This product is a piece of shit. Do not buy. Doesn't work, and then I try to call for customer support, it won't take my number. Fucking rip off!
was not pleased and Bluetooth malfunctioned after a couple of weeks
Absolutely horrible. Fingerprints, face prints, smudgy and impossible to use in sunlight! Literally cannot see screen. Want my money back, and going to go find the one i used before!
Does not play with with the two cases i bought. I'd request a refund but mines already cracked from the cases.
I had problem with the 2 screen protectors, any of them paste well on the screen. Very disappointing because I also bought the complete screen protection and I hope not happening the same thing...
Terrible. Doesn't even charge waste of my money.
Cheap all peeled off in less than a month
Not a good product at all. The adhesion is nonexistent. Do not waste your money. I gave up on this product and used my old Note 4 tempered class. I was most definitely taken in by the hype.
This screen protector does not fit. Waste of money.
The watch has great features. My only concern was that the screen was to hard to see. You can actually see the watch face better in direct sunlight. Inside where i work i can hard see the screen
Terrible product. Had it for a few weeks and dropped my phone and the screen shattered from top to bottom. It might protect a phone if it lands on a corner or side, but if the screen lands flush to the floor, it will not protect it. Also, the power button is hard to push and the back piece does not work very well as a kickstand. It's too flimsy.
The product worked for maybe five minutes then it stopped and my iPhone said is not compatible with iphone
I bought a package of three. Two of them have already stopped working and it's only been about six months. The use has been minimal. We each used one on our nightstand, and I kept an extra one in the office. We never traveled with them, never took them out of the house, and they just stopped working for no apparent reason.
This Case is no good. It looks great in the advertised photos but once the case is on the actual phone it's no good. Does not fit right, the rubber piece coming off the hard plastic piece. Not very confident of protection if dropped
The product never actually arrived, despite the tracking saying it was delivered. After looking all over to find a way to contact customer service about this, and finding nothing, I finally just ordered another one. So if you want to pay twice for something, then by all means, buy this.
Doesnt work well. It's harder to use the screen. It's not even the same as advertised. What a waste of money.
First drop and it shattered. Had it on only 24 hours. A real shame because I was enjoying it until it broke.
Sound is distorted. Look elsewhere.
The adhesive is only on the edges. Didn't stick all the way and was trapping dust. Also quite smudgey - I was always wiping the screen
The charger immediately didn't work after unboxing it. It would only charge in certain positions.
Broke an front of case came off often.
Didn't receive what item from the picture & wasn't able to charge more listen to music at the same time
Not what I anticipated. It's bulky and heavy. It doesn't recharge my phone it just maintains the level I plug it up in.
Product charged fully, literally, two times and has not gone past one light since.
Installed 6 months ago. Now, when in USB/iPod source, automatically Error 19. This is without anything in the USB input. Tried all fixes and solutions. 6 months for $100.00 is not worth it to me. Wish I had stayed away from this unit.
Does not stick!! Popped off my note 9 after a couple of days. I followed the installation instructions. I wish I would have read other reviews before I wasted money on these.
Terrible. Not curved on sides. Does not adhere to edges. Doesn't work with cases due too non-curved sides. No way all these positive reviews are real purchasers of this product. Save your money.
Very shallow. Advertises other things can be cleaned with it but reality is it's way too shallow to fit anything in except phone. Had to take phone out of case. Disappointing. Wouldn't waste your money on it. Would have been nice if glasses fit in it.
These worked for a few days, now whenever I try to use one my iPhone 6 says "accessory not supported"
Hard to get to connect to charge
I bought this for the wireless charging capability. I was disappointed that when using wireless charging, it will charge for a few minutes and then it stops charging. You have to continuously check on it to make sure the charging has not shut off. I bought three of these. One for myself and two for gifts. Then I ordered a forth one for another gift. All four have a the same problem. I would not buy again.
Both batteries do not stay charged longer than a couple hours
Never worked.... no help in getting it fixed or replaced
Its easy to install but I wouldn't buy it again. The temper glass won't completely stick to my phone. I have to keep pushing down on it so it can stick but it doesn't. I'm not very happy with my purchase.
It's been one month and only the short cord works. The other two read “this accessory my not be supported” when i plug them in, then refuse to charge. Anything. I would avoid.
The slowest charging chord in the world. Don't buy it it will take 4 hours to charge your phone.
Awful. Stopped working after 5 weeks.
Overall, great purchase. I had been looking for a while for a band decently priced for the gear fit 2 pro. Comfort is great, no hair snags yet. The edges are clean. I have only had for one week but the finish is holding up nicely. Wear every day for the most part, most of the day. Great purchase, as there were no reviews wanted to provide something for others. *** UPDATE 6 WEEKS later, product broke, band slipped out of watch connection. Started to fade shortly after this review. Overall don't waste your money, unless you're looking for a band that will last you about 2-3 months
I received the product with the wrinkled packaging that looks old and unused for a long time. It confirmed my suspicion as I opened up the supposedly "Wet" cleaner, and it being totally dry. I tried to apply the screen protector, however, it didn't stick good even with the appropriate amount of pressure. The sides especially won't stick into the phone. It easily peeled off as I took it off. For me, even though the price is low, it's still not worth the purchase.
Works for about 2-3 min before reporting error on iPhone.
Worked for just long enough to last through the warranty then completely failed. No longer charging any type of Apple products. Buy a different product
Product broke within the first week of using it. Cheaply made, Highly do not recommend. Very disappointed.
Very hard to keep synced to my device and the left earbud failed after the second day.
This product doesn't work. My iPhone is too heavy for the dash mount and caused the entire thing to fall over. That caused both magnetic discs to stick together. So it is useless now. Don't buy!
This case the inner part cracks and i had to be replaced and now mine is cracked
Very flimsy and not full coverage. Didn't even use
It's very cheap products...
As soon as I put my life proof box on it it lifted up the edges Causing air bubbles
when you make a call the sound is bad
It's cheaply made after only 1 month it tore off the buckle I would like my money back
Phone fell from 29 inches and destroyed phone. Case di nothing to protect it. Spend more money for a better product.
I didn't even use it up to 30 minute before I had to recharge it each time I turned it on.....
I have not received this product even though it says it was delivered.
I installed this product,at first I saw flickering lights on my screen once in a while. Eventually the entire screen turned white i hope I can get my money back for this. it's clearly not good
Don't buy this. I bought this 2 weeks ago and it's already not working. A complete waste of money
Never recieved this item and it took over a month to get
I ordered a case for an Iphone 6 and I got a 6s. I need a case for a 6
Disappointed in this charger. Upon removing it from the package it did not fit snug into the charging port. Very loose fit and often is not charging my phone.
Installed correctly on the REC head unit in my 06 Jeep Commander to emulate VES and it did nothing. I could not select VES. I tried disconnecting and connecting again. Still nothing. Returned for refund. Garbage.
The phone seemed like it was a good buy for the first month or two, until one day it stopped charging. Nokia refused to offer a refund and required me to send the phone in for repair. A week later I got it back and it seemed to be fixed. A month later the charging port failed again. This phone is not worth the headache you will experience trying to get it fixed. Do yourself a favor and just but a Pixel 3a, it costs a little bit more, but you won't have to deal with Nokia which is a bonus.
Did not work consistently right out of the box!The durability of these lighting charge cords is pure shit
White streaks show up after a few minutes of use.
Very flimsy material . No protection
Really cheap product. Card holder near impossible to open.
For getting a deal on this case from amazon instead of paying 100$ for it at Best Buy is cool. Yes it is lifeproof and water resistant but if you're someone that is very active and planning on using it as your daily case I don't recommend it. Long story short I work on a farm used the case for a week and my camera is useless now because is scratched and makes my pictures blurry which is very annoying considering the case is supposed to be scratch resistant...... 🙃
Dont buy this crap .. Only came with 1 ear piece && it was hugh i don't think no human ear could fit this please dont buy
Would not stick, opened package followed instructions and won't stick
Worked great for a month. As soon as the return window closed I started getting “This accessory may not be supported” with my iphoneX. Still seems to be working fine with my old iPad mini though. Bummer.
case was scratched when I got it
Two of the cords stopped working. This was possibly due to substandard materials
The antenna reception was sadly lower than I expected & does not work.
What I liked was the price and qhat I disliked was it was not durable. I don't know if it was the charger or the wire but it doesn't work.
Just purchased an Apple Watch series 5 and I wanted to protect the screen face, these screen protector fit the face however the interaction/feel with the watch is often unresponsive making the experience a big disappointment - I will not be using these screen protectors.
worked for a couple of weeks terrible product
In my opinion the magnet on this band is extremely weak. It constantly slides and loosens all day long. If the magnet held I would have given 5 stars. It's very comfortable, I'm just annoyed that I have to tighten the strap back up every 15 minutes or so
Lasted for about 2 months, now most of them are not working or will work sparingly. Also the charging port connector was easily bender and damaged .
Looks nothing like the picture. Did not cover the entire Juul. The cutout for the LED was on the sides so when you wrapped it, there was a line down the middle of the Juul in the front. Poorly designed and would not recommend buying.
it was cute but when i tried making it shorter with the tools that were provided the little tool to take out the band got stuck in one of the links and one of the little pins from the link got stuck when i tried taking them out to make it shorter it was cute but what a waste of money
Unfortunately, this broke after about two months. I have also noticed some of the rhinestones are starting to discolor. I really liked it for a while, but disappointed in the durability.
Not worth buying terrible product
One didnt even work, just get some CT Sounds speakers, theyre cheaper and actually work
Doesnt work :( me and my 2004 mazda 3 were very disappointed
this stuff is a wast of money it doesn't do any thing and it has a weird smell don't waist your money
Used it for a very short while and phone froze! Its DEAD! Seller is not very helpful... JUNK!!!
Received broken and missing parts
It's NOT waterproof and will start to ruin the moment you use your watch in the water. If you plan on swimming or bathing with your watch one, I do not recommend this protector. Find one of those glass tempered ones
Put the screen protector on after cleaning the screen with the included materials. Felt like it was clicking against the screen and fell off the screen after 2 hours, cracking on the ground. Don't waste money on this protector.
We've now had two of these break. I would not suggest buying this model, but if you're set on this brand than by one of the newer models. Although, if they're making memories cheap they'll break 2.
This product was made overseas. No doubt! The quality says it all. When installing the app for the camera we had such a horrible experience. My phone froze for a long time, and change some of my settings. The app we installed was giving my phone some sort of virus. For some strange reason we were unable to uninstall the app, so we had to do a factory reset. I thought that was extremely weird. Therefore I give it a one only 🌟. I was expecting decent quality but this was Far Beyond.
The quality was similar to an iPhone 2. Couldn't believe how horrible the picture was.
We bought the 3 pack and none of them work. When you plug them in it shows it's charging and then it quits working. Worked for one day only! Defective
That watch I never fine the way to work, ask me for change my phone number plus I have to paid for returns
Selected one case and was sent another one. Contacted customer service and the rep argued with me refused to send the correct one or refund my money. Will NEVER ORDER FROM HERE AGAIN RUDE!!!!
These started out great- connected seamlessly to my phone. Upon first extended use, however, the right ear bud stopped working after about 90 minutes. I tried reconnecting and nothing fixed the problem. Any advice on how to get more than one use out of these would be greatly appreciated.
I have never written a negative review for any item I have purchased however the quality of this phone case is so poor that it was cracked when it arrived and I returned the product to get another one and I have never received a replacement. The color and style of case are wonderful however if it is crumbling apart then it can't protect anything.
I'm lost phone has weak signal , hardly can use never had this issue before
This popsocket is NOT holo! It's a picture of something holo printed on plain glossy paper. My daughter was very disappointed, and we waited extra long for this to be delivered (we expected that part based on the delivery date stated) just because it was supposed to be holo.
Poor quality and performance. Is very finicky have to fiddle with it to make it work and lightning port will not hold cable so very hard to charge.
Weak. Lethargic. Serious bass buzz. No. Fail.
Adhesive isn't that great, and keeps repeatedly popping off my phone.
I emailed them to ask if it will work on Verizon they never emailed me back . I decided to order it since it says fully unlocked but it's a big lie it did not work on Verizon just a waste of time and I've been waiting for my refund for a week now and I didn't get it yet ! So disappointment!
Beware: scratches very easily, and has a lot of give on the sides makes the case feel like it isn't very well put together
Do not get these headsets!!!! I bought them the end of October. I am a light user but they are already not working. First the left speaker quit. And now they are alternating between the left and right not working. I can be talking on them and have it suddenly switch the ear I am hearing out of at any one moment. Very disturbing. And.....I cannot find company information to see about a replacement. Too much money for 5-1/2 months of little use.
Soon as I plugged it in my iPhone 7 Plus it last about a minute then shut off. My phone it is not compatible with device. Tried it several times and same result.
My one star is for the service but not the phone itself, as I still think the phone is a great phone. I ordered the phone and received the box with only the booklet, charger and earphones, but no actual phone. It was quite an unexpected hassle to get the refund as I could not get a replacement. Maybe it was stolen, maybe it was not placed in the box to begin with, honestly I do not know.
repeatedly placing cell phone in stand causes the pads to slip, leaving a sticky trail that after a while, acts like glue, because more and more of it will appear. Had to yank phone free every time. Even glu gone wouldn't get rid of it. Trying to push it back in place only worked for the feet. It ended up in the give-away bag for charity.
Does not work. Do not buy. All the reviews are fake.
I have not received the item. Transaction is telling me delivered, but i have not received the item. Samsung Galaxy S8 charger...
I went through 2 of them just to get them not to crack. Very sensitive glass protector. Hope this 3rd one holds up until I get a new one!
I good case, solidly built, but the black glossy paint started to flake off within less than 1 year. I ordered another one which only lasted 3 months. I suggest the manufacturer get a better adhesion for the finish. It's a shame because if it was not for the paint peeling off, this case would be outstanding as it does protect the phone well and fits tightly.
I ordered the iPhone x case and I got this. I order on Amazon often and this is the first time anything like this has ever happened
I just opened my package and went to apply the tempered glass like I have done on many devices. I went to pull the tab to remove the protective film before applying it to my device and there was NO plastic film. I checked the second one in the package and found the very same thing. Just a peel tab stuck directly to the tempered glass it self. Very Unhappy with the product quality!
One of worst products I purchased from Amazon. Battery can hold for less than 30 minutes.
The plastic on the side came off
The back started to peel off after only a few months use. It bubbled and keeps coming off in pieces. It has not been wet at all so there's no reason it should peel off other than poor quality.
This did not fit my phone. My phone is an 8plus as advertised and it didn't come near to fitting. Disappointed.
As others have noted, production is flawed. Terribly sharp edges. I hoped this problem had been remedied by now. Nope. Stay away.
The case is of decent quality but its so smooth and Im constantly having to make sure it does not slip out of my hands. Not sure if this is something that goes away but Im very unhappy with the case and will be returning it. My husband got the black case and it has a slight rubber texture and its great but unfortunately the mint color is slippery as all get out.
This product is shown on a flat dashboard. Even turning it to face you as far as it can go, the phone is still pointed at the car ceiling.
The phone had faulty battery that doesn't keep charge. I want to return it.
I ignored the negative reviews on this because we had lifeproof cases for our s5's but I wish I would have listened. This one had the camera lens piece fall out while I was cleaning it and I was not pushing hard. My husbands broke where the charger door closes. I would not recommend these even if you have liked the product in the past.
I'm very careful with my phone and have it in a case knowing that I cracked both protectors with in a couple weeks of each other. My previous protector from another manufacturer lasted at least a year. Won't purchase again.
I went through almost all 6 in less than 2 weeks. Lifted very easy, does not hold up against normal use. I purchased a different brand, IQ shield, it has lasted so far over a month and haven't needed to replace that one yet. I would advise against this brand
it only works sometimes when I hold it at a certain angle
I'll start with why I gave it one star; the case doesn't allow the sound to get through adequately. You can hear people on speakerphone or other but your voice is muffled even if you're talking with your mouth right up to the microphone opening. I would not recommend this product unless it was re-designed. It's made well maybe it would be waterproof I don't know. Everything fits together well it's just the sound is awful
Junk. Every time the phone falls a short distance the protector falls off. The last time it broke from a 1.5 ft fall.
Lasted less than two months before fast charging capability did not work. No way to contact the seller to get a replacement. Do not recommend this
Junk. This has a small strip of adhesive around the edges. It bounces when you try to type.
Will not buy again 1st cable didn't even and 2nd cable stopped working a month after purchase. I couldn't return because return deadline had passed
Does not work at all with my iPhone 8. Waste of money. Worthless.
Good idea however, I bought the case and realized that the case will not protect the screen. If you are looking for a battery bank this would work, this will not protect cellphone screen. Be aware that most of the reviews are coming from unverified customers. Be AWARE!!
I dropped my brand new iPhone X on a flat service and the screen shattered. This case is not protective as claimed in the product description.
There is really no difference with this installed and plugged in or not. It does nothing. Thank you
Trash... it stopped working after a week
The battery life on these headphones are terrible. They did not even last for hour.
That are junk after five months! What a racket!
I've had this product about 5 months and it already has problems. I run maybe 3 times a week's and the left earphone makes static noise now. I thought these were sweat resistant.
The watch looked okay but it did not come with a battery so how am I supposed to cut it on it's going back
I ordered a different item then what was pictured.
Terrible screen protector. Firstly it does not fix to the screen properly on the edges and then the screen is not responsive in the middle. Will not recommend this product.
Looks nice but Very weak construction, started to breakdown by itself without falling or anything, tried to exchange it but Amazon closed the return window 2 days ago..
If you're OK getting USB components without even the small protection afforded by the involvement of a US company, go for it. Even though China makes most of these items, when they are ordered by an American company and sold to their specs you can expect the device to be a little less likely to contain anything malicious. But when it comes from an unknown company in China, who knows?
Too Big. Did not fit.
I bought it, installed in, went on vacation and started using it when I came back. The suction mount is the worst I've seen in a dashcam or any product. It just doesn't stay put. I had to stick it twice a day for a week and every time it would fall with a thud, without any bumps and while it was parked at night. Second, the recording feature is all over the place. I liked their button settings which make sense. But after setting it up, the camera records randomly, says the disk is full (even if it's set on loop recording) and after formatting and changing card, still gives the error. The other day I found a bump on my car and when I checked the camera, NOTHING was recorded in the parking mode. So, I'm past the return window and should have tested it before going for a vacation. Seemed like a good product from the reviews. Maybe I got a bad unit. But in any case, check it if you buy it, but LOOK ELSEWHERE for a reliable unit.
Good: I was so happy with the look to the screen protector tiny watch looked so good with the curved black edges around the screen protector. Easy installation. Bad: The screen protector shattered within an hour of putting it on my watch as I was sitting at my desk at work. Product not worth the money, I was very sad.
Hated the fact that this product description noted that this product would be bubble free and it is not!! Used up both the protectors bubbled up. Completely unsatisfied!!!
Worked for 10 days then it stopped charging. Broken. Dumb.
bad quality, it stop work in few week. don't waste money
The packaging is total different from the one I purchased it doesn't stick to it the instructions are wrong it did not work at all! It doesn't read the finger print
I got OtterBox because I thought they would be tougher. One of them broke the 2nd day. On the plus side got them quickly.
Purchased in July 2019, color is peeling off.
Does not work. Error after 1 minute playing
This doesn't stay put on the car vent, and struggles to keep a phone in the position. Dispatched into the trash can.
Bought 2, 1 froze up after 3 months
Won't stick to my phone :( never had an issue with other pop sockets
It has already cracked in under a week. Don't waste your money!
Phone was locked and it's an international phone. Very poor product avoid. Unfortunately Amazon sellers like mine took advantage because they sent to Amazon a faulty phone.
Case was broken and worn when I received it in the mail. Not worth the money.
There is a dead bug inside this case!!! So gross!
These are total crap. They stopped working after two weeks.
Absolute horrible. Tips broke off of all cords within a month.
I bought 4 of these. 2 stopped working after 3 weeks. I emailed the company but they didn't bother to respond. There is a 30 day window to return, but I because I ordered these a week before the phone came, and my boss didn't get switched over right away I missed the window.
Not good if you plan on getting your Fitbit wet. I wear my Fitbit during aqua aerobics. It just filled with water and clouded my screen. Only way to dry it was to take the bands off, and then take the cover off. Too much trouble so I returned it. Would not recommend.
The radio case holder came apart after using the case holder for approximately 21 hours over a period 7 days. Is it possible to return for an exchange?
Not wanting to stay on phone
Don't buy. It breaks eventually
iPhone 7 not compatible with this product. Wouldn't allow us to use it at all.
I didn't use it for a couple months, then when I was on a trip at the beach the moment I opened it to put my phone it, the plastic that locks the top ask keeps the water out broke. I was unable to use it and take the picture I wanted.
Does not work at all my phone shattered and I've had it on my phone for a few days . Disappointed.
I wore this pretty much constantly until today. I sat down & the case fell off. It ripped on the top of the belt loop. I had not noticed any problems before. It "looked" to be a good, sturdy case. I was sadly mistaken. I would have returned it for a replacement but I'm out of time since January. Buyer beware, looks are deceiving.
This is not rose gold. It's clear... It looks nothing like the picture Seriously it's clear,n
Straight trash. Like others have stated, it does not adhere to the edge of device, this after trying multiple methods. Additionally, even in the parts it does stick to, it has a clarity issue to where the screen loses some of its luster.
Received on August 2nd and they are already breaking down. The wires are already coming apart and not charging my cell phone. Very disappointed!
This did not come with installation instructions, but did include 3 different wipes and some positioning stickers. I thought I'd applied it well, but a week later, it just fell off my phone. Disappointed because it had such high reviews.
May be great for the phone it is actually intended for. Does not fit my J7v properly as advertised, covers the camera giving you blurry pics.
Doesn't hear good out of
Although it's a very beautiful set it is turning my finger green that's why a low review
Ridiculously small, can't cover anything. Edited: Only received 2 tiny stickers.
I didn't receive sim card pin eject removal
This product was nothing like it was advertised online. It was different.
One of the cords quit working after 1 week
Once I received the product, the top part of the product began to break apart. Not happy at all with this product.
These are crap!! Glue peels off the pocket stretched out!!! Lost my cc many times:(
Broke the first day, didn't bother using the other one. Waste of money.
This product is very hard to get it to stay just where you need it. It also broke right at the clamp so I had to throw it away after 1 month of trying to use it.
Not a glass screen. Very disappointed.
Bought this for my wifes IPhone 7. The ring on the back broke with in two days. Case is nice. But the ring is the weak link.
The screen protector started to slide off the phone about 2 days in. Also, there were weird lines across the screen protector that affects regular phone usage. I tried to bring this issue up to the seller, but they didn't care. No response from them.
3 of them broke after a few months... they just stop charging. Not worth buying if you have to replace them every 6 months.
This unit was to be a direct fit, it was not and no wiring diagram so I could make it fit. The company was no help at all. I sent it back and got a EONON which I would recommend to everyone!! P.S. Amazon was great!! It wasn't there fault it was the company.
Junk! Broke within 2 days of having it. The piece that plugs into your phone broke off in my phone. Would work for a few minutes then I would get a message on my phone saying this iPhone doesn't support this accessory.
Put this screen on the cell phone and within two days,(DID NOT DROP IT), it was cracked, about halfway to the bottom. Very disappointed. Would not recommend.
I tried both in the pack and neither of them would even stick to my screen even after cleaning it with the provided kit
Mine came broken in several places. Cheaply made and probably wouldn't last long if it ever did get loaded with a sub. Considering a bonfire tonight, I'll post a video of it going up in flames later.
DOES NOT FIT LG STYLO!!!!!! Way to big, cannot trim it to fit.
This case is not compatible with the official OnePlus screenguard, it causes several air bubbles through day to day use.
Great product for the first 3 weeks - then .... the strap breaks. Gutted.
It stopped charging and then over heated for the entire day and still wouldn't charge
It's simple- do not buy this product- only one worked out of the box- no kidding.
This came with all the materials to apply the screen and it was easy to apply. However, it lasted only a couple days, then a giant crack. I replaced it with the second one. The same thing a few days later. The phone had NOT been dropped. My screen has been fine for the year and a half that I've had it, minus one scratch. I don't understand why these protectors won't last.
This product didn't last 5 months........Never buy Used,just go to a truck stop and buy it New 😡.
Material is flimsy, I wasn't even pulling on it.
The design and band would be great but it does not clip into my blaze frame. Too big. Useless
The camera hole is in the wrong spot
No dust removing tape, no alignment tape or anything help with alignment. Exact the same size as screen area, so not ANY margin for misalignment. Cannot move at all once let down on the screen, so almost no chance to do it right. Not a recommendation at all.
The black case attracts to must visible dust and does not look clean at all. The screen protector did not stick onto the edges so had to take if off and throw it away. Not all all satisfied with the purchase! :(
This product did not work with my iPhone 7. It said it was not compatible. So I wasted my money and can't get a refund
the volume control broke after 1 week of use and they won't allow me to return it. Bad quality product!
If I could give zero stars I would. Came in broken now I have to pay to ship it back to get a refund don't waste your money!!!!!
Dislike.... battery life is only 45 minutes.
DO NOT BUY!!!!! These earbuds are poorly made low quality knock offs that broke (both pair) in the first day of use.
This is without a doubt the worst phone I have ever owned. Scrolling drags, sound is terrible, battery life sucks. Anyone that give this phone five stars must work for the company.
Piece of junk thought in the trash after two uses
It's a very cute case but Its not very sturdy inside. One side of the case doesn't stay snapped in and there is a little space for my phone to move around in it. Not compatible with screen protectors either. Feels like cheap plastic. I dont recommend this case
Thin and little to no protection of the phone. The case broke next to the power button after about a month of light useage.
This product cant be specific to the Note 9. It hasnt fit correctly since initial application. My note 8 protector fit like a glove, this one is horrible
These chargers are garbage. Don't waste your money. I bought them about 2 months ago and every single charger in the pack has stopped working.
I like the color and material but that's about it. THIS WILL DO NOTHING TO PROTECT YOUR SCREEN OR CAMERA. My screen stuck out from the case, and my camera almost sticks outside the provided lip. It'd be worth spending a little bit more to protect your $1000 phone.
I bought this in August and here it is December with only 1 of the 5 cables still working. Definitely not worth the money.
These both exhibit a poor fit in my phone and headphone jack. They constantly fall out and cause digital distortion. They don't seat fully in a Pixel 2.
I could not read it to small I am returning it
Not what I intended to order and the screen protector too small. No instructions and horrible quality. Skip!
Had to send it back it was broken
Just received this protector for my Note 8. It was easy to install. But it is horrible. You can hear the plastic in certain places when you tap on it. Kind of like it's not stuck all of the way on. But it appears to be. And my biggest complaint is the lack of sensitivity when touching the screen. The phone doesn't recognize that I'm touching it. I have to hit buttons/keys several times to take. Or lay the phone on a solid surface and Hit the button. It's the most difficult with having to touch near the edges. I would never buy this again. And I don't recommend it.
both broke within 2 months, and while they were "working" they both made the audio crackle.
I loved the length of these cables. But with just over 2 months of use only 1 cable still works.
Music distorted through radii and calls is not come through clear. Returned.
One side stopped working and then both sides stopped working
Did not like this product,,,,,the adhesive is not good
Sorry can't give a review on a item, that was never delivered to me!!!
sound control broke after two weeks. Pauses sound and skips songs at random.
I have only had this watchband for a couple weeks. DOES NOT CLASP WELL. First noticed the issue when I was clapping my hands on my legs, and off came the watch. Today, walking down a hallway, watchband came unclasped again, $300 watch fell off, and broke. DO NOT BUY FOR ANY SPORTS WATCHES AS IT CANNOT EVEN HANDLE NORMAL WEAR.
If you do not want to hear the person your on the phone with this is a good case for that. Also feels cheaply made
Tempered glass Screen protector doesn't cover all the screen, it is not unbreakable as described
I've already gone through the 2 screen protectors in a week.. One cracked from being dropped on a a rug. Terrible durability. The adhesive doesn't properly stick on either. Second screen protector, popped off almost immediately, and wont stay on. It's a garbage product
It doesn't work. Don't buy from this seller. I can't return it. It was a gift to my husbamd who is always out of town. By the time he got to it, it was passed the return date and I cannot contact Amazon about this item since they've changed the layout. It was an expensive mistake. Don't buy.
It cracks easily and does not stick well to the phone.
Have to give it such a low rating since after 3 months of use it does not hold a charge. I cannot get a hold of someone in product support to find out if something can be done about it. Did research on my own to see if something was not set up right also had my daughter try to figure it out. Think it is just a defective unit. Very disappointed in this product for the money I spent.
This is much too small to cover the complete watch face of a 42 mm watch. Instructions are very sparse!
The cheapest screen protector ever. It cracked putting it on. Forget about it protecting my phone when it drops.
Was suppose to receive this phone case on Saturday and still has not been delivered. Really disappointed in the fact that I have the option to track package but has never been updated. Will never buy from them again.
It worked great for the first few months. Then a part fell off internally and it stopped working.
This product is not worth the money. 3 months later the plastic cover is already cracked. Initially the item came torn, so I had to superglue the cover. The product is poorly made.
It did not fit my Galaxy Note 5 Phone - perhaps I can find something it does fit or perhaps another cable that will fit the phone (Fast Charger unit is regular USB) - and it was recommended - and linked to the Amazon product - by the Samsung site as a valid replacement for the cable - They are out of stock! Pros - they sent me the item Cons - the Item does not work on my Galaxy Note 5
Does not support Apple lightening connection This is the reason why I bought it. Thank you for lying about your product
It did not work with my carrier
Does not fit my stereo at all. This was not easy to instal at all. I had to cut some plastic off of it snap off the middle part and rig it to even be able to use it in my car. I have a Toyota rav4 09 will not order this again
It doesn't read depth right. The gps is off. The light is dim. Depth alarm will randomly go off for no reason.
product was damaged and no replacement was shipped bad service so far. i wish i can give 0 stars smh
It is a pretty case but the rubber around the front of the case has no grip. It started to slide off the first day when I was on the phone.
It advertises that it is for the Galaxy but they shipped an iphone case
Terrible don't buy it.. Screen protector is cheesy. Does not seal all the way to the edges... Very dissatisfied...
With light to moderate use these have fallen apart in less than a year. One side have been held together with scotch tape for a while and this morning just unplugging from the usb/charging cable the side that connects to the usb completely fell apart. There is alway a slight crackle and the buttons are over sensitive I would not recommend
I bought this for my 98 chevy s10 and didn't install it until a few weeks later and I find out that they don't come with the mounting brackets and now I can't return it
This product does not work at all...
Very flimsy the ears came off on the first day. Came off the phone just by grabbing the phone.
Received it today and put it on the phone and started cracking...
Didn't come with front facing camera so kinda upset
It is the worst case I have ever bought.
I just put this on my phone today and it has fallen off three times already. It was a waste of money.
They dont work at all
Bad product doesn't charge in when it do only for a hour in a nother thing one of my head phones wires didn't have a cover around the wires
Ordered item September 2018 and didn't use it often. Went to charge my phone and nothing. Had to throw it away. I'm very disappointed
Sucks! Broke in a month! Didnt let me get a refund! NEVER BUY!
It doesn't fit properly and it doesn't have a hole where the charger goes.
I dislike the product it won't stay together and it keep falling off
Junk. Fits the phone screen as advertised. Has a thin tape like sticker the goes around the border. That's what holds the screen on. While using the phone, the screen was constantly making a popping type noise due to the protector not actually touching the screen flush due to the tape/sticker that creates a gap. Also the touch screen didn't work as well unless you pressed harder. After an hour the protector just popped off. Tossed the second one that came with it in the garbage an ordered a different screen protector that's not glass.
Fits well but does NOT stick. Only has adhesive around the edges. Once you think it's on, one corner pops up and then causes the whole side to come off. Wish it would've had adhesive over the whole thing.
Wasn't able to use bluetooth while charging, which was the main idea behind trying this. Lots of interference. Returned.
Poor quality already broke
After less than 4 months the band broke at the clasp
Not quite what I wanted
I am really disappointed in this product after applying it to my phone. There are too vertical lines that go across the screen at the edges. The worst part though it the responsiveness of the screen now. I constantly have to touch things twice and some letters don't get picked up without hard presses multiple times. and swiping down from the top for the options is really annoying and unresponsive since the screen makes you unable to activate the touch response swipe mechanism.
The adhesive on this product will never allow it to be removed without significantly damaging whatever is below it. Unlike most phone screen protectors that peel right off if damaged or removed, this glue becomes one with its substrate. Now I have to look into replacing the display on a two month old car. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT.
The ball fell off within the first week. Super disappointed 😔
I ordered this thinking I could fit my laptop charger and cable inside, along with a phone charger, but I couldn't fit it all inside. The picture shows a lot in the pouch but no way. I couldnt even close mine. Returned because it also had a WEIRD STRONG smell that would t go away!
Fast shipping, But cheap packaging, lots of bubbles despite following the cleaning and installation instructions. pixelated 3D screen, also appears rainbow like when I use it in the car while wearing my sunglasses. I do not recommend this product.
NOT tempered glass as it says in the description. This is going back. Very disappointed.
Maybe it's a fake that someone else returned, not an Apple product, but a Chinese brand.
I have been using the case for less than a month now, and the rose gold paint is already peeling off. This is my third Spigen case because I normally love your brand, but this is very disappointing!
Didnt receive this order
Don't waste your money.. This my third one for the month.. if you accidentally drop it.. your phone will get out of the case and still get damaged.. My last one dropped from chair height and broke... broke my iPhone 8+ back glass.. $ 99 repair....smh... so I was like let me test the last good piece .. drop it from 2 feet on the glass and it broke... it looks good when it new., but you absolutely can not drop it or you screwed.. would not recommend this , would not even use it if I get it for free... lol can send you picture if you like..
Do NOT buy these!!! First, they're not compatible with iPhones. It'll work for a minute and then a message will pop up on your phone saying “accessory not supported.” What's even worse, they broke and now part of it is stuck in my phone! This was under an hour of my first time using them! Don't waste your money.
I bought this product for my Iphone to be able to charge my phone and use my headphones at the same time. I plugged my headphones up and they do not work when I facetime at all, I thought maybe I had a defective product so I ordered a new one and it does the exact same thing. It also charges very slow. Clearly this product does not serve its purpose.
The part that mounts to the cat broke off
I am very disappointed with this product, the touch doesn't work well, and the crash the same day arrived !
does not work except on only one of my phones (a Nexus) and will not work on charging tablets.Returned it
Doent work for video.
Too hard to open Not gonna Work for me
This product did not work, the files it produced were corrupted and not readable by any program. Makes me wonder if the positive reviews were real, I don't know how anyone could use this.
This product has worked glitchy, it locks up and when it does work it is slow. I would not recommend it.
I saw the reviews and took a gamble anyway since some people said it worked for them and was a genuine Samsung charger that has fast charging. I wanted another charger in the house. I just got it. Plugged it in to my S8+ and no fast charge. Tried my off-brand charger and the charger that came with my S8+ and those both worked just fine for fast charging. This charger is probably a genuine Samsung charger but it's not the one that can be used for S8+ fast charging. Complete waste of money!
didn't work at all and I bought two
Really bad product. The sides did not stick, the screen protector left a haze and the quality overall was bad
It shows that my phone was delivered I have been waiting all day to receive this package even payed extra to receive today because I was going to send I to my mother as a gift for her birthday. This needs to be fixed please. I have been waiting and waiting and been tracking the delivery and it shows delivered but my item is not here.
Waste of money. Freezing phone while case was charging. Could see the call coming but would not answer. The QI stopped working just days aftet the return date ran out. Not worth it.
Poorly made. Did not stick to the watch. Became instantly foggy. Save your money. Buy a different protector.
Worked for about a week.
I could not get the center to stick. It was not a bubble, it just would not stick to the entire screen.
Bought it for a friend, said that she was very dissatisfied
Fake! It looks terrible like someone printed the picture off an old school printer and pasted it to a phone case
This tempered glass sucks its made so it only sticks through the edges of the screen not the full stickiness like others that cover the entire screen and are easily applicable. you have to press the screen a bit hard to just do your daily things on the phone with this thing on the phone yeah it sucks....
Never received item or my return!!!
Dont buy not wroth it
They dont work. Tried to contact seller, never received reply.
Doesn't fit. Piece of crap. Leaves a 1/4" around the entire edge that doesn't contact the phone screen and therefore leaves an opaque white color. How can somebody sell this? Its clearly defective at the least, or improperly designed at worst.
The battery fits fine, but over a period 3 months, it does not function properly. It will not work on battery alone, even though I take out and re insert the new battery Very disappointing
It's got potential and I'm wondering if I just got a bad one but the USBC charging doesn't work and it will only charge my phone twice is supposed to be 25000 mAh so a 4000 mAh battery should be able to be charged at least 4 times all the way should be actually more like 5.5 but I would accept 4. 2 is kind of lame. So all in all not impressed.
Seemed like good quality but only worked for about a year, then quit. All 3 cables failed in very tame environments (not a situation of hot+cold, high stress, or otherwise). Pros: What seems like good construction quality, good data transfer rates, strong cords Cons: Flimsy junk cables
Bought this in February 2018 and it's June 2018 now, stopped working overnight. Unfortunately for me I am in Europe now and don't know if I'll be able to get it replaced. Worked great when it was working and now it doesn't charge and when I plug in the cable to charge my phone through the case, it says a ridiculous amount of time until fully charged.
I hated this charger doesn't work like my old one which I just loved
Bought for my daughter for Christmas. Camera is at a strange angle making it difficult to take pictures while wearing it. It worked with her phone for around 3 hours and then just stopped working altogether.
These aren't compatible with apple products and they'll stop working after a couple minutes of plugging them in.
This was very carefully installed, I carry my phone in a wallet case for extra protection. The screen protector cracked soon after installed and now has bubbled up. There is only 1 in a pack.
I bought 6 of these power banks in various colors. One was supposed to be gold. The box said gold. I ordered gold for a specific reason. When I opened the box, it was silver. I already had purchased a silver power bank. Not happy at all!
Definitely NOT compatible with iPhoneX. Money wasted! Return process seems deliberately complicated to deter any returns. Seller does not reply to emails.
The ear covers fell apart within the first month of use. Do not buy!
The quality is low, but still working
I did not receive this case yet and I hate it already since I am familiar with this design.. exposed cases are the worst... What a mistake!!!
Seems to work, although the setup is less than intuitive. However, my main concern is the battery life. After two weeks, the app is showing that the battery needs replacing. I have ordered the new, free battery offered, but am concerned about the long term use if this device. Maybe this tracker sat for a long time before shipping. I hope so, but two weeks of battery life is a worry. UPDATE: The new battery solved the problem, but now the device is dead because the back fell off at some point and is lost. I'm disappointed. You might want to put a small piece of tape on your device to ensure that it doesn't fall apart.
After the third use it did not charge up any more. Ok if you want a disposable charger to throw away after only a couple of uses. It worked ok for the three times that I was able to use it. However it did not charge my phone to 100%, only to 80% before it lost all of its charging power. I did not have a problem plugging it in to my Pixel 3 with a case on it. But that doesn't matter now as the charger does not work. Seriously, do not purchase this product. Other one star reviews can attest to the same fault.
It cracked and I didn't even drop my phone. I have no idea how this thing shattered but it shattered after 2 weeks. Do not buy, will not protect your phone.
Lasted 2 days, cracked and fell apart :(.
it charges and connect headphones through bluetooth but has a strong hissing white noise which makes it hard to listen and talk. Waste of money
Had it just over a month and it snapped in half, also the belt clip busted at the same time, very poorly made
This protector doesn't fit the Galaxy S8 properly. As soon as I place the protective case back on it pops off.
The black border blocks part of the screen. Not what I was expecting, and didn't realize until I placed it on the phone already so I can't return.
Ended up with a very cheap, shoddy phone. Wouldnt charge and was not the product advertised. I feel like a scam was being attempted.
Package arrived with parts opened and neither screen protector was usable. One the protective film was removed and one was cracked. It appeared that the item had been previously used by someone.
Pretty to look at, stopped working in less than 2 months. I got better mileage from a 5$ mouse at the dollar store.
Terrible quality. Bubble all over the screen and then it cracked when I was trying to fix it. Dont waste your money.
DOES NOT WORK WITH IPHONE X DOES NOT WORK WITH IPHONE X DOES NOT WORK WITH IPHONE X
The 2nd screen protector did not fit my S8+!
had it less than a month dropped my phone from less than 4 foot (getting into my vehicle) the top of the case popped off allowing the upper left of the screen to crack. the power button has come off of the case so now you if you do not have a long fingernail you cant hit the button on the actual phone. So Now I Will Be Out A Cracked Screen on My Phone. If I Had it to do Over Again Definatly would Rethink this Purchase.
scratched my air vent, keeps falling and moving sideways
Doent fully charge my phone only gets to 75 percent after charging for 8 hours
I read so many great reviews about this product! I ordered it, but it would never turn on- neither the LED screen or the functions of it. I guess I got a faulty one. (My car has 2 cigarette lighters and I tried it in both of them to make sure)
The stereo Jack for my ZTE Max cannot be seen with the case on
Junky, difficult to use, wasted money
My grandson needed this for his car so I'm not sure how to rate.
This product is difficult to install and does not work. Both attempts left me with the adhesive not covering the whole phone. Do not waste $40.
Peice of crap dont work cant pick up nothing here so when I called company to send it back the company refused to reimburse me so thank God I had Amazon insurance
Terrible product, many falsified reviews apparently gotten through hacked accounts. No tools to help put it on, which is essential to putting on the thin flimsy film this screen protector is. And only one set of cleaning tools even though it's a three pack
very disappointing product! In less than a year its doesn't work properly! After 40min of use it turns off, no matter if charged or no! Wouldn't buy again
Did not fit my Samsung Galaxy J7. The case is too hard to force it in. I returned it.
Very disappointed. It was delivered with NOTHING inside package!!
Failed 35 days after purchase. First it couldn't make up it's mind about if it had a battery or not, and would only work if plugged in at all times, and then it just bricked. I used this as entertainment for 2 small children while driving across the country. It worked great when it worked. I had 4 devices connected to it and all of them streaming videos all at the same time without any issue 95% of the time. Of course when the signal drops, it slows down but if it had at least 1/2 signal, it would keep up with everyones demand. If I had good signal at my house, I would consider replacing my cable internet with this.
The kindle kept telling me it was connected to low power charger. I am updating my review because based on my review, the seller sent two new cables. Incidentally, I am not certain if was the cables, but evidence that my kindle battery was giving up the ghost.
I bought these after seeing all of the 5 star reviews, upon receiving them one had partially come undone. I was able to snap it back together but when I tried them out, they sounded like a pair of cheap earbuds I had from a decade ago. I can't recommend these any less. Don't waste your time. I'm going to get my money back.
I am very disappointed in the color and larger width of the one I purchased a week ago. These were gifts because the people I bought got them for like mine
So I've used this Bluetooth speaker a few times and it sounded good the first night but every time after it sounds like a speaker is going out or blowing. It's also not berry loud and the bass is too much for the speakers itself and the battery life is not what is advertised. I'll be giving this a 1 Star review and hopefully be sending back and buying a different one.
None of the cables work. All say incomplete connection when plugged into phone.
Easy to pair but only speaks Chinese. Ridiculous.
I started using this cord about a month ago and it no longer works. I have it in my home office and I don't use it that much and never move it and still I got a little over a month out of it. Not happy at all.
Product does not match color description. Very low quality and poor fit.
It was a mini workout putting this on. Don't buy this. The shear force required to put this on your S5 is not worth it with all the newer phones and cases you could choose from
I gave this one star for two reasons: 1) Thw fingerprint reader does NOT work. 2) After about three weeks, it is loosening around all four corners. Although the item wasn't expensive, I definitely did not get what I paid for nor what was advertised. BIG PASS ON THIS IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR IT WORK AS THE DESCRIPTION SAYS.
This screen protector is not good AT ALL!!! It only has adhesive on the very top, bottom, and a thin line on the sides. This makes the touch screen horrible. Would not suggest wasting your money on this product!
Screen never turned on.. can't return because the return period passed. This screen was a present for someone .. very upset.
2 of the 3 pack stopped working with in a month!
This phone was not unlocked! Three days later and a visit a visit to the apple store and now on my way to verizon to determine what still needs to be done - bummer!!! and not truth
I purchased this item for my son's 8th bday. I'm very disappointed with it. First the portion that secures the phone is not flushed properly at the base plus the piece at the top that secures the phone in place will not snap to secure it. Hence he has to hold the face of it just to make sure the phone doesn't fall out.
Sound not so clear, but other line can hear you just fine. Easy to operate and allows more the one Bluetooth device to be connected.
Add says case is clear but it is definitely not. Case has dots across entire front of case that can clearly be seen.
I have not received this item
Finally starting to loose its good track record... what do you expect though??? This was my 3rd pair since 2013 and the first two were wonderful, but I guess its time for the upgrade. The signal strength is not as good as it used to be, as I move away from the phone. Then again... maybe its the newer technology in the phone. Either way, I will not be purchasing again. Just didn't want to deal with the retracting cords on newer model.
I bought these to work with my Bose soundsport headphones. These generally work, but they frequently cut in and out, making it sound as though you are listening to a scratched CD. Up until I lost the connector that came with the iPhone last week, I had no issues with the headphones, so I am assigning the blame to these adapters. Additionally, the functions on the headphones to pause/play and adjust volume do not work.
STOPPED WORKING AFTER A WEEK, TRASH
The case provided is made of soft rubber and does not provide an adequate seal. Also, for the LG Stylo product is was purchased, the holes do not line up.
Screens broke after a very short period time and after no significant drops. I would not buy again.
Doesnt really fit an alcatel one touch.. Then. Refused refund
Fit the screen but the connection between the digitizer and screen is impossible for J7 2015 version
Totally not worth the cost! Claims to be super durable, had it all of 4 days out my phone down on the table just a little to hard I guess, and low and behold, it cracked!
These things are pretty useless. It'll tell you if it's in your home, but nothing more specific than that. Duh. I drove home. I know my keys are here somewhere. It'll let you sound a chime on the device, but it's so quiet that it's hard to hear. If the keys are between the couch cushions, forget it.
Pros: Installation isn't that bad if you can clearly follow basic instructions, looks great, touch input is great. Cons: Started peeling up within a week, fingerprint sensor doesn't work as advertised. Emailed customer service, and they marked my ticket as "resolved" even though they didn't even reach out to me Would not buy again.
This is my second one. My first one kept getting hot and wouldn't charge up my phone. Returned it and now my second one is barely charging my phone
'Solid glitters on the back won't fall off'... Want to bet? I'm covered in black and iridescent glitter is now covering my face and is all over my car.
It has too many flaws in the image
I bought this case because I really liked the black, white and yellow design. However, the design is scratching off easily across the case and revealing a plain white case underneath. I haven't abused the case, so while it's functional, I'm disappointed at how scruffy it now looks.
The case is good quality but when the case is on the phone the power button stays pushed down. I would not recommend this case. I sent it back for a full refund.
screw stripped within the first use and nearly lost my Iwatch
Junk! Not supported by any iPhone. Dont waste your time and money.
Never arrived and this was a gift I'm really upset
Not a fast charger as compared to similar products in market. Connect and disconnect continuously because of week thread at phone's end.
Attachment to vent isn't as secure as others I have used. Largely this is due to how I far it sticks out away from the vent. Also, the wireless charging isn't as fast as the other quick charger I use. My phone with a very slim case, still drains while using navigation and taking a call over Bluetooth when it's on the charger. I don't have the issue when it's plugged in rather than on this dock.
Terrible product. I never write reviews but I have to write this one. The protectors are too flexible, so there's always a little overhang. And if you bump the overhang at all, it peels right off. The adhesive is this weird spray that runs all over your watch face and yet somehow fails to adequately adhere to the edges of the protectors. I don't recommend this product, it's incredibly difficult and frustrating to install and doesn't even work once it's done.
This case breaks really easily, and i way overpriced
The first time I dropped the phone the the screen popped off and shattered.
Nice long durrable cord. Straight forward install on my Vulcan 1500 classic. Stopped working after a couple months which makes it useless.
Wanted as screen protector, it popped off at some point. Have no idea where or when I lost it
I purchased this even though I knew it was a 3rd party product - I've had success in the past fixing iPads and iPhones. This said, Apple's more recent iOS versions recognize non Apple hardware and prevents proper functioning of the phone. It is possible to restore to a previous iOS backup (if you have one saved) but I don't want to have a phone with an outdated iOS. Much like others, I felt the tools included were sub standard, but everything else seemed like quality.
Doesn't work and I didn't get my money back. Do not but this
It was canceled by the store
Strap broke off as soon as I tried to put it on. Very cheap material.
I have owned it one month and the side bar broke already. I am not rough on my phone, so pretty disappointed.
These headphones did not work and I had to return them. I ended up buying a different brand.
Product came broken and when I asked for a replacement I never received it but did get a refund.
It is very slow charging. Every time I plug it into my phone I get a warning. Also when I plugged it into my computer said not compatible. Must really be a piece of junk
The description says 4 pop charges I received my item today and only got two
This product wasn't too difficult to put on my phone, but it didn't last a week before it was coming off. Will not buy again.
I didn't get to use this because I brought the wrong case didn't know there's a difference in S6 and S6 Active at the time of purchase
This product is virtually unusable with a cell phone case. The application was fairly simple but as soon as I put the cell phone in it's case the the edges start to peels up/off. The adhesive is weak to say the least.
Not to good of quality
This thing didn't even last on the phone. It wouldn't even install properly. I've put this type of screen protector on about 25-30 phones and thought I would give this one a try. Big mistake. Stay away
Not at all what I thought it was going to be.
Poor material, cheap looking. Sent it back
This screen cover is way too thick. I have to smash down on the screen to get it work at all, and even then it's frustratingly imprecise. I'm going to try a different brand ASAP.
Fit is absolutely unacceptable. It is so loose, the phone can fall out of it, despite the fact that it is supposedly designed for the ZTE Maven 3 that I put in it. Immediately started shopping for a replacement. Don't waste your money. I cannot fathom how people have given this thing 5 star ratings.
Instead of the iPhone 6 wallet case I ordered, I received a completely different case for an LG phone. Obviously this phone case doesn't even fit. When I tried to contact the seller, I received an email in broken that didn't make any sense. Now I have the hassle of returning the case.
I tried to use this for a good 15minutes. I still cannot figure it out. Not sure what it was designed for exactly. I have an iPhone X.
when i got it, it didn't turn on
Lasted three months and buttons on screen stopped working. No support from suppliers.
Amazon has the worst customer service I've experienced in a while
I wish I could give less than one star. Twice I was purchased this product from this seller & twice it has crapped out shortly after the return window closed. I would say more but I'm down to less than 20% on my battery so I have to find my travel charger
While I actually like the form factor of this device it simply will not charge an iPhone at 7.5 watts as advertised. I was using a QC 3.0 charger, took my case off, and killed any nonessential processes and it still only charged at 5 watts. This device cost entirely too much for a 5 watt charger.
I am so disappointed with this product I was very pleased with my previous vivoactive I just wanted a different style of watch to look more feminine while still having a Garmin. And that is about the only good thing about this particular watch it's battery life is horrible any little bump will have the thing flying to a whole different screen I would never buy this product again
Product does not work. Would not charge my phone at all.
DO NOT BUY!!! DOES NOT FIT ANY ANDROID/SAMSUNG PRODUCTS!! This does not fit any of my Droid products. It does not fit my Samsung phone. The end piece is made incorrectly
Neither of the cords would work, and there is no returning them, do not purchase.
worked work about 2 months, then wouldn't hold a charge.
Got lost in the mail. Ordered a month before needed. Never came. Canceled order.
2 out of 3 cords consistently do not work, not worth shipping back
This is a really crappy headphone! Don't waste your money!
DOES NOT WORK. Do not buy this product
Honestly I liked everything about it except the fact that the lock/power button is so stiff I was activating my Google assistant every time I tried to lock my phone or adjust the volume. Which was so annoying I would rather use my old broken case than keep using this thing. It did not loosen over time btw.
This screen stopped working immediately -the parts that came preassembled didn't work at all!
This product is horrible! Doesn't fit small wrist. I've had it for only 3 days before it broke. Beads went everywhere. Definitely not a good quality of watch band. Would like a refund!
My case was broken when I got it in the mail
The USB A connectors on the two longer cables rocks lengthwise in two different phone chargers and both the front and rear USB ports on my computer. The micro sides wobble in my PS4 controllers. A waste of $8.
Brought it for the LG V30. Doesn't even fit the screen.
I am so disappointed with this product, after a few uses it just stopped working and wasn't able to charge it at all. So disappointed
It didn't work sent it back
This did not fit correctly.
Connector is too short. When I have it plugged into my iPhone 6s it frequently stops charging because the connector slips out just a little bit. All the cables in this 5 pack do the same thing.
Broke down after a month's use!!
I originally was pretty happy with this charger. Both the charger and the cord seemed to be of high quality and it charged my phone well. However, I started having issues with my TPMS lighting up, despite my tires having perfect air pressure. This happened off and on, and were about to take the car into the mechanic when someone suggested it was the new car charger, that the cheapo chargers from overseas can mess with your car - took the charger out of the outlet, and no more TPMS issues! Just something to keep in mind if you decide to buy this - if your car alerts start lighting up, check your charger.
The print started to fade after a few days.
Ok, within the first week, TWO of my chargers broke! One just stopped charging and the other the silver charging tip broke off! I can not express how upset and disappointed I am with these!!!
I used this brand of screen protector for my Galaxy S6 for many years and was very happy with the fit and ease of installment. So I bought the same brand for my new A6 phone hoping for the same quality product. The glass didn't adhere to the lower half of my screen so I had to peel it off and throw it away. What a waste.
The seller sent the wrong size case and had to sent it back was refunded money. For wrong case.
Sent a product that did not activate with a current SIM card despite claims of being fully unlocked. Tried factory restoring and hard resets but still did not activate.
At first I really liked the phone case. After a very short time, 2 days, the kickstand broke I ordered another one and the kickstand broke on the second one also. Don't buy it
The watch arrived on time. Looked great. BUT after only 1 day of wearing it the battery was low twice and I had to charge it. Durning the night, while sleeping the watch died and when plugged in to charge- NOTHING!!!
Purchased a month ago. My daughter got a phone on Dec 4 th. This is already worn on the corner.
This watch didn't Came with an instruction on how to open it that's the reason why I am returning this item
It broke as I was adjusting it!
It wasn't great when it worked but stopped working after maybe a month of use. Would not buy this again.
I purchased this phone for my son. It came with no bubble-wrap in the box, and the Wifi Antennae is damaged. I tried to erase the phone, but without Wifi, you can't. I was nervous when I opened the unprotected packaging, and now very upset. Now I've read others with similar experience. Avoid at all cost. I'm working with Amazon to get my money back.
My sons phone cracked after a small drop(less then a foot on to a table) with the case on. It said its protector was drop resistant. Very disappointed requesting a refund. 1 star rating is due to Amazon policy.
Received product damaged and seller info included was not useful, provided bad contact info
The phone actually discharges while kept on the charging mat. Would like a refund.
These straps didn't work on my Oculus Touch controllers. They aren't thick enough to stay in the opening and kept falling out. I returned them.
Freakin impossible to put on without bubbles or collecting residue. One of the worst screen protectors i've ever bought
On this phone case. I need you to send me a return lable. It was damaged when I got it.
Cheaply made. Screen is not clear
I was really thrilled when I bought this product I test it like it say in the instructions by the second day I was using it, water was leaking inside
the reason why i bought this cable was because my parents needed one to reach across their room. unfortunately, it worked for only a week before i stopped charging anything. i promptly returned it.
I bought this to use with my essential phone which has PD standard charging capabilities. This power bank cannot recognize my phone and charges at lower speed (slower than my old 2.4A powerbank). And it cannot read if my phone need to be charged, sometimes draining the phone to charge itself. Returned
Wrong size screen protector. I ordered for Galaxy S10 and the one I received is for an iphone.
charges the phone really slow
I purchased these and totally disappointed!!! They are horrible when talking on the phone! I can hear people but everyone that I talk to has complained they can't hear me!! I had old style LG without retractable headphones and was so much happier with those! The overall quality of these are very disappointing!!! I would not recommend theses to anyone!
I ordered these headphones to replace my OEM Samsung headphones. these are very poor quality headphones and are not OEM Samsung headphones the Samsung print on the headphones is faded you can tell somebody tried to print it on there themselves. The quality of the headphones sound is terrible I can buy $1 headphones that sound better than these avoid them at all cost it's a waste of money.
This is a big piece of junk! The band is enormous, large enough for a 400 pound man's arm. The biggest annoyance of this band with that once it on it's impossible to get off without breaking the band! Do not buy this. I have attached a picture to this review what about looks like after trying to remove it. Not to mention I scraped up this relatively new Samsung gear S2. Going to try to attempt a return.
The stickers you attach to the phone allowing you to attach the film simulating an open book just before removing the protective covering was very flimsy and did not hold. Consequently, I had to pull the film off and realign the film to the phone surface causing considerable dust sticking to the adhesive surface of the protective film. Not a pleasant sight and I have experience installing phone protective films. Oh well, I'm very detailed and will probably take it off in the near future as it detracts from the phone's appearance.
Worked great for a little over a month. Like other reviews here music comes in chopping, static, and you have to move the cable in a certain way to keep it playing. Definitely wouldn't recommend buying this product. The sound quality is great but the durability is very poor.
Item is cheap and does stick to phone. Only edges have adhesive
If I couldn't I would put a zero! These cords suck. I bought 2, neither worked after one day. Ordered a replacement. And one didn't work at all, and the other quit after one week. Not worth it!!!
I bought this for my 9 year old son's birthday and could never get it to work. It always said it was offline no matter where I went with it. The signal strength was too weak. It was also locked when I first received it and had to reach out to maker to get it unlocked just so I could get it activated. Either way it was useless and never worked.
Doesn't fit IPhone 6 as stated. Very disappointed
With no tooth, or lip on the vent mounting clip, this unit falls off going over bumps, or when trying to carefully remove the phone. Overall it's very unimpressive in all aspects of its functionality. This is a cheap POS, I'd recommend passing on this item, and looking for better rated, more expensive alternatives.
Lost it after a week because the band wouldn't stay clasped. Terribly made.
It didn't work. Set it up with AT&T service and it couldn't make calls. Waste of time and money.
I waited two weeks. Did not get scanner? Company said roof fell in damaged all scanners. Waiting for refund.
So excited for these, when you apply and “press hard” they slide around causing air bubbles. Then sliding them back into place.... they just slide around. If they were curved I think this would work.
The product has the appearance shown in the store altough it is realy unconfortable to use and never stay in place unless you strangle your arm.
Worked great for the first couple weeks and now wont turn on even when fully charged. So can charge it but won't turn it on. Sending back.
The magnet was broken 45 days after purchase. I only used with my iPhone 8 Plus. Good suction? Yes! I was happy with mine? Yes! Happy with magnet broken after 45 days? NO!!
This case didn't protect my phone from a really minor fall. There's just not enough rubber on it.
I reported a case i bought from amazon missing when it was not delivered to me when amazon said it was. the person i talked to online said that everything was fine and they would send me a new one and not charge me for the first. A month later amazon still charged me again for the phone case i finally received from them. Double price rip off from amazon service department.
This was very small , the kid didn't like it
This product does not fit a standard paper towel roll. Very dissatisfied
This may be a problem with the way I put it on but this did not adhere well at all it fell off about 1 day after install. It was also pretty hard to install. I returned this immediately.
It did not fit my J7
The detachable belt clip - clever on its own because my bf could put the phone in the case screen side in, ostensibly protecting it and securing it to his belt without having unclip the thing. - was too big even with the internal shell. This was not evident until he clipped the whole contraption on the FIRST time and started on his motorcycle to work... It flew out of the clip while he took a turn, the screen protector and the phone screen itself broke, as did the kickstand on the shell. So needless to say, I'm unhappy. Especially since it meant replacing the phone, the screen was far too damaged to salvage, so I spent about $150 after purchasing and using ONE TIME this well-rated "protective" shell, hybrid screen protector, and belt clip that did not secure the phone. Lesson learned?
Was like 3 weeks late and sent me a different pop socket with white background and a different elephant.
does not fit correctly to the google pixel. also cracks easily.
screen became foggy useless
Very poor fit, sizing, and quality. There is no way all of these positive reviews are real..
I have had this charger since August. It has now stopped charging my phone. Still charges the watch though. So now I have to find a new charging stand and it's outside the return window.
I bought this thing and waited for it to ship. I opened the box and what did I get? A piece of cardboard, the back of the package. Not even the plastic cover that goes over the product, just the back to it.
This battery is labeled and marketed as though it is a legitimate replacement for the original LG battery. Unfortunately, within about 30 seconds of inserting it into my phone, an error message declaring it an "invalid battery" is displayed and the phone powers down. I looked for solutions to this issue online, and although there are some suggestions, none worked for me. I am not willing to do a hard factory reset simply to see if that might work. I decided to return the battery and the seller will not even pay for shipping for this item. Very disappointing purchase. I won't be ordering from this seller again.
Bad the touch did not work properly after applying
Only had a month and battery is only charging earbud for an hour or so. Very disappointed
Zero stars would be better. Half the screen wont respond which is so fun......
The product arrived on schedule. Unfortunately the company JL Audio, sent 5 more than I ordered. I suspect they will want these back and I'll be happy return the 5 as long as JL Audio send a pre-paid shipping label to the original delivery address.
I had this in my car for five weeks and now all it does is light up. Started having problems right away with it skipping stations while driving so I started using Pandora through the blue tooth. Yesterday I get in my car I get a message" amp error" and it now only lights up. Should of purchased the warranty package.
The end result does NOT look anything like the product pictures. There's still a ton of white showing. Not cool. Totally misleading.
I bought it to save a few dollars. It was my mistake. It didn't stick well and I would be able to take it off very easily once it is applied. Do yourself a favor and spend a few more dollars and get a high rated one with over 500 reviews. I can't even return this item. Wasted money.
This company wont let you return item for any reason
Terrible!!! Mount snapped off after 5 days. Very disappointed.
Product covers were too difficult to take off. The 1st cover took to long and dust was able to settle on the sticky side and the clean screen. The second cover took off the screen protector. I had the wrestle with it and some dirt got under the protector. Edges are peeling up after a few hours. Works fine for touch but not an easy install.
The positive: The phone came in an apple box, it was wrapped in apple plastic, it looked brand new and came with charger and cable and turned on. However, the Amazon Headline read that it was previously an AT&T phone. However, the phone was locked and AT&T they have no record of the phone IMEI # every being one that they sold. After spending many hours on the phone with AT&T, Apple, Sprint, Boost Mobile, I finally discovered the phone was previously a Consumer Cellular phone and Consumer Cellular will NOT unlock the phone because only the person who originally bought the phone from Consumer Cellular can call and request it to have it unlocked. So, unless you're a Consumer Cellular customer, this phone will NOT work on any other carrier, ever and is worth NOTHING to me. I have NEVER given a rating below 4 stars on any review I have written. This phone will be returned for a refund.
Simply put- it didnt work. Ever. Luckily, I was able to get a complete refund. Why sell something that doesnt work on day 1?
Two of the three cables stopped working after two months.
The screen protector looks amazing however by the end of the first week it proved to be a disappointment. My phone screen is intact but the protector is completely compromised. although the phone screen is not damaged the protector is cracked so badly I can cut myself handling the phone. the lower corner cracked as I put the phone in its case.
I purchased this remote so I could watch my exercise DVD's on my new windows 10 PC. I hoped that, as advertised, the remote would let me play, pause, fast forward, choose the DVD menu, etc without reaching for the mouse or having to stop my exercise. But this isn't happening. Those buttons on the remote are not working with the installed DVD player on my computer, so I am very disappointed. On the positive side, I can instantly go to a web page and put my computer in sleep mode. That's helpful. But the main purpose for my purchase was not achieved.
The charger didn't work at all, did not charge and made the watch so hot. Such a POS !!! Did not recommend, do not buy !!!
This item isn't at all like the advertised product. The fit is terrible and there is a thin border along the outside that doesn't have adhesive. It makes me feel like it should peel off, but it's not the protective plastic. I already got a couple of grains or crumbs lodged along the outside border where it doesn't connect with the device. I also have to push repeatedly in the center to get a response. I'll never order from this company again.
I ordered for a 4G LTE phone but l don't think that this phone serves that purpose. So what should I do?
Don't recommend it at all, after 4 days the adhesive just wouldn't stick anymore causing my phone to drop while I was driving. Once the heat gets to it it doesn't stick anymore.
Only lasted a month before all three stopped working. Don't bother purchasing.
I bought atleast 12 of these cords in last year and they are all broke and dont hold the fast charging.
It went on pretty well but the cut outs and logo dose not line up at all makes the apple logo looks ridiculous. Don't waste your money.
I brought this on November and it only last 3 months. One off them got on fire while charging and I was holding my phone.
The majority of the screen is no longer usable with this screen protector. The touch screen functionality doesn't work anymore.
Received item and it came with a screen protector. Opened box and it was all cracked!!!
I had the previous version of the Speck Case Candyshell I think and I loved that case. So when I got my Iphone 8 plus, I bought this case in Lipstick Pink. It's only been a little over a month and my case is beyond filthy looking and I mostly have it in my purse. My previous case lasted well over a year and still looked fantastic. This is very disappointing as now I have to buy a different case.
The belt clip DOES not fit the case.
For as big and heavy as it is, it should hold a charge a lot better than it does. It barely charges my iPhone 7 one time. Better off buying a smaller lipstick charger.
This cord doesn't even work! I know it's not the box because it doesn't work I. My car or portable charger either. Frustrated but too much trouble to mess with returning it
No one could hear me while i was talking to them with this case on my phone
Hardly any tack, half of it didn't stick. Didn't hold the screen down on the watch. Watch goes on broken.
Infrared sensor worked for about 2 minutes and then it stopped. Wont open up anymore so I have to manually open it everytime, which is annoying but not a deal breaker. Charges fast which is what I like, but the holder hangs down a lot from the heaviness of the phone, doesnt stick to its place. Edit: I returned the old one and got a new one, the infrared sensor worked a bit better on the new one but sometimes would still crap out. The clip to hang it on the vent though wore out quick (had it less than a week) so it would stay in place. If you made any kind of sharp turn it would fly off the vent. Definitely not worth it in my opinion.
This is absolute garbage. The first thing that happened to me in my first package was the sticker on the first protector I tried just peeled right off. Turns out it's supposed to peel back a film to expose the adhesive side. Great, so thats one protector that was useless . Second one it peeled off fine. Parts of the protector didn't even have adhesive, so there were parts that didn't even stick to the screen. Got a replacement order. BOTH protectors didn't even have adhesive sides so the sticker peeled off to nothing. This is garbage. Don't waste your 8 bucks.
This came damaged. The side was cracked and the screen protector was also cracked. Would not recommend or buy again
Wrong item was sent to me. I ordered the rose gold case and received a clear case with red roses. The case I received wasn't even an option to order.
if i could give it no stars i would - everything fell off as soon as I opened it. the seller should be ashamed of selling such crap.
This screen is a pain in the butt to install. Ive had it on for 3 days and it peels up on the corners and the curved edges of the screen. It seems like it would protect from scratches but not impact at all. I don't recommend.
Comes in a two pack and both cracked within an hour of application. Save your money and time!
Ordered for a pixel 2 XL. Box said as much. Screen protectors inside we're about 1/3 too small and had a nice home button cut out. If only I had a home button...
Initially all cables worked well. I used two simultaneously. In a couple of weeks both developed connection issues. Poor electric contact causing my iPhone make power on-off sound. Unreliable.
Doesn't stick to my phone. Came off the first day. Very little adhesive.
the camera does not work properly
Item came with a broken screen. I tried reaching out to the company and I have got no response. Very irresponsible of them
Bottom part blocks charging port and doesn't come undone. No instructions on putting it together
These charging cords are TRASH! It takes a lot for me to write a negative review but I am VERY disappointed in these. The first one I used in my car kept disconnecting. The second one didn't even work. I'm sure number three will continue the trend. Don't waste your money.
Don't fit well. It doesn't charge contact seller they said will send another one, but never receive :(
Didnt fit properly in our Samsung phones or tablets didnt really change well
First of all boss of the screen protectors head scratches down at the bottom and by the time I wasted my second one it was foggy looking in the top two corners do not buy this product I give it a zero Stars it only makes me give it one I would love to have my money back
Not the pretty color on the picture just dull looking
Stopped working by the second day
Used to hand a light weight canvas print. Had to use 4 patches to hold it
Biggest piece of junk ever. Not sure what kind of cans this opens but it doesn't even come close to opening any of the cans that I've tried.
Well, I've given it 6 weeks, using faithfully morning and night. I was hoping for longer lashes (but I wouldn't have given a one-star review if I had at least gotten fuller). I haven't noticed any change. To top it off, the last 2 weeks I have been babying my tube, since it developed a crack/leak along the bottom edge.
Worked great until it didn't! Can't get it to stay on since yesterday. Charged, boot up, then it just turns off. Trying to get support is crazy making. Don't know what to do with it. If I can't get it fixed and have to get another watch, it will not be this one.
Stopped working within about a month of purchase. Wouldn't recommend.
The watch heats up way too much on this charger.
The good - I hear things over Bluetooth. Got both earbuds to pair correctly with iPhone. The bad - A little static when nothing is playing and sound cut out a few times. Instructions were not the easiest to follow. The ugly - Delay in audio. If watching any video, will drive you nuts. I returned for this reason.
Unfortunately I received a bad screen replacement , one of the wire band had splitter and made the home button/Touch ID is not functional. colors saturation is noticeably poor.
Ordered & recieved today only to find that the box was empty when I opened it :(
Updated review- worked for less than a year. Would no longer recommend. Previously- Perfect replacement, slightly larger than original. You must buy the battery separately, which is clearly stated in the description. Excellent value.
Very cute case. I got lots of compliments but after using it only two months it's starting to fall apart. The top layer of case is peeling off at the seams and the closure tab. Very disappointed because I love the looks and functionality.
This is how they arrived... Both screens broken...just for fun I placed them on top of my phone to see if they would have even fit well, and they would be a bad fit anyways...
Lasted less than a year.
Poor quality. All three pairs broke in two months with moderate use.
Fit terribly. Couldn't send it back quick enough
It only charges my phone and the chord is flimsy. It also doesn't work on my laptop usb and I can't download anything from my phone to my laptop. Cost to much for what it does!
It went on easy and fine, but then it wouldn't stay on, it kept falling off and it lifted my screen protector. So I just took it off and haven't used it since.
Thought it was a good tough case but the gray part is jelly and the blue is hard but i dropped my phone and it didnt protect it where the gray is around the edges
This case is cheaply made and does not protect the phone at all. Not worth the $7. I dropped phone once and screen cracked. I have never crack a screen.
Piece of crap arrived in a large package that was empty.
this case has good quality but it doesn't fit the screen. i would say to new buyers to not waste your money on it. thanks
Feels like plastic. Color is off. No brand on stroller or car seat. A lot of chinese writing with no translation on large tags attached to the stroller.
Difficult to put on. Doesnt protect well. Takes a long time to put on. Just buy the regular glass screen protectors that you stick on. The method of putting these on is so unnecessary.
Broke the first week my daughter had it
Never delivered to me.
Cracked after less than 2 months of use. Tons of scratches also.
This product was listed as prime. Still, took more than a week to be delivered . Trying to open case and hard as a rock, I'm afraid I'm gonna break it at some point. No return policy.
Terrible. The picture looks like this would be a foil letter and it's a flat matte. No luster or shine. Dull and the color is muted.
Just wasn't what I expected, not up to my quality standards. Couldn't even get it open to put on phone, ended up throwing it away. Save your money.
The volume button fell off my case on the 3 different cases that I bought. This is the 3rd time this has happened to me this year. And now I will have to buy a 4th case. Don't buy this item. Not worth it.
I purchased this screen saver because of the good reviews. The item arrived, a 2 pack glass screen saver for Apple Watch. I used both screen protectors with the same result, as shown in the picture, the protectors would not adhere properly to the screen leaving significant bubbling. Maybe faulty? One star for product, five stars for customer service. I contacted the seller regarding the issue and they said they would send out another package. Excellent customer service! I will update this review once the new package arrives and I try to apply another screen protector.
Received this “Auto Vox Digital Wireless Backup Camera” in a timely manner, installation was very easy. Took me approximately 1 hour from start to finish to complete the job. However when I first tried it, it worked but there was at least maybe a 5 second delay and I thought I could live with that. The picture was very clear with no interference, and that's where it ends. When i got into my truck to head out, I put it in reverse and nothing! I spent several hours trying to relocate the transmitter and hardwire the wires to my backup lights. But nothing worked.
I returned the item that I purchased this warranty for. Therefore, I didn't need the warranty. I requested a refund. But, I was only given a partial refund. They kept almost half the cost of it. NEVER AGAIN!!! DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!
It Deactivated my credit card so I had to get a new one
I wouldn't bother purchasing this the quality is so disappointing. My keys fell on top of it and it broke can you imagine what would happen if it hits the floor! Wrote to seller and got NO RESPONSE! So for customer service they also get a ZERO
This item is to big and bulky to use.
Isn't very sticky. Would not stick to my wood door. Also if you have carpet forget about it.
I love the design. The colors are vibrant. I've had the case less than a month and the design is rubbing off showing the white bottom of the case already.
HORRIBLE SCREEN COVER. It won't read fingerprint at all and you have to press on screen very hard for most things to register.
Did not like these headphones at all. Do not buy. The microphone does not work on either set. Very disappointed.
Cannot find a stable fm band to work correctly.. Not satisfy at all!
Never received them so I have no idea if there good or not
So disappointed. I purchased these as stocking stuffers and one for myself. I charged it and was ready to go. The very first time I used it I noticed the wires were exposed and they severed and did not complete the charge during very first use. They aren't cheap so I expected much more.
All 3 chargers stopped working after a month.
These fell apart after about 1 month...of course it was after the return window had closed. I do not recommend this product.
Two out of the three cords just gave out only two months into using them. Couldn't really have expected any better for the price...
Charging Port too loose after 4 months of use. We use the square for payment and it would not work. Once we removed the phone from this case the square worked again. The phone charging port plugs into the phone port which now becomes the charging port for both battery case and phone. The charging port on the case does not appear as solid as the Iphone Charging Port. And Four months is out of the return window.
May be my fault, but when trying to use this to charge and Anker speaker or Anker battery this cord is hit or miss. Seems to not seat properly *sometimes*
Lasted less than a year. Then anker replaced it. This one only lasted a few months just out of warranty. I will try another brand
I never received product.
It worked for about a week and then the headphones would not work when plugged in, alerts pop up that device is incompatible with iPhone. Seller should not sell product advertised as working with iPhones when it does not.
It only worked for a month. I would beat up and turn off. Now it won't turn on at all.
I have gone through two of these ear pieces... not because I like it but because they get lost very easily. They are super uncomfortable so they are constantly being removed from ear and then get lost. Find my headset app is no help because alert sound is so low you can not hear it to find it.
Trash didn't work was installed n the bottom fell off
the tape that hold the buttons in started coming off and now its unusable. so that was a waist of money.
never worked at all and I'm now tasked to return this piece of crap for a refund.
End connecting point shorted out In 40 Days. Refund period ends in 30 Days. Not impressed!!
The directions were not written by someone that knows English. the part was not correct. Did not get what I asked for. This destroyed my phone and cost me $900.00 to replace it.
I've owned pop sockets before that I've purchased from Walmart and they were great. But this was such a disappointment. I'm very unhappy with the packaging of this product. When it arrived, I opened it and it almost seemed as if it was a used product. The plastic that protects the sticky side was only half on, causing the glue to be exposed. I followed the directions and applied it to my phone. But because of the poor packaging, when I use my phone the pop socket slides all around leaving a sticky mess on my fingers and my phone case. I am extremely disappointed that I paid $10 for this product. I am afraid that if I continue to use it, it will cause me to drop my phone and break it.
It doesn't work on my phone. Its impossible to text with it on my phone. It's for the correct phone. I don't know why it doesnt allow me to type. We followed instructions to the t.
It didn't even fit the phone that it's advertised to fit! And it's very cheaply made, difficult to get open and probably would crack at first drop. Definitely not military grade!
I'm very disappointed with this purchase. 2 of 3 pack doesn't work. First cable does not charge at all with an error message saying “This accessory may not be supported” within a few seconds. The second charger appears to be charging but then just randomly stops charging.
Took mine out of the box and didn't work, couldn't even here static.
These headphones are too big to stay in my ears when running and are now not wanting to stay connected to Bluetooth. I have had these around 4-5 months and I do not recommend them even for the cheap price.
I have owned this product for 10 days, although I knew it was going to be a cheap product based on the price, I thought it would last longer than it did. 10 days is not worth the 7.99. will not purchase again. lesson learned!
Does not protect your phone. I dropped my iPhone X in this case and the whole back glass shattered.
Followed instruction when product arrived to connect to tracking, and it did not work. Contacted tech support first time, and got no response. Contacted tech support second time and got instructions on how to reset the device and reconnect. Followed instructions to the letter, and it still didn't work. Contacted tech support third time, and was told that my area might be black out!?! (Whatever that meant!) Finally gave up, cancelled subscription and returned item to Amazon! Would not buy again.
Allows moisture to get to iPod.
Description of product is false. Only the cover is included no glass screen protector, it's a nylon covering.
Scam! The protection plan promises to be emailed. Was never sent. Amazon contacted them- still never received e-mail. Something very strange happened. I originally spent more $ on this item. When pulling up order to get refund - the listed price was lower.
These don't work at all. Completely junk.
It does charge the phone, the worst ever. Is not eligible for return.
This product is horrible. Can't charge with any cable. It's refurbished now I know why. Cause it doesn't work. Waste of money.
Got a two pack and both didnt even last a week
I could not get the cover on my phone. Seemed too tight
First one I put on cracked after 10 days and the second one fell right off after I dropped my phone, just fell right off and was to covered in particulates to use again. Completely useless and a waste of money.
This case did not fit my j7 (the old one). The case was too loose and the phone fell out. I sent it back and was refunded without incident
the radio reception is very very poor! I could live with that as i mostly use xm. BUT....The black color.....ha.... it only stayed black for about 3 months. Now it's more like a brass- bronze. This has left me very upset with the product. Hopefully, IF you decide to buy its just for looks and you like the way it fades. BUT i would recommend looking for another brand!
Crap. Doesn't work upon first use. Sending back.
Screen protector does NOT cover the entire screen. Accessories jack is open and inviting dust and dirt as well as the charging port. As far as dust,dirt and water. This case sucks. Military grade my ----.
Glass is too small for screen, does not cover the curved edges and the glass does not completely lay out on the screen. Also noticed a reduced sensitivity on the bottom of the touch screen after installing the glass. Do no recommend at all.
Did not work , switch was messed up.
Don't waste your money on these. Sound quality is good for the price, but the headband broke within a month. I am extremely careful with my electronics, and barely even used these things... maybe a dozen or so times before the headband broke. Too bad, I thought I finally found a quality pair of BT headphones at a decent price.
Did not work.. had a few people try their expert abilities . Couldn't get it to work!
I initially purchased this plan to cover a dash cam from defects, accidental damage, ect, but when it came time to file a claim, the company refused to cover my accidental damage claim, and I had to jump through hoops showing them proof of purchase of my insurance plan, because apparently, the insurance plan ID for some reason wasn't enough. I've dealt with asurion before and I've never had problems like this, so insure your purchased Amazon goods at your own risk.
The privacy screen is not effective. Shaped view but still viewable. Also, the screen doesn't stay on very well. It slides around dnd never adheres completely to the screen surface which causes issues with the functionality of the screen.
I'd love to leave a review but my envelope was empty! I'd still like to have the product I paid for.
I bought this product 1.5 month ago and it already broke! Also, my Escort Passport Max did not properly secure to the clip and kept sliding out. However, this is not the part that broke so the problems are unrelated. The clip that held in the silicon cup broke.
The earbuds are to large, only one earbud will connect to my phone. The earbuds I received don't look like the ones in the picture. Getting a refund
Two cords have stopped working...onto the third one.
I'm returning this item $50 plus $24 for limited monitoring and gps tracking a month. Battery fully charged died within 5 hours. Not the best. Plus I'm out the $24 SIM for the month
Worst battery case I've ever bought, and I buy them for every iPhone I've owned since 6. The top of the case fell off after 3 days. So for a few months I had the case without the top of the battery. I dropped my phone and cracked the top left corner due to not having the top protecting it (with the screen protector on it as well) I would highly recommend getting any other case specifically rubber as the magnets don't hold the top well.
Worked for about a week with my daughter 6S and doesn't charge her phone anymore. What a waste!
I got this for my 2005 Mazda 3 and it did not work. Not only did it not work, but it got suck in the back of my radio and i had to physically break the chord to get it out. I'm just happy i was able to get the damn chord out of my car.
I never managed to install it properly. Instructions were skimpy and cryptic. I wish these products were more user friendly and not made only for geeks. I have used a similar product before and managed to get it to work, so, although I am not really tech savvy, I am not totally inept either. This one was a waste of money. I ended up using a portable wifi during my whole trip, and that worked fine, but was much more expensive.
Chargers worked for two months now all three of them have stopped working. Don't waste your money buying these.
Popped off after a few days. There's only a thin strip of glue around the rim so it doesn't stay on for long.
Easy enough to put on the watch and I'm sure keeps the scratches away, problem is the watch doesn't register anything through it, it can't hear your voice for dictation and couldn't use touch screen. It made the watch useless. I would NOT purchase again
These screen protectors are horrible. There is barely any adhesive to them so they just come right off my watch. Complete waste of money
When I plug this in, the iPad says "this accessory may not be supported" and it doesn't work. Total waste of time & money.
Two of the three cords have already broke, and the last one slow charges my phone. Guess true, you get what you pay for.
Doesn't charge my galaxy s8 like advertised
they hurt my ears and the sound sucks.. really bad wished I never purchased them.
Just used this on a 700 mile trip everything was going good. If I saved a clip I could pull it up on memory no problem. Night time came and noticed it didn't switch to night mode on its own you have to manually do it in the settings, no big deal. Problem is there's a finger smudge on the inside of my lens that only shows up at night. Then I get home plug the camera in to my laptop and no files? Take the sd card out and put in to my card reader and nothing. I will get a replacement and update my review..
Had to update my review as this case was entirely full of scratches after two weeks of using it. Looked good at first but I ended up replacing it sooner than I thought.
The light was great the first day. After seconds it died and the first two low setting were messed up with black lines showing up on my photos 😩 Update. Light is completely no good. Charger port broke off into the inside part of the light. I do not recommend It never kept a battery life longer than 1 minute
Within 2 days of putting this onto my phone it cracked, put the 2nd one on & again today it cracked, that's 2 screens in a week I have gone through & let me add I haven't dropped my phone or done anything that would have caused screen cracks. Save your money & do not buy these.
Battery has been installed 1 week and cycles as the instructions have indicated. Battery is no better that the 3 year old battery that was removed. Phone usually dies half way through the day.
I've had this protector on for three days and it's already cracked along the edge. It also only has adhesive on the edges and the protector itself makes the screen seem gray. It shows every fingerprint and is difficult to clean. It's definitely worth it to pay a little more and get a better product.
Popsocket doesn't stick at all don't have that much grip on the case if you put a popsocket or a screen protective on the back it won't be on there fully
They didn't fit my truck as advertised. Very disappointed. I had to splice the wires together
It arrived to my home in a crushed box even though the padded shipping envelope was not damaged. I took it out of the box plugged it in and then plugged it into my Apple iPad Pro. It did not charge my tablet. Then I tried it on my Apple iPhone 6 Plus. It kept making a buzzing noise and switched back and forth between charging and not charging. I am returning it, what waste of my money and my time. The reviews did not seem accurate to my experience.
Blurred side edges. Greatly reduced keyboard touch sensitivity for keys around the edges
This was the worst tempered glass screen protector that I have ever ordered. I didn't want to give it one star! A total rip off. The screen was only sticky around the edges of the screen protector. The middle had absolutely no adhesive on it. I would not recommend this product to anyone.
Have had it less than 2 months and it doesn't work anymore.
Very misleading description of this case. What you really get is a cheap rubber sleeve. No idea what the 5 star reviews are even talking about.
Not one of these cables works with any of our phones nor IPads very disappointed
Horrible phone always stuck barley works ugh I should have went to Walmart !!!
Sure buy it from a third party. Amazon delivered it by throwing it at my house. This was my second order from the vendor. My first one was left out in the rain. Because the delivery driver was too lazy to walk up three steps. I'm cancelling my prime membership. The product probably works fine but I'll never know.
I do NOT recommend this watch for runners for multiple reasons. 1. There is no way to stop the timer and restart it. 2. The screen is not bright enough to see outdoors. 3. Total time and pace are so small on the screen you have to stop to see it. 4. The app is not user friendly, if you forget to wear your watch for a run there's is no way to manually enter it. 5. There is no manual for this watch!
It worked but it echoed really bad
Very cheaply looking things. Once on my phone case, it was horrible to take them off. All the glue remained on the case and I had to get a new one.
Looks cheap but good hard case.
It broke not even after a month not good
Save your money and buy a different adapter. I bought this a few weeks ago so I could charge my phone and use head phones. Well the adapter is very flimsy. I'm scared it will break off into my phone. As for it's intended use-it doesn't do its job. Half the time my iPhone will say it won't support it, the other half my video/show will randomly pause (quite frequently too) because it thinks I pulled out my headphones but in reality I'm not even touching my phone.
The item was delivered in good condition but when used on two different USB ports on my Samsung flat screen tv to power a fire stick device ,a message was displayed saying not enough power for this device.
Freezes up all the time, no matter what I did, even before I installed anything on it the apps that came with it would freeze up. Sent back for a refund, customer service for BLU gets more stars than the product.
They would not stay plugged into my phone and would not charge.
I recieved a 5 foot cable with silver plug ends not gold. Aslo, it had a huge gash in the rubber so DO NOT ORDER THESE CABLES!
First day my wife got her phone she put it in the case. Later that night, it had cracked her screen of her brand new s8. It wasn't touched she sat down on a table to charge and just the two of us were home. Went and picked it up and it had broken, not cracked, the screen. And no cards or id was put inside of it. 800 dollar smartphone glass breaker. I DON'T RECOMMEND.
Not OEM and PO took package as it was shipped Priority which isn't allowed for these batteries.
It will hurt my ears when I wear it long time! And the sound quality is not well!
This good looking peice of equipment just looks good. If you connect the power cord you cannot fix the phone. There you go
Did not work for cricket wireless, which operates on AT&T
they didn't ship it to me
My phone says galaxy s7 on the back. Web page says galaxy s7 case. Case is too large. I would like to have a chance to like the product. Tried twice. Both times does not fit. Returned twice. Will look for another brand now.
never received my item , waiting on my refund now
Advertised wrong product, doesn't fit on pixel 3. Need refund.
Worst item ever received from Prime. Couldn't even handle sage brush clippings. Jams very quickly. Said it has a 6 inch opening. I assumed I could put pine cones in to shred. The opening is 6 inches long by about 1 inch. VERY DIFFICULT TO USE. However - very safe. I sees impossible to get a body part stuck In it. It also has circuit breakers if it jams. It was also very easy to put together. Over all I would say do not buy it. Amazon did make it very easy for me to return.
I never saw the remote control... Does not work.. I'm not really happy with this item
Stopped working after 1 month.
The case was exactly what I wanted but when you touch the screen it doesn't get it there's like air on the case it's not a place right
This product came broken and now I cannot return it.
After the first night of using this plugged in by my bedside table, I woke up displeased to find my phone's battery was dead. The charger does not insert into my iPhone 7 well at all. When I am successful in positioning the phone right, it charges very slow and my phone will not hold its charge. I do not recommend this cheap product.
These are extremely thick and is very noticeable. Doesn't really adhere to the edges. I'm very disappointed with these. Will have to purchase different ones that fix better from a different brand
I purchased this case in Oct 2017. It doesn't charge my phone anymore. That's why I gave it a one.
It says compatible with iPhone 7. They dont work! 12 year old is unhappy so are we! I can still hear her phone!
ive missed the earphone cover! supper mad.
I ordered this for a birthday present for my sister. I received glass drinking flutes instead.
not a reliable power source, it damaged my phone's battery and almost set ablaze my room
Very Difficult to apply, I followed directions and protector still did not turn out well.
Very bad deal was unable to use,belonged to someone else
This case is HORRIBLE!! The screen protector plastic feels like it's way away from the actual screen! So every letter you type feels like you're pushing on the screen super hard to type or anything. Oh and it's NOT shock absorbing!! My husbands screen is now cracked because it was knocked off the couch onto our wood floor! Spend the extra $ and buy a better case!!
Nice, but became loose and unusable as a kick stand after only a week. Using another one now, we will see how long it takes before it breaks. Disappointed.
On both of these the top right corner comes loose right away. Then dust gets underneath. I don't know if I got defective ones but they are terrible.
It did not work at all. It would not even try to work. Don't buy it because you will be returning it.
This does not fit my phone as it claims it would. The volume keys don't line up with the volume keys on my phone. You can only fit 2 cards in the slot. The cards are very difficult to remove too.
Bought this package of cables for my daughter and night after night she wakes in the morning to a dead phone. Not a reliable usb cord. Cannot reach the seller for refund.
Completely useless. Does not fit properly in the cigarette lighter, keeps flopping over and losing its connection. Even when properly connected the charge is very slow and cannot keep up with the draw of a GPS app
Does not hold a charge as expected. Does not charge in the sunlight.
I have an IPhone X and with this charger my phone would get very hot and stop charging after a very short period of time. My phone had 10% of battery left and this charger never got past 20%. I don't have another phone to figure out if it was just my phone or the charger. I'm giving it one star because on their add it states that this charger works with my phone and it didn't. So within 3 days it was returned. Also I bought a another wireless charger from a different company and that one works perfectly fine.
Very very hard to use fingerprint sensor and oily substance mark is showing in the center of the screen.
This was ordered for Apple watch series 4, 40mm. Does not cover/protect the entire screen at all.
Just got these a few days ago. One has already got stuck in daughters phone and was broken when we removed it. Cheap quality!
Didn't even come with all the pieces
Got a message that the accessory is not supported by I phone. Needs to be returned. Not I phone compatible. Waste of time and money.
Glue is on the outside rim of the glass. Came off my phone within a few minutes. Do not buy!!!
All 5 of these chargers quit working within 3 months! I thought this was a really good deal for 5 chargers but they get hot very fast and they don't last long. I will not be ordering these again.
Can only use for net10 company.
This is my second one and broken again after a couple months. Horrible.
Adhesive completely gave out within 8 days of application, just fell off phone and won't adhere now. When it was on phone the glare off of this was horrible. Phone was almost unusable in car or outside because glare obscured phone. Would not have purchased if not for the "Amazon's Choice", feel like Amazon should refund everyone who purchased this especially since they have since removed the "Amazon Choice" designation. Horrible product give us our money back.
is not what you write nothing is not restore
Band keeps falling off! I have almost lost my Fitbit twice, due to the pins coming off of the band. Thankfully it came off in my car and in my bed, and once at the hospital but I was wearing a sweatshirt so it got stuck in the sleeve. And numerous times during the day it will just pop off. Horrible now I have to buy yet another band!
I have ordered 3 of these now. At first I loved it. So smooth. beautiful. instantly obsessed. I dropped my phone on day one and my new screen protecter shattered. I blamed myself and my clumsy ways. #2 arrived along with an additional one for my husband. A few days later...my phone falls off my lap while I'm sitting and this time my actual screen is super shattered and the protecter doesn't even have a scratch. Time will tell if my husband has trouble. Im very disappointed.
Okay so I was really excited to get these cute little guys and all my phone cords have eventually had exposed wire right in that area so I felt like these would definitely be providing me a service. However, they are far from cute. Which is pretty disappointing. The craftsmanship (or lack thereof) makes them look straight up scary. And then according to the pictures provided on this listing and on other listings for the same products, they show that you are supposed to be able to put the thick plastic part of the charger where the metal comes out into the little dude's mouth but the mouth on all of them is far too small. I have a standard Samsung brand universal charger and it's not even close to being able to fit into any of the mouths. The poor shark was about split in half by the time I shoved the plastic down its throat. And then once it's that way, it doesn't really work how it's supposed to because the cord just falls out of the open slit. Cute idea but these ones are just sad. Maybe if you get the ones that are higher priced or have fewer in the pack, they might be better quality.
Broke very quick. Lasted 3 months....
doesn't charge my phone
The case overall seems really nice and clean but, the only problem is that the fit was too loose and the phone falls out the case.
some of the letter stopped working this was the second one ordered and they did not refund any of them
This product wasn't what I expected, the adhesive didn't stick to all the corners & it was just a mess.
Fake .very bad you can not connect the touch except by pressing hard I lost my money
I don't believe this is a real Lifeproof case even though it has the Lifeproof name on it. I've had two in the past that held up for years. I've had this one for only a few months, and it's already falling apart. The opening for the USB cable was first to start breaking. Then, the gray molding on the sides started peeling. Then, the plug for ear buds snapped off. If it is a true Lifeproof, it must be a second.
I used this thing twice and it already stopped working! So upset my return window closed. I was excited to use this highly disappointed.
I watched the video on how to install and then watched again step-by-step. When I was finished it looked so great! Just like there was nothing there! Because there was nothing there, lol. When I removed tab 1 as directed the final coat came off.
To begin: the watch had scratches all over the bezel; Then after peeling the GPS sticker I realize there's a big ol fingerprint on the front of the screen; then after charging I realize there are 2 runs logged from what seems to be a previous owner back in October. I bought the watch full price, brand new(not to mention for the second time after receiving the first one and returning for the button not functioning). The watches defintely didn't fit the description of being brand new; and I certainly didn't pay a used or refurbished price for it. I really want to like this watch, but I just can't seem to get one without it being put through some wear and tear Update: item was actually tampered with and changed out. There was a slit in the original tape and it was covered up by a bigger piece on the product box itself
Well these are a waste of money. Didn't even last but 2 days and then it started shorting out. Very thin cable which is probably why it quit working so fast.
Literally made my phone fall the first drive...
Such a waste product. I wont encourage anyone to buy this product. It doesnot deserve even one star. Its not tempered glass it just plastic.
The back broke within three weeks. For the cost you would expect better quality. Do not waste your money on this product. It is a piece of junk... I will never buy Urban Armor Gear again.
product didn't more than a week and eventhough it said it was apple certified I keep getting a message tha says this product may not be compatable
never received my package. sucks
My alcohol pads where dried out! And they (screens) don't fit the entire frame of my screen! Will not buy again!!!! Didn't even get a tool to help take the bubbles out!!!
No stars. Product does not fit phone and is not made well.
Adhesive was terrible! Followed directions exactly and it lasted less than 12 hrs.
Would leave less than a one star review if I could. As others have stated happened to them, I got most of the sound out of the left channels only in my car (Using with an iPhone 7). Was fine if I was just listening to podcasts, but music was un-listenable. Waste of money, I;'m now investigating other options. Since it was used in a new (to me) car, it took me a while to determine that the cable was defective, and now I'm outside the return window.
This charger worked fine for about a week (I used it about 3 times in the car for short trips). After using it for about 3 times, it just completely stopped working. I was so disappointed, since I really need one of these to charge my phone in the car. I would not recommend this, as it only lasted for about 3 charges and stopped working.
The case and screen protector seem to be good quality, unfortunately every time I put the case on the edges of the glass lift up and my screen won't register my touch. The reason I bought a combo set was because I had the same problem with another case, and thought if I bought some that came together they had to fit together... right.? Not so much. Either seem to work great on there own.
Nice case but here's the down side. I've only had it a few weeks and all four corners are getting very dirty on the pale pink rubberized part on the front. I bought one for my daughter also and she has the same issue.
the magnet almost caused my phone to loose it's rom please be careful with this case around the razer phone 2
Links broke when adjusted
junk took two hours to figure it out no instructions did not update fast got me lost in manhattan ny for 3hours i pitched it in the first trash can i could find
Ordered these on March 4, 2018 it's now May 11, 2018, and nothing. No product no response from seller, after multiple attempts to contact them...
It was cheap don't buy! Difficult to use I'll go the apple way instead!
I returned it, didn't work for me.
Both of the cables I received don't fit properly in my S7, they will only charge if I keep pressure on. Returning them
I just bought this in November. I only use it to talk on. My left speaker no longer works. I expected it to last more than a couple months.
Do not buy. Battery worked great the first 2 weeks. Now it goes from 100% to 30% in 45 minutes of use, dies shortly there after. It's a complete waste. I wish I could return and get my money back.
These headphones were so awkwardly made i could not get to sit on my head and in my ears comfortably. Horrible design.
Looks nice out of the box. Charges quick and touch screen is very responsive. That is the end of what's good. App that the included paperwork directed me to install is from a 3rd party site. Once downloaded, my antivirus warned me that it was an adware program. I installed it anyways. I then tried to pair the watch with my Samsung Note 8 and it would not connect. Tried other apps and it still would not pair. Not a very smart smart watch. Will be returning.
Connector did not properly fit.
Don't buy, no battery life.
The product did not affix to my phone properly, I tried twice with both in the box. I could not type on the phone well or open apps. It is a terrible product.
It was way bigger than expected, and the sticky strips didn't stick to my phone. It just peels right off. Cheaply made. 😔
The product never came to me. Left a supplier review that, to my knowledge, had not been responded to. It's been 1 month now. Willing to change review if I simply receive the product I paid for.
My husband kept complaining that he could barely hear me and sounded like I was in a tunnel. Throwing this away because I missed the return window. Don't waste your money!
I ordered this iphone case/charger. The one they sent me did not work and I wrote a bad review on Amazon. They contacted me, said they would refund my money and send me another one and asked me to remove my bad review, which I did. I received the second one. That one did not have a charging cable and the charging cable from the previous one would not fit into the slot for the charging cable. I think it's offset somehow so the cable won't actually go in. I think they send out inferior products, then if they get a bad review, send a new one hoping to only get good reviews. I won't be deleting this review. I have thrown out both cases because neither one worked. I highly recommend you DO NOT buy this product.
Unfortunately the product did not work.
I couldn't even set it up
I have had the Bluetooth headset and since I've had it it will never charge properly and now won't charge at all and I've barely used it.
Got lost on the way to me have to contact amazon for care
For the first few days I absolutely loved this case it worked great, then on day 5 the charging port broke and the case became useless, I was very disappointed because I was about to order 3 more for my family, I will now seek another option
This Is not a good product to purchase. I bought them but they do-not work.
First it took me forever to remove everything so that's annoying then once I finally did it didn't even work I tried installing it into my 2005 Honda Accord and the aux nor the usb work so now I'm out 30 dollars and just waisted 2 hours of my life don't buy this
The size and fit were promising; unfortunately the sound quality was not great and the left earpiece couldn't hold a charge longer than 30 minutes, so I am returning them
First there was fake news, now fake reviews. This is not. Protector fit fine. No issues there. But now I find myself having to squeeze the screen. And close to the edges -- forget it. And with no screen calibration for Pixel 3, I'm SOL. Do yourself a favor: Find another screen protector.
Screen came crack but I still installed bc phone was new and did not want to wait longer for a new one.
It is pretty big, so not very good for travel and it loses charge pretty quickly.
The product does not fit well and doesn't work with the in screen fingerprint, i'm really disappointed of this product
Terrible product. Definitely not a fast charger. It's a shame that Amazon suggests this!!!
So i have installed many temp glass protectors on my phones and friends phones. And by far this is the worst one i have ever touched... Now i have them exchange this one and try one more.. and will edit this then..
Seemed like a quality cable and I enjoyed the longer length. After occasional use for about two years, it started working only when inserted with one side up, but would not work when reversed. Now it will not work either way. I have Apple brand cables that get harder use and have lasted much longer and are still working well. This one failing after just three years of light usage is disappointing.
This product makes you scan a QR code that goes to a Chinese(?) website. When you scan code it redirects you to an app which you have to download. Very sketchy. Don't buy, spend the money on a legit apple product.
I really wanted to like the arm band but it was just too big for my arm and my hubby didn't like how t for either. When I would do arm curls it would affect it because it would come to the elbow area. It just wasn't for me.
All 3 broke within one week!
I seriously think this is 100% scam. The lights are so small and weak and their ability to produce the ozone needed to sanitize the device won't happen. Save your money! Nice idea, terrible execution. I feel completely ripped off, I returned it.
After putting the screen protector on I went to put the case on my phone and the screen protector came right off. Highly disappointing
It never synced with my iPhone. The pulse was not accurate. A waste.
I didn't order a case for a iPhone I don't have that phone
The clamps that hold the phone broke after a short period of time.
I would not trust this for waterproof protection. I sent it back.
The audio and charger holes did not line up correctly.
The headphone jack on the cord is really bad tech, the stereo balance is broken(when listening to songs/podcasts the voice is only heard on 1 ear) and the headset controls do not work with this jack. I know it's possible cause the jack that comes with the iphone does support headset controls.
I didn't receive the actual product. Just the plastic insert with leathery backing. Maybe it ships in two parts? Once I get the actual item I can update my review.
Hate it falls off almost dropped my phone
this is a terrible case and it doesn't work, dont believe the fake reviews!
I think the dash cam works fine. I had a hit-and-run and dash cam captured the entire accident but unfortunately my rear cam capture the accident and the quality is really bad. I can not read the plate number. Can anyone help me read the plate number? Thanks
This product is Garbage. Do not spend your money on it. Would not record more than 8 seconds. The 8 seconds that did record had no sound. I am an engineer, I know what I was doing. Stay away from this.
Screen protector made it impossible to use the screen as it didn't fit. The case didn't fit properly and cracked before I had the chance to use it
This product is shit!!! You barely touch it and it leaves smudges!! Also, if you try to tap the letters on the edge of the screen, it doesn't sense it!! GARBAGE!!!!!
I think it would be great, but it won't stick to the dash of my car. I've tried all of the adhesive strips and it still won't stick.
I have had this on my phone for 1 month. I love it. 2 stones have fallen out, one at 2 weeks and 1 at a month. I don't mind, not super noticeable. Update-after 9 months the ring part broke off and numerous stones were missing. Bummer, so pretty at first.
I have near perfect eyesight, and the display on mine was very blurry. The display looks -nothing- like what is advertised on the video or even the product images. I'm so disappointed in the build quality. Returned.
Worked fine for adopt week and then headphones wouldn't connect in the adapter. Very disappointing. Waste of time and money.
This doesn't stick to s***
Updating the review... after putting up with this for a couple of months I finally tossed it. The cradle comes off going over a speed bump, falls if someone bumps it, and almost every time you remove the phone. Yet another lousy piece of Chinese manufacturing. The cradle does not stay in place. It would help if it actually snapped onto the arm somehow but it just loosely fits. Most every time you remove your phone the cradle will drop off. Otherwise, it fits into the cup holder ok.
This is NOT iPhone compatible necessarily... it makes both my boyfriend and my phone glitch only when it is plugged in.
It doesn't work. Cheap cheap and cheaper...do not get this one, burn your money instead and stay warm from the heat.
The USB was configured incorrectly to fit into my 2016 Hyundai Sonata. When I turned it over so that the USB would connect, the audio connector was on the wrong side. Won't work at all!
The phone looks good but that's about it.battery life is a no go.and the phone keeps turning off..very bad deal
The protector doesn't stick properly on the S7. You can see the edges. I tried pressing down around the edges on the sticker and nothing.
Don't sound good at all, tried several different amps and boxes and they always sound bad
This is terrible. I purchased an Apple Watch Series 4 as a gift and this is what I received.
Can't really give a full review with my phone in the case. It wouldn't close all the way and it didn't come with the Accessories it was supposed to come with it only came with the phone case and a weird looking key
Do not buy these they don't last more than a month very poor quality
The tempered glass is of good quality but the bubble forms a groove along all the four sides. This looks ugly on the new phone and defeats the purpose.
I've purchased 3 of these cases so far - all 3 have been defective or have broke in less than a month. The part that snaps is the plastic frame around the screen. 2 of the cases broke with very light use, 1 of the cases had defects in the silicone mold which made it unusable. I would recommend spending a few more bucks on something else.
Compared to (much more) expensive AirPods: - Really mediocre sound. No mids or bass. Shrill - case much bulkier - look totally dorky, sticking out like mouse ears
I have an iPhone 8 and this device will not work with the phone. It only works for about 30 seconds until my iPhone 8 rejects it. I do not recommend buying this it does not work.
I purchased this product before and liked it, even though the liners tend to come apart. I re-ordered these and the new ones, while in the same packaging, are shaped differently and completely come apart when I try to remove them from my garment. The adhesive is almost impossible to remove and what I couldn't remove left an oily sticky residue that ruined my blouses.
this product does not hold a charge at all. i have only used it couple of times. I have left it to charge for 24 hrs. when i decided to use it a day later the light would not come on and there is no indication on the iphone 7 that its being charged I tried different cables with the same result
I love pop sockets but I was sent the wrong color. The package clearly says gold aluminum but it definitely isn't. Just a little disappointed.
DONT BUY !!! I have an appointment with dermatologist. I wear this band and it damaged my skin.
Stopped working after two month, Do you buy.
Unfortunately, the rubber holder that surrounds the edge of the phone is separating from the main case. About half is not attached now, and I've only used the case for a couple of months. It is likely that soon it will break entirely free. At that point it will be useless.
I knew after the first day when I had to crazy glue the cover on the plug because it came apart that it wasn't going to go well for these earbuds. I was right. They did work a few times but conveniently will no longer connect at all now that the return window has closed. Buyer beware, these things are junk.
This is a bad design, does not seal all the way around. The first time my wife washed her hands water got underneath and would not dry. Also made the touch screen unresponsive. Will be sending back and will not be purchasing again.
Two of three cords failed, both of these failed, a prong came off of one. I wouldn't recommend this companies products to my worst enemy.
Very hard to line up. Holes not cut exactly as they should be. Impossible to get all the bubbles out. Case causes the corners to lift Look for a different screen protector.
Product came broken, like seriously! First time I received something broken from Amazon.
The product didn't work for me and I have an iPhone 7plus.
I received the wrong product. I ordered the 5 pack that was supposed to contain 2 x 3' cords, 2 x 6' cords, and 1 x 10' cord. Instead I received 5 x 3' cords. I don't think it's worth the time and effort to go through the return process to get the right ones, especially since I need these chargers now. The cords do work (however I'm not convinced they are MFI certified, they still get hot when charging), I'm just disappointed that the longer cords weren't included as described. That was the main reason I purchased the pack in the first place.
Not as pictured at all, is just a very thin soft rubber, completely not what I expected.
It doesn't adhere fully to my phone. I heard it make noise when I pressed it against the screen while it was applied. The touch sensitivity was good without any case. But when I put my otterbox defender case, it lost sensitivity. And there was a huge gap between the screen and the phone. I have returned it and ordered a better future tempered glass.
Update both earphones are now broken they pop off as soon as they are set on any surface and one bud no longer produces sound. Don't waste your money. I've had these headphones for a total of 12 days now. One set has an earbud that has already broken, the casing popped off several times and the control buttons on the second pair do not function. The microphone also cuts in and out when using it for phone calls. 2 stars because the at least have decent sound.
Don't buy! They DO NOT work! I bought 3 of them and none of them work!
Only part that is sticky are the edges it doesn't stick to the entire screen, and it started to un-stick after a day of putting it on
I charged it up (at least it appeared that I had done so) and then NOTHING. The lights went out. It failed to charge my phone. I tried the power button numerous times, which did nothing.
Horrible. Just horrible. What an inconvenience. Isn't even recognized by my brand new iPhone 8. Getting a refund.
I returned it. I couldn't type through the protector. Maybe I didn't have it on tight enough. Now I have the film type and it works great!
Doesn't work half the time. Would not recommend
this item is not original nor working with my samsung phone. i tried to return but i had to the shipping fee which is unfair at all.
my phone fell too many times
I can't put my headphones or charger through ports for both
these are not the screen protectors I used to order, the quality has gone way down. On each one in the pack, on the first day after applying it got a chip on the edge from normal use ( no drops or anything) which spread across the screen into cracks.
Ordered 3 of these. None are double and none are Aukey. Paid to have them next day shipped. One is a single Amazon. One is a single CHOETECH. One is a single no name. They are all used and they are all low power. Amazon needs to make this right. I will have to travel in 3 days without the chargers I needed. They all came in the correct Aukey box, with the correct Aukey paper inserts. Got about 30 cents worth of chargers for $60. I suspect some Amazon employee ripped me off.
Didn't work as expected
don't buy these...poorly made, my cables were dead one after the other. and i only had them for a month...not worth it! buy the apple ones or another brand that will actually last
These chords are durable and very handy lengths, but are now failing to work.
These are not a premium product. They are so small, not as long as others we have bought for years. We would never buy this product again.
After about 1 yr only 1 is working..save your money and get something else
Sticker doesn't work, and fingerprint reader wasn't working either
No good adhesive it lift off even with proper cleaning
Works for a minute or so, then gets the error, “This accessory is not supported by this iPhone.” iPhone XR. When reading all the 5 star reviews, they seem fake or irrelevant. Hope this helps someone out there, good day.
Not what was pictured at all
Fell off the next day
it is a lot of money for junk - it is not useful or helpful.
When I plug these earbuds in, I can hear a periodic loud beep coming from the headphones so I know that they can transmit noise, but my iPhone 8 does not recognize them. I plug them into the lightning port while my music is playing and the music continues to go through the phone speakers, no sound at all is transmitted through the earbuds from my phone. I can't find them via Bluetooth, I've tried on multiple phones, so they are useless. The item is ineligible for exchange or return, so I'm out $12. Don't waste your money
Thousand dollar phone and the screen is not responsive, by far the worst product I have ever purchased for a mobile device.
The product worked for about 1 hour and then went to a blank screen, researched the manual, spent two days waiting on tech service to get back to me,supplied them an image and they gave me some lame thing like reset defaults which I've already done a couple of times. Waited another two days finally they said send it back. They decide that it's the transducer and supposedly replaced it sent it back to me I hook it up it does the same thing blank screen nothing from a depth aspect everything else works. On to month two without a working unit.
I ordered them thinking that they were the same ones I ordered before. I was wrong it snapped off the lightning connector the first time I dropped it on my carpet. I've done this a 100 times with the others and on issues. Amazon needs to remove this from the site.
Complete garbage. These lasted a few weeks before malfunctioning. The audio quality was incredibly low from the moment I started using them and one side completely stopped working after a few weeks. Amazon should not sell this item.
I brought this phone as a new phone and found out through boost mobile that this phone has been used...it's not right to sell used items as new
Only worked for one use!
This item is not a good quality. Bought if few days ago and the first time I used it, I realized the charging port has been removed. What a waiste of money.
I've not even had the case for a week and it broke.
i ordered Fitbit Alta HR bands. seller sent Fitbit Alta bands which are much larger. the bands do not work with the Alta HR. very disappointed.
I have been using this brand for all of my iPhone cases the last several years and have been very happy but this case for this model is terrible! It started ripping and falling apart within weeks! I bought another one and returned the defective one hoping it was just a fluke but it wasn't... I tried to use the other case as long as I could but after 2 months it was just embarrassing... there was a hole where the eyelet for the strap is and the leather was ripped in many places along the side. I'm so desperate to love this case again that I've actually just bought a 3rd one in a different color with the hopes it holds up! This is the only case I've found that has a strap and the magnetic closure I like! Please please please improve your manufacturing quality and produce products like you used to!
False advertising! There is no tempered glass, it came with a cheap plastic screen that can be easily scratched. In the photo it shows glass but it did not come with the kit. It does fit the Iphone 6 and did come with A screen protector but not as described.
Stops working almost immediately. Music and podcasts stop in the middle or sound goes out. Not worth the $.
Do not purchase this. Both screen protectors have obvious lines going down them. They are extremely annoying. Unfortunately I already opened this and cannot return it..... do not buy
Belt clip broke after 1 week
Junk... touch screen didn't work well
This was purchased fir my iPhone 7. It broke before I could even use it. Very disappointed!
Didn't fit my ZTE Max Blade even though they mentioned my phone as fitting for this case.
DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT. HORRIBLE PRODUCT AND HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE. VERY CHEAP !!!!!!!
The bubble still are visible and it collect alot of dust. It does not fully cover the screen like my old protector. Not impress gonna have to order a different one.
When I replaced the screen the home button didn't work so we had to take apart the screen again to see what was wrong, and the connectors didn't connect very well. The front facing camera also doesn't work, and the sound doesn't work anymore. In order to hear sound I have to connect my Airpods- the sound doesn't work if I connect earphones. Too many problems with this product. Will never buy again. Waste of money and time.
This is an older popsocket in a different shade than the new midnight green iPhone color. Does not match.
It does the job it is suppose to do, however it did not arrive looking new and decent.
Honestly terrible. I'm known for dropping phones but since I put this case and screen protector on my phone has only been in my pocket and is cracked...and the screen underneath is cracked too...not to mention how hard you have to press just to be able to use the damn screen with the glass protector on
Currently got delivered the wrong case. I had very high expectations afte reading the reviews only too see they sent me the wrong one. It does look like a good product but his is not the product I ordered. I ordered the white case instead I got the black one. Hopefully this does not happen to any one else.
Trash!!!!!! Fell of after 2 day use. Has the circle which im assuming is for the fingerprint reader which is very noticeable in the center of the screen. Also is not a good fit the curve portion for the side is not a perfect fit for the phone. DO NOT BUY!!!!!
Cute but just for looks
Product lasted 3 days and stopped fast charging. I'm buying one directly from Samsung to avoid this issue
The description for this item says it works for the Tracfone tcl lx. It does fit on that phone, but when we put the case on it, multiple buttons on the phone were depressed at the same time by the case. This caused a really horrible error that required a reset on the phone, and it happened every time we tried to use or power up the phone. We had to remove the case to solve the error.
I never received my item
Had to throw away my old Fitbit and buy new one. The band itself is ok, but the process of getting the small electronic piece out and into the new shell completely fried my Fitbit. Even if it had worked, the pieces didn't quite align, so charging it was almost impossible due to the side coming loose and falling off. Only one star because I had to for submitting review. Waste of time and money!
Beautiful case, not the best for protection, dropped the phone once and the case is done for. Also not to mention its super hard to install. Would never buy or recommend this.
Item came used as you can see the wire ends for the cable were already stripped. Not only was it used but the power cable provided was the wrong cable! To top it all off the seller sent the kit in shoved in a plastic ziplock bag without original packaging and cords were all tangled up and not tied. Very poor product delivery and very unsatisfied. Sending back and will be ordering from someone else.
bought two.. first one fell off within 2 days. got another one and it lasted a couple of weeks before falling off. used super glue but same result.
Good for people who have long nails. Can't slide the card slot open that easily
There was no installation tray included with the product and it keeps falling off my phone. I would never buy this again.
I ordered 4 of these screwdrivers and all of them were stripped out within a couple hours. Cheaply made, do not purchase unless intended for extremely limited use.
This thing is already inoperable. It has not even been a good month yet. It just keeps blinking red and blue light when I turn it on. I tried to let the battery naturally drain and then recharge it thinking that that would some how reset it. Still not working. I would like a refund or another bluetooth if at all possible. ASAP
It did not put out any heat. I bought this item to add to the heat in my car but it does not seem to work as stated in the advertisement.
Haven't been able to connect to TV from cell phone etc.
Have not received it. It's two days late so far. I'm not happy
Did not like this, not exactly as advertised
This is cheap looking
Maybe I got a bad one... or all the good reviews here are fake... but all my callers complain about the quality of my calls and it's because of the poor performing microphone.
They are no good for what I paid. The sound quality sucks they are uncomfortable.
Don't waste your money. This product is defective.
Apple's original adapter is $9.99. Why would you sell this cheap thing so expensive?
The packaging was difficult to open. I had a hard time attaching the hanger to the finder. The hanger is very thin and hard to maneuver for those with limited dexterity. Unfortunately I am going to return it. Liked the idea of a 4 pack in different colors.
Looked great when we received it, however we noticed the batteries would drain very quickly. After about a month it was unable to hold a full charge for more than a few minutes.
Broke off at the stem between ball mounts first time out.
Item worked for a day then it stop, it doesnt even want to power on, waste of time
These cords in two cases charge my devices slowly and in one case not at all. Inferior products.
Poor quality, belt clip broke after a weeks use.
They only worked for a day. Don't waste your money
Cords didn't even last a month. I just used it in my car for maybe two hours a day.
Not a good Quality product
I never received my product
The pen came with no replacement tips as advertised. The tip is a finer point than my original which feels scratchy on my screen. The tip feels loose as I touch down, it moves.
Accessory not compatible after few uses
I put it on last night and haven't dropped or mishandled my phone once yet somehow it's already got a fine crack in the glass. plus the very edges of the protector won't lie flat on the screen.
First shipment was broken upon arrival. It was replaced and second shipment had one broken joint. They are junk!
Followed instructions... Same day about 3 hours later, the screen protector popped off. Tried to stick it back on but it won't stay! Really upset and not a happy customer.
Accessory not supported by Apple. Don't waste your money.
The cords dont charge. With the 10 ft cord- when you put the phone on it to charge, the charging indicator on the phone goes on but when you come back in 15 min \the indicator isnt on any more and it hasnt charged at all. With the 6 ft cord and 3 ft cord- it will charge, very, very slowly- like maybe 20 % over 8 hours. They are useless.
Already out before the end of the year. Purchased in July. First two lasted about two months and the last one just died. At least they're strong enough to hold my trees up to the fence for the winter time wind.
Didn't provide any form of privacy. Could still see the screen from almost any angle. Made it difficult to pull the top of the screen down unless you hit it at just the right angle as well.
First of all the positives - its a sleek cover and looks great on your iPhone X. But..and a big "but" - this is of no use if the cover breaks down within a month. And that's what happened. The cover has started to break apart.
The navigation dvd does not work. I think it is a burned copy. Also, the disc will not eject from my navigation system. Now I can't use the navigation system till I get the disc out. The product is garbage.
It stopped working less than a month save your money
They fell apart the first time used
False advertising: It does not look like the photos that are showing it's a blurry sticker where you can barely see the glitter
Did not work to program a radio. Was a suggested product for the radio but did not sit with that radio, unfortunately. Didn't explicitly say it would work, but i assumes it was the same as other similarly priced cables being advertised to go with the radio.
Broke at the top again the minute I got it on
Does not charge well. Had the watch on the charger 24 hours and it only charged about 20%. A friend tried charging her watch and her watch overheated and had to cool down before she could see the clock face. When I tried to charge my phone, it wouldn't stay on charge. It would leave charge mode in about two seconds. Attempted to use the charger several time without success.
Tried installing it on my phone, made one small mistake and there was enough dust on the sticky part that it was basically ruined. Total waste.
Cheap phone case, mine ripped and started cracking after a few months of use.
The magnet part works great took it off to stick it and it won't stay stuck. Very disappointed with this product.
This case is a joke! It only came with a back! I want my money back or I will file charges
I bought this for 2 different apple watches. I put one on my watch and it started to come off after only 1 week. I thought maybe I just put it on wrong so I was very careful and watched all the instruction videos. The corners of this one started to come off after only 1 month of use. Once the corners started to come up whenever I would get in the pool to swim parts of the screen would come off. Today it finally gave in and completely came off while swimming. I would expect a product like this to last more than 6 weeks of normal active use. Very disappointing. I also did not like that they offer a $10 amazon gift card to give them a good review right after buying this. This encourages people to write good reviews when actually the product does not work well.
I have not received my refund
It's an ok cord. It's all metal so be careful, I almost burnt down the living room because it touched the prongs while plugged in somehow (probably user error but it's still a problem!) It pinches skin/hair if you extend it all the way.
This was the worst screen protector I've ever used. Just like the other reviews described, only the exterior edge has adhesive so it pops off the screen constantly. The corner cracked in one day. It got in the way of a very simple case. It was also constantly lifting off the surface of the screen which caused touch screen issues. Would not recommend.
I don't usually write review but this time o feel like I need to. I purchased this item and returned because I was not able to used it on my car, when I returned; the seller told me that they weren't able to give me my money back because the item I sent was not the one they sent me, that the serial number was not the same as the one they sent me.. then they said that I used the item, which is funny that they said I used it because how am I supposed to know if I like something, if is good or not etc.. without trying it . Then the last email I received from the seller was that they don't sell.. Horrible experience
This is advertised as a two pack; it is not. Only one screen protector is delivered (also seen in other reviews). The protector makes it hard to register touch, especially near the top and bottom. The screen protector only attaches around the edges with a type of sticky surface and will stick to dust and hair unless covered by back protector. The glass is very fragile and cracks easily. I am gentle with my phone and saw cracks after two weeks. (I think the curved edge is what causes this.
I used according to directions and my phone still got wet and I had to get a new phone bc of water damage.
I haven't had it for long and ids already starting to get turn black, which has never been the case with any of my other phone cases
don't buy the range finder and don't buy the case.
the right earpiece did not work well.
Bought this for my iPhone 8+ and it slides off. I even took my case off..wasted $18 bucks -__-
Would not stay in ears. Poor sound quality. Intermittent beeping sounds. Returned
The ring on this broke less than two months in. It's solidly built except for the small piece of plastic holding the ring to the phone, which seems important. Without the ring, it's just a huge and heavy case. Also, the giant metal circle on the back does nothing - incase you thought it was magnetic or something.
It broke in my purse no even a day with it on
The product is perfect but its too small for Galaxy S9. And it broke after the first fall but did the it's job to protect my phone. Bottom line is that it's a 5 star product if it fit my phone.
I returned the blue case twice now the first time I returned it because I received the wrong size I gotten the Iphone X I got a return within two days that came again the wrong size, iPhone X, I returned the second item and now I have not received my replacement its been almost 2 weeks I still have no received the iPhone XR case that has been returned for over a week now? Twice the wrong size was sent and twice I returned the item and now I have no replacement nor a refund for my money which is almost 20$ so I either would like the case I paid for or my money back or some kind of follow up to let me know whats going on
Great price for all that you get. Had an issue with my order but the company replaced it very quickly. Works good. UPDATE the replacement has now stopped working , the replacement worked great for the first month or so then completely stopped working too. i went to use the car charger and it didn't work at all . i would not buy from this company again
Doesn't work. Don't buy
Within a week of putting the new case on, and the first time I dropped my phone from a decent distance of about 4 ft up - the back of my phone shattered. The case itself is fine, no damage, and in fact appeared to transfer the point of impact directly to my phone (it hit the side of a wooden chair on the way down). I guess that means the case is durable but doesn't mean it will protect your phone. The irony is that I bought this case to replace a similar silicone case that had protected my phone wonderfully for over 6 months and through dozens of drops. It was starting to wear and yellow and I was concerned it wouldn't continue to hold up. Buyer beware! Not all silicone cases are created equal!
Poor product. With light use, after only a month or so it needs to be bent at a certain angle to charge my phone.
Very clear, no bubbles, but doesn't stick and the touch screen capability becomes terrible.
1 star because I sent approximately 5 email about a replacement. I didn't get 1 answered
One out of three was a bit shorter than the others which caused it to not work
Unfortunately in less than 6 months of bare minimum use it's charged when it decides to. It was a Christmas gift and my daughter said it would sometimes charge and others it didn't. So I took it to see if she was doing anything incorrectly but I have the same issue. Very disappointing for Samsung since I found them to be usually a reliable product.
Worked for 2 weeks. Now there is only a purple patch on the mirror where ther used to be video. Would have liked to use it but cant. Wanted to send it back, but its to much of a hassel. Sorry, wont buy it again.
I can drop it but water gets in.
Case is ok but too big . They send me wrong order. Quality of case is also 99C . Too cheap
I got a broken charger. Looks like used mobile.
These don't work. My phone says an unsupported accessory is connected
Very poor quality. Air bubbles remain, fingerprint smudges stick to surface and edges curl up. Waste of money. Do not buy.
You'd need to click/tap hard and multiple times and quickly get frustrated after a while and throw away this cheap screen protector.
Dont purchase bullshit hear piece two weeks and one side wasn't working.
Lasts about 2 months before it starts to peel.
Wouldn't cancel the request when I realized I ordered the pixel 2 version and not the XL.
Bad quality and expensive over all
Case lost its ability to charge after 3 weeks of used. Case will only charge my phone now 50%. Unfortunately I'm 2 days outside the 30 day return window. They will not consider replacement. If so, I will change my review.
Looks great but I was wearing for less than 24 hours and it already fell off my watch somehow. I was out shopping and came home, realizing it was gone so likely lost for good. So disappointed
I don't really like it sometimes is not working.
Item not as pictured, the holster is not the type that allows you to slide your phone in and out easily. You have to put your phone in the holster sideways requiring two hands.
Never received package.
It's not the product that has issues...I have issue with the seller selling me bogus samsung wire. do not buy from this seller...fraud
Each time I wash my hands water gets between the cover and the face of the watch. Will have to buy a better product
Unfortunately I was sent the wrong case...I ordered the note9 case and was sent the s9 case, so it doesn't fit... tried to contact but never got a response...
Never got the product .. said it was damaged in transit
I would give a zero rating if I could because I never received the product. I emailed the seller twice and never received a response or replacement.
Very disappointed in product. Item broke as I was installing it.
I recently bought this screen protector for me and my husband new phone. It came in a three pack and already we need a new one. My came off in my purse my husband came off in pocket. We tried to reapply without any success.
I ordered in November and it no longer delivers a charge as of March. Ridiculous.
I bought two and one does not work! One works great! One does not charge. And amazon says it's not eligible for returns. Beware! If you get a bad one, you're out $8
Got the product broke. The volume does NOT turn up and the connection keeps failing all the time. I got one with defect. I hope the seller contact me once O can't contact him on the options.
I ordered the first battery by mistake. So I paid the return shipping. The second battery I order would not work. 'The case would not fit my phone . So I am paying the return shipping again. I am done.
Buyer beware!! 3 out of 4 didn't work with iPhone 6S Plus. We have two of iPhone 6S plus in the house. Same result for both phones. Can't return them either even though I have prime. That should tell u how confident the seller is about his/her product.
This did not fit my phone, returning.
Arrived with a minor chip on the frame but I applied it anyway as many of the screen protectors I ordered had worse breaks Shattered in multiple places when dropped a few inches into box of electronics.
I've tried these with 2 different iPhone 7s using old iPhone ear buds and Bose QC3 headphones and it works for about 45 seconds then an error saying the device does not support the accessory pops up.
After 2 weeks or so, the first one's right ear was out of use. Somehow the wire was broken right at the volume adjustment. More than a month later the right ear (again) of the second earbuds was broken. This time it was not the partly wire right at the volume adjustment but probably inside the bud. I just wasted my money.
I wanted something that would have the cut out for camera and I got that but had to ruin 2 of 3 pieces even after the video. No way to contact vendors.
This product did not work. We tried using them with several devices and the music kept cutting out so we were not able to use them. The only reason they even got one star is because Amazon made us give at least one.
This product is not worth a god damn. I would not recommend this to anyone unless you want a Bluetooth connection that may or may not work from 6 feet away. If I could give it negative stars, it would be negative to the infinity.
Screen was garbage. Caused the phone to boot loop
The case feels really cheaply made. The volume buttons stick out and bend the other way. Doesn't work.
Unfortunatley this charger takes all night to fully charge my Apple Gen 4 watch. The one that comes with the watch charges in about an hour. Can not recommend.
They did not last long at all.
Cracked incredibly easy in corners and across the front part. Screen unresponsive at times and interferes with FaceID on the iPhone.
I got this power bank because of its quick charge capabilities. Unfortunately I have many problems using the power bank. It often turns off and stops charging my phone. Different cables and devices didn't solve the problem. I have a Xiaomi power bank and never experienced similar issues.
Item arrived broken i didn't have a chance to use it even once. Amazon Choice? Very Poor.
Product stopped working after 6 months Attempted to contact seller no response Bought a replacement it charges but does not stay clipped to vent
Not very happy, it would not charge my phone
Terrible. Highly visible on top of the screen, does not fit the screen properly and has a large bubble under it. Horrible product.
Doesn't work after a couple weeks! Never charged very fast at all and then stopped working.
These do NOT stick at all! You can't even open the pop socket without them pulling completely off. Terrible.
This band did not fit my Apple 4 watch fits huge
What a piece of junk. Doesn't cover the whole screen of my phone and won't stick to the screen. This is going back!!!
Neither of these works. When I plug them into my phone they don't "take over" the sound. The phone doesn't recognize that a headphone has been plugged in. Totally useless.
I had to return this product because I dropped my phone and the phone was damaged due to the poor quality of this case.
Took protectors to a phone store to install. the guy used up 2 because he couldn't put it on the first time. At first I thought it was his fault but then it fell off after a week. I attempted to put 3rd one on and it feel off after a day.
Horrible product & the middle part was white not clear like in the picture. Also, no directions or anything in the package. I've already initiated the return for this product.
Not only is it particularly difficult to remove the second layer from the screen once it's applied, as described by other reviews, the film causes a terrible grainy effect on the screen, similar to what matte screen protectors do. Super disappointed. Total waste of money.
I had to take the screen protector off because is so difficult to use my phone with it.. and I bought this product a week ago.. I'm so disappointed of it product
Doesn't even work, junk
I do not recommend buying these screen protectors when you peel them off the screen protectors sticked to the number 1 I wasted all 3 protectors in 5 minutes.
2 came cracked and the one broken within days
Junk cracked after a few days
Liked this case has mirror and card storage
Arrived damaged with dirt and black stuff all over the sticky part. I can't even use it and there are no refunds of this item. Waste of money.
Have been using it one day and it keeps on falling off. Caused me to crack my phone. Very poor quality. Very expensive mistake.
I ordered this and another and never received anything!
Not a fan at all. It looks cheap and diminishes the look of the Fitbit. The rosegold one makes the Fitbit look like a low quality watch. I'll just trash it...it costs almost as much to return it as it was to get it 😒
Would not recommend. Dropped my phone with this case on, and the back shattered. If I could give it zero stars I would, because now I have to pay $400 to replace it.
worked wonderfully until i put an actual phone in it and hit the road! 30 minutes into my trip, it fell off dashboard, under my feet, while on the highway! disaster waiting to happen! can only imagine what would have happened if it rolled under my feet! YOU'VE BEEN WARNED!
The grips are angled in a way that does not grip standard car ventilation. After a couple of days, the grip is gone even though the knob is completely tight. I don't recommend this for anyone with a standard/small card. On a positive not, my phone never came off of the magnet, so it is definitely strong.
Received this case on Thursday and the wood panel peeled off on Saturday. I would not reccomend this product.
Complete junk had an att and Verizon phone hasnt sone anything for better signal for either. Save your money go else where.
broke after using four times
Stopped working after two uses.
The blue tooth cuts out if anything comes between it and my phone. So if in pocket, it skips like crazy..
could not use any of the buttons on my phone because this case has no give for the buttons. There are shapes for the buttons but they don't push in at all - it just a solid piece
I rarely write reviews, but all 4 cords were not working one month after purchase. I would have never expected that to happen. Sorry for the negative review. :-(
This item doesn't stick I have cleaned the surface before use and let dry but still no luck I've tried to reach out but it wouldn't let me contact anyone kept give the error message “this item has to many review sorry no reviews or contact at the moment”.
It doesn't work in my BMW!!!
Very cheaply structured... felt like it would break when I tried to swivel it. Will only hold the phone horizontally and thought it might damage my dash the way it clips on, so sent it back.
Plugged it in to my pixel 2 and it said it was an unrecognized analog device. Doesn't do what it says.
Dont waste your money. Second on cracked also!
It went into workout mode and wouldn't leave.
You are unable to hear on all calls and they are unable to hear me. Sound very low and garbled.
The screen had a white film on it before it was even put on my phone. Nothing like cleaning your phone to put a dirty protector on it.
Returned this, I could not get the buttons to work.
Very slow charge and stop working
This product loses its adhesive hold very quickly causing the screen protector to lift and eventually fall off. I did follow all the steps to install this screen protector properly each time but, this product failed.
I received a package with no phone case inside. VERY DISAPPOINTED that I have to go through dispute process! In addition, I needed the case for my trip, which I will not be able to re-order on time. Very bad QC!!! Do not buy from this vendor
Watch froze and stopped working after only three days of use. Called support and was told I needed a replacement due to watch malfunction. Worked okay prior to that other than light function never turned on with movement of wrist. Had to plea to get a shipping label without being charged. I'm not sure I want the product now.
I accidentally dropped my phone (not hard or far) and it cracked. I've only had this on for less than a week. The privacy part of this isn't as good as my previous screen. I'm really disappointed on the quality of this protector. I'm purchasing another screen from the company I previously had.
Screen cracked to quickly
Have only used 3 times. it still looks brand new. Pixels down about 10 rows .. the entire row no longer works. Unit is still usable. But, light used, mostly stored in a safe container - no damage nor mis treatment. I expected more from GARMIN. Garmin - are you willing to warrant this unit??
Sound with music is fine phone calls don't work
I'm actually quiet disappointed . I got this product today and when I opened it the part that's sticky already has lint on it . I thought it was the front side(not sticky) I dust it off but it wasn't that. As I took off the big piece of lint it was already embedded into the screen protector so that part is not sticking on to the screen. Air bubble just staying there . Disappointed.
The sound is very bad!! Before i had a moto G4 and the sound is nice, i thought this cell is better but not... I put the max volume and i can hear the external sounds... Don't buy if the music is important for You... I regret...
Total junk broke both of them while putting on my zizo case Very dissapointed
Fits phone really well Needs a rubber backing or something to keep it from sliding all over the place I ended up having to take it back off and put my Otterbox back on because it would just slide all over the place in my truck
Phone fell on the ground and not only did this glass cover shatter so did the phone screen. Not protective at all. Fell from pocket height.
Warranty process is misleading and unclear. Have asked for warranty replacement multiple times and only received automated responses.
Complete waste of money. Fingerprint reader never worked. Buy at your own risk. In summation, it's a very disappointing product.
Not even a month that I bought this and the screen already broke in 2 parts. There are better brands.
Does not form an electrical connection so it won't recharge the watch. Both cables behaved exactly the same way - you can only push them in so far, then they get stuck without connecting (by contrast, the stock charging cable connects with an audible click and charges the watch just fine).
They forgot to include screen protector
They are made of solid rubber/ plastic that easily pull from the head unit. Fit bit bands have at least a little metal that securely fastens to the watch itself.
The adhesive sticks well but putting a mount on there bounces like crazy when you're driving. The piece in the middle is just too weak.
Didn't work well at all. I tried to charge my phone one time and it only charged 3% in like 15 minutes. Tried to return it but missed my return window. It cracked split open for no reason, made from cheap material. It was a total waste of money.
This is a fake Popsocket, if you want one that actually sticks buy the original. I didn't notice and bought this one, it didn't last a day unfortunately. Very disappointed.
Did not receive the package. It's been a week and still nothing in the mail.
great physical condition! Only problem was the phone was locked by Sprint.
Wife dropped her phone (iphone XS) flat on the tile floor with this case on it and the back glass cracked. Terrible case- does not provide adequate protection at all! Now we get to pay $200 for a new back glass and have to buy another case that will actually do its job. Stay far away from this case!!!
N.Y. package got delivered to the wrong address and i have been fighting to get the post office to do something aboit it. Im not a happy camper right now
I've been using screen protectors like this on iPhones and iPads for years, so I know it can be a bit difficult to get a clean, bubble-free install. However, this one is the worst: installing on a brand new Apple Watch with a perfectly clean screen leaves a bumpy, bubble-ridden, cloudy mess no matter how you do it. Since this screen protector is the consistency and stickiness of Saran Wrap(tm), there's no way to smooth out the inevitable constellation of bubbles. The only positive thing I can say about it is that the oleophobic feature is indeed nice -- the surface doesn't collect fingerprints. (Somehow this was one of the top-rated items when I ordered it, and now just 3 days later it's down to 2 stars... maybe a bunch of old fake reviews were deleted?)
Now, I understand you get what you pay for but this is just bad. I have put screen protectors on fairly often at work and never have any problems with it. These are so cheap and will leave a lot of air bubbles. Good luck
its not working after couple of weeks
Phone wasn't working so I sent it back because I waited to send it back they don't owe me anything and kept the phone ???
Lasted about half a year, now won't charge. Crap.
Dropped my phone and the case did NOT protect my phone from cracking.
Sadly this does not stick very well at all. I think I might super glue it to the back of my phone case because I really like the concept!
Stopped working in less than a month.
This product worked for 5 months and it suddenly stopped working. The unit powers on and there is no sound. My unit was professionally installed.
Bad product in every way i throw it away is not good to give it away ..this product is a fail
After reading the mixed reviews, I decided to try it anyway. Waste of money. I've tried 2 out of the 3; the first one lasted about 20 minutes and simply fell off. The second went on with a bubble right in the center, but then fell off anyway in about an hour. So disappointed. I haven't found a good screen protector anywhere for a Google Pixel! :(
The seller did not fulfill the entire order.
The screen protector looked and felt like a flimsy piece of soft plastic material. It was not the hard glass protector material that I've found easier to install in the past. However, I could not install the product because all of the parts needed to install it (wipes, squeegee, other?) were not included in the package. There was just the screen protector and the soapy solution. It did look like the package had been opened previously.
Does not stick. Cracks easily.
Have had the case for a month and it cracked. Not made well. Definitely disappointed that the return window is closed, or I would definitely be returning. Would not recommend.
The back of the phone bends/dents too easy. The phone runs great but it's not durable. You definitely want a good sturdy case fore this phone. I would spend the extra cash and buy a different phone.
Works OK when warm. But when cold out, it never works. I have to heat it up to get it to work. Tried a new battery. No luck sadly. Contacted them and they said that is normal.
They were exactly what I was wanting. They worked amazing... for one week, then they wouldn't charge anymore! I tried multiple cords and blocks, the charging case will not charge anymore.
The microphone does not work
What a piece of crap! Just fell off phone within an hour! Updated I put the second screen on, and you can literally hear it peeling off! Btw I have never reviewed a product, but this is literally the biggest piece of sh*t you will ever buy! So please don't! Peace!
I didn't received the Honor 6x case
I have honestly gone through all 3 within 6 months. AND that is only because I did not replace the screen as soon as it was damaged or cracked. I would wait until the screen was REALLY bad. The first one that I put on cracked along the edges within the first 2 days. I should have returned them then. Don't waste your money.
Charger can't be trusted doesn't go down far enough. Thought my phone was charging and said it was still dying. I have to keep pushing it down to get it to work or hold it
Doesn't stay in my ear.
One of the chargers stopped working within a few days of arrival. The other two are still working, but I do not expect they will last since one did not. Would not purchase again.
Ordered Air and received Titanium
I bought 2, neither work at all. The plug just falls out of my nexus 5 phone.
Hi, I'm the wife of the fool who bought this item - and disregarded the 1-star rating. He also didn't see that there were only 4 reviews. All those crap reviews were dead on. So here we are on our journey to getting something that works!
This thing is horrible! Getting static like crazy with it fully charged, full phone signal, and phone in my pocket. Complete waste of money.
I've tried returning this item for the last 2 wks with no response from anyone. Wont buy from this seller again.
Good evening, I regret to inform you that I did not receive the product that I bought, although it appears delivered on the amazon page, I did not receive it, so I filed a claim in amazon and they informed me that they would process the refund of the money. The experience was not at all satisfactory, because today I did not receive the product. best regards;
Not even a like bit magnetic.
This is the second one I have purchased and this one stopped working after a couple of months. I have my old one and it still works, must of got a lemon the second time around.
Wouldn't have ordered from these people had I known it takes them over a week to actually ship the item. Do your job and ship items in a timely manner. People are giving you their money.
I just got this so I can't comment on the durability. Why do they say it's made out of glass if it's plastic? Pretty annoying, I'll probably be returning these. The search for real glass continues... continues
There was nothing in the package we did not receive
was not at all what it was wrote up to be . I was very unhappy with it
This product will not work in any outlet or plug strip I've tried.
These worked great, for a week. Then I had to have my phone sit a certain way to charge and even then it barely worked. Less than a month and they've all stopped working.
Did not fit the watch that I very carefully made sure I had the right size and generation of. Very disappointed.
I have only had these like 10 days & im mad I cannot return them. They are crap - do not waste your money. These are not certified as the listing says. They lied. They look pretty, but literally do almost nothing & im afraid they have damaged my battery some. I switched back to my old chargers & already it's charging 100 X faster (yes, really! I did the math). I would rate “0” stars if I could.
These are absolute trash! I've had them for a week and all 3 of them are not charging my phone anymore. I'm frustrated. Do not buy. Waste of money. It tells my phone and iPad that it can't be supported.
Dead on arrival, would not turn on.
I gave it one star because their isnt a 0 ,google translator for free works better . tried to use this in mexico , junk and Romania , junk . its just trash and a bad buy.
I spent the money in a screen protector that doesn't have the exactly same frame as the screen.
Put in my Galaxy S8+ and worked great for a little while. Then I had to take out my SIM card and when I put back in, all the sudden the SD card was corrupted and unusable. Phone had me reformat card and lost everything I had on it.
This case is so slippery and so cheap and no use the case fell on the floor and go crack two times this case sucks and so bad
It's not the item I asked for it's for a galaxy s10 and in the discretion says it's for a galaxy s10 plus.. can I get some help here please
Did not stick well on the rounded sides of my s7 edge. Both protectors lasted less than 24 hours.
I was expecting a hard case this is not it.
Bought this case for my daughter it's very cheaply made provides little to no protection for her phone. Does not look like the picture.
I just tried to add airtime to my phone and I have to give my credit card number to customer service over the phone. Can't add Airtime using the phone itself and no retailer has phone cards for this service. Really bummed. I really like the phone itself :(
Stopped working within two months of use. The cords were always taken care of so I'm not sure why but both of them aren't able to be used anymore.
I just got this and isn't the right size i tried to return it but surprisingly i can't not. This is unbelievable I'm a prime member and have had no issues before, so disappointed
This damn thing won't charge my watch. And it's made so much more cheaply than the real Fitbit charging station. I'm so unbelievably upset about this.
I'm humiliated that I even ordered this. I obviously didn't read the reviews or the fine print! I've just opened the package, and it doesn't work. I actually see adhesive from the packaging stuck to it. To add insult to injury, THEY DON'T ACCEPT RETURNS!!! No wonder - everyone would be sending it back and they'd out of business.
I didn't like it because there is no fitted excellent
If it actually arrived I might not hate it; as it didn't arrive packaged with a book I do not hate I do hate it!
It is slim and good looking but my phone cracked when I dropped it two feet. It was dropped a second time and this time the case cracked. It started to fall apart by the rubber disconnecting from the glass. I do not recommend.
It does not per from the way it should .
The order came broken What do I do now?
These pop off the first time you drop the phone. The install was easy and the glass looked good for a day or two.
This phone case didn't last very long at all. It's Le easy started ripping after 3 months.
Not even 2 months and it broke. Nice job guys
Did not work withy pixel 2, like not at all
Mount does not appear to be designed for the Oculus. You can get a regular hook to work just as well. I used these mounts to hang some cables on.
Junk Junk I would give it zero stars if i could only had it a few weeks and they both broke life Warning Yeah right
Thought the price was pretty great for three cables and wasnt too worried about them tearing since they seemed heavy duty. I've only used 1 out of the 3 cables in the past month, and I'm already having issues with charging my phone. The one cable keeps causing my phone to continuously make the "charging" sound because it's not actually charging my phone properly. Very disappointed with how the product turned out. Save your money and buy a higher quality product instead.
Didn't stick to my dash...
Sleep tracking: this function has a massive delay, means hours after you wake up, it doesnt show up on the app Not capable of tracking any type of workouts, if it is, its too complicated to figure out. only nice thing about this product is the water proof-ness
This item worked fine for a week or so before it stopped working completely out of the blue. I verified it was this part that was not working by using the same cord and another device . Thankfully it was $5 and the worst part will be waiting for the new one to show up from any other company but this one.
I bought this because of all the reviews made it seem like it was such a great product. I wanted privacy because my bf is super nosey, always trying to read my messages as I text. First off this does come with everything you need to install it. I really liked that. Installation was simple and very easy. The first few days I didn't really have a problem with it, outside of the fact that fingerprints did stay on the screen rather easily. My problem arose when the screen protector came off. I didn't notice until I went to use my phone so I have no idea how long it was off. I cleaned the screen and put another one on, and not even 2days later it started to come off again. Although the screen works well, clearly it does not have enough adhesive to keep it stuck to the screen. I won't be buying again. I'm now on screen protector #3 in less than 2wks.
It's a ugly case and does not have a kickstand on the case itself. I sent it back for a refund.
front had a scratch couldn't clean up with anything.. Have to take off when i type on my watch. not sensitive enough.
Two of them not working right out the box, piece of shit product.
Tips are not large enough. Slide out of iPhone and tablet with ANY movement. After 6 weeks I have thrown most away. They simply do not connect power and device. I've cleaned both devices of any possible lint or dust. At least 4 never worked at all.
Does not fit LG V40 ThinQ phone. Very difficult to position, both sides of film sticky like packing tape. Air bubbles do not fade as indicated in packaging. Grand waste of money.
Got them in February and the cords stopped working in May. 👎🏽
Less than one month and it is already broken. Waste of money.
Wrong product was sent! What a waste of my time!
It didn't last a year. It started malfunctioning.
It supposed to keep track of my steps, well it doesn't. Matter of fact it's got a mind of it's own, it reads a pulse of 75 even when I'm not wearing it, but no steps tracking or calories burned. Yes I downloaded the app and it connected and I tested the connection by placing a call through my phone. I played with it for a few hours and not one step was tracked. Needless to say I am returning it and looking for something better
The phone keeps reboot itself since I bought it, and it's completely dead after one year of use.
I like the concept of how it's mounted. The rubber is too rigid. A plastic part broke off on its second usage and deemed it unusable. I wouldn't buy this item again. It needs further strength testing and is in its infancy in terms of development; not ready for market...sadly.
I've had this charger for about 2 months. It does not work anymore. No matter what wall outlet and cable I use, my phone will not catch a charge. Don't buy this.
Horrible went through 2 screens already. Put one on this morning and already cracked. Can't give product no star rating, hence the 1 star.
Two of them broke after the first use. Other ones will probably follow suit.
didn't fit but I use the liner anyway without the outer plastic
This is not a terribly expensive RC car but it should last longer than a dozen uses. At first, it worked well (understanding the limitations in this price range). But, I suspect that the internal gears are plastic. At first, it was 4WD as advertised. Now, it is only FWD. I think that the gearbox simply wore out. I bought 2 and both suffered the same failure. It's a fun little car at first. Works just fine. But, even at this price range, I expect something that does not wear out so quickly.
Don't know what happened but I never received this. It says it was left inside my mailbox, but must have gotten lost. Don't know what happened. I'm just going to reorder it because I really like it. If it happens again I guess I'll demand my money back
Did not fit the galaxy s6 edge. I returned.
Track did not work. Filed complaint. Company sent new cars. That did not resolve the issue. I opened up the case to put batteries in and found one of the wires was not connected which explains why it did not work. Company has not responded to my 2nd and 3rd complaint.
It's not worth your money. It didn't last a week and when tried to the second screen protector, it cracked. Don't buy it or waste your money on it
They don't last. Chargers should last longer then 8-9 months not these. The ends start to separate and then they are no good. I only used them at night so this is a horrible product don't buy them.
The gloves were suppose to keep u warm, well in this case I was very disappointed in the product, they kept my hands cold, I use them to throw salt, only to realize that the gloves don't keep ur hands warm.
IT worked for 10 seconds and then IT would shut off
Used it 3 days and the strap already broke! Very disappointed
It rarely works. I unplug it and plug it back in with occasional success, but then it just quits again. Quite possible I just received a defective one.
Takes FOREVER to charge phones, even with only 1 plugged in.
My fault I bought the used one just thinking it was a broken box according to the description. No it was a screen protector someone used messed up. Used same screen protector for my wife's phone and could tell as soon as I opened it. And when it pulled away improperly I could tell all was lost. Still put it on my phone but it was awful just going to Best Buy lost faith in Amazon since they certified this junk.
I was so excited to have a bluetooth converter that automatically turns on/connects to my phone when my car is on. Unfortunately the quality of the product is severely lacking. Right out of the box the wires were finicky about which angle they were when plugged in to operate, the lights would flash on and off and lose power/aux connection constantly. Seems like bad wiring/connectors. Had to send back.
Worse case I've ever brought!!!! Provides no protection for the phone and started to crack and break at the corners when I attempt to remove the phone out of the case.
Worked well first few times, only complaint is slow to charge on solar, however today I plugged it in to charge and an hour later it has stopped working completely.
Worked for less than 30 seconds then stopped. Other one didn't work at all. Absolute waste.
Bought it and it never came to my address on the proper date. I had to leave for a work trip and never got it.
Sorry to report that watchband was missing from my order. I was very disappointed and have made contact with Amazon about the item.
A lot of buzzing noise in the background
only 1 of the 4 cables worked....tried multiple chargers to confirm....the 1 working cable eventually stopped working after a few weeks. I guess you get what you pay for
Battery did not power up my watch .
It's a nice case but it does not protect the front at all
Terrible!! Worked the first time I used it, once the battery died it hasn't turned back on
The thrill just isn't there in the first place!
I was excited about this screen privacy protector but it does not work. The screen protector is just a darker shade and others can still actually see your screen clearly from different angles. It just makes the screen more dim. Others should not be able to see what you're doing on your phone even if they're sitting right next to you. Also, the screen protector is too thick and makes it difficult to navigate on your phone.
Disappointed to have to write this, but I have to warn people as potentially hundreds of dollars in damage is at risk when using this case. I can confirm on two separate occasions this specific case being the root cause of my 2015 and 2017 iPads from bending. It doesn't happen immediately, but in both my devices it was after a month or so with the case on. On the 2015 it was slight, but I knew it damaged my 2017 as it was actually a brand new refurbish I had recently acquired. It went out of the packaging straight into the case. Kept solely in the house away from any other products, so there was no reason for it to get bent. The case is a super tight fit around the iPad. And while I once thought that was a positive, it obviously is a huge design flaw which will damage your very expensive tablet. Thank goodness I opted for AppleCare on mine, so it was a relatively painless device swap. BUYER BEWARE; you will risk bending using this case for prolonged amount of time. I'm not even sure other buyers have noticed, because it was very slight on one of my tablets. It wasn't until I removed the case that it was obvious some bending had occurred.
Poor quality. Charging worked. But the Aux cable wouldn't register.
Not super impressed with this case. I have never cracked an iPhone. I've owned one for years. When I upgraded to the iPhoneX, the case I usually buy wasn't available yet so I got this one. My daughter knocked my phone out of my hand accidentally and it fell on the Walmart floor. I wasn't worried because my phones have taken worse hits but when I turned it over I could see a crack on the back glass. When I took it out of the case the top corner was shattered. The corners are supposed to be the most cushioned. This case didn't protect my very expensive phone at all. The rubber frame is also starting to pull away from the hard plastic back and I've only had it for 4 months. I will be purchasing a different case from another company. I gave it 1 star because it is a cute cover and I like that the back is clear. Otherwise I wouldn't give it any stars at all.
Back scratched very easily only had it a little over a month
Literally had it for one day and it blew with a Rockford fosgate amp that was rated at 650 rms. Extremely upset and wondering if I can get a refund
It does not fit my phone, was suppose to be 7plus
Postage was incorrect so the post office held it until I paid, box was open and case doesnt seal up quite right
There was some discussion about the product being ill fitting. This was my experience. Looked great but couldn't use
There's only adhesive on the outer corners, so it does not adhere well to the screen, this significantly reducing the screen sensitivity. Do not buy and unfortunately unable to return.
Already broken after how many a couple weeks
The sides would not stay stuck to the phone. Instructions said to go to website the website was new and not up for installations.
I've purchased 2 of these for use on our fleet, but both of them have been a disappointment. They do not work.
Does not work. Total waste of money and very disappointing because I had promised my mom to figure out a way to charge her iphone 6 with the wireless pad she recieved for Christmas
Wrong size for my phone, I ordered it for my X max, instead I got it for the X. Please fix
BAD! 44” only has adhesive on outer edges, NOT ON SCREEN therefore touch Brightness and clarity are greatly reduced. It did fit perfectly but pointless without full adhesion.
I wasn't sure if I read it wrong or not but I tried putting my Iphone 7 plus in and it ended up falling off the vent, breaking and my phone was on the floor. Luckily my phone didn't end up cracked, I wasn't even sure why it fell off since there are sharp turns that I have taken before and that one was more of a curve.
I just purchases this watch and I am having issues getting started using it. This product no longer available and my watch is useless. I cannot get it up and running and that was after going to the phone store for a Sim card and having it installed. I cannot use the phone and there is noone to contact.
Poor touch function with this installed. Too much glare. And no its not scratch resistant.
After 1 use, the battery no longer charges, it works if plugged in , but I have left it charging over night and it will not turn on if not plugged in
I've had this battery case for a month and a half, and the case will not charge. It used to blink like it was pretending to charge but won't actually charge, and now the lights won't even come on. Plus the top came off so easily, I'm surprised I didn't lose it. Complete waste of money, too bad it did this only 14 days past the return period. Never buying this brand again.
Came with a business card stuck to the sticky part. Who on God's green earth would stick a paper business card to the sticky part of a phone wallet? I've been going at it for 20 minutes and this is where I've gotten.
Soooo disappointed - the glass didn't fit/didn't stick to the phone. We cleaned the phone well and followed the instructions. It sticks a little on the bottom of the phone's screen, but the tempered glass wiggles and crinkles when you try to press on to the rest of the face to get it to stick. After letting it sit for a while hoping the adhesive would 'cure', it popped right off. I'd really like a refund since I will have to go out and replace this, and have zero confidence this would prevent a crack to the phone's screen if it were dropped. Maybe this one was defective, or maybe just not manufactured well...hard to tell.
Very cheap. I've used 2 out of 3 in the package and all of them had bubbles. My phone was very clean. Do not waste your money.
Opened this thing a week ago to use. Whyyy won't it stay up. It doesnt stick. As soon as i put my phone in it and pull off it falls. I put it up and left it for a day before i even used it
Shows scratches easily.Looks cheap
These are straight garbage. I bought one for each of my cars and out of three one half ass works when it wants to. Straight up trash.
NOT compatible for iPhone 7, 7 plus, etc. it even says on the box when I received it that it is compatible up to the iPhone 5. You need an adapter to use it and the seller doesn't inform you of that and gave misinformation. Not happy
Small print on the packaging states the product has chemicals that cause cancer.
The black strap already ripped and now I have to buy another one because you can't just buy the piece.
Very poor quality it died after 3 months . I'm very disappointed in Motorola
I had to buy a new cover for my nook and this was the only official Nook one that I could find for my Nook Simple touch with glow light that was an official Nook cover. My other cover was falling apart and I needed one quickly for my trip. I do take my nook in and out of my purse a lot... but I literally had this thing one week and the spine was already developing a crack. It is made of the softest and thinnest faux leather and the spine pretty much has no support. I am very unhappy with this product and I am surprised that this is an official nook cover.
Had to send back , did not work for me!
Only worked for a couple days
The metal ring broke off within a week of use was very disappointed.
They crack and broke in a couple of days of buying them!!!
Cheaply made. Plastic cover has scratches just from applying. What a waste of money.
Does not fit my s9+. Mess with the volume controls etc.. Wish I could return it.
They didn't work out of the box
Isn't long enough for my LG STYLO 4. Doesn't fit properly
Bought them on may 12 and worked good for about a month. After that they got a vibration in the left ear. Now the button doesn't work so can't start or stop anything. Can't answer the phone. Barely 2 months old. Feel like it was total waste of $130. I've had cheaper ones than this that lasted a lot longer. Return window only 30 days and support window only 59 days. Very disappointing!
My phone just arrived today, all I want to say: JUST DON'T TRUST THOSE 5 STAR REVIEWS!!! JUST DON'T TRUST THOSE 5 STAR REVIEWS!!! JUST DON'T TRUST THOSE 5 STAR REVIEWS!!! NOT WORTHY!!!
Will plug in and it wont charge. And I keep having to readjust it to make sure it charges.
Did not work for any time at all, used it outdoor in weather after that did not work
Package was correct but one of the inner plastic housing pieces is for an iPhone x. Not an iPhone xs max. I bought this for my wife and it doesn't even fit over her phone. What a joke. Hopefully you can get it right with the replacement.
This screen protector is horrible! It is NOT "ultra clear" as the description states - it is matte and as a result, the sharpness and colors of the iPhone 7 screen are completely muted and fuzzy! I don't know where all of the 5-star reviews came from....
Don't waste your time and money on these. All of them died btw 1-3 weeks of use.
cheap product, better to spend the extra money for the real deal.
bose headset can't be controlled with this. Have to go to the device. not worth the price. returning.
I bought this product thinking it was a great deal but I received it broken and I returned it right away and their not giving me my full refund back. It's not my fault that it broke during shipment!!!
Didn't work the besr
Price for 2 is great but that is all.. it doesn't fully cover the edges, because of this, I have to press really hard on the outside keyboard keys. Very annoying.
Installed beautifully. An hour later as I was driving, it popped right off the phone.
Do not buy.. the battery worked well for about 2 weeks and then it would only work if the charger was connected..
Sent me wrong size & wasn't able to return .
You follow/ program by the steps and does not function from steering wheel poor directions
Lasted three days before clasp broke. I would not buy this item.
Package arrived today, as you can see in the photo, it box is damaged. The units insider were wrapped in two different types of plastic, one wasn't even sealed up... And when I took it out, the USB cable was already inserted into the port... Definitively a used unit...
Only two worked in the pack and still iffy
It is not full coverage especially at top and edge. Also cheap made not a actual tempered glass.Don't recommend it.
When I first got them I absolutely loved them. They stayed in the ear great for my daily runs and were nice and comfortable. Unfortunately they lasted about a month and then suddenly just stopped working. I can't even turn them on anymore.
Did not come with instructions so I don't know how to sync to my iphone
Didn't work. I could hear music and apps, but not calls. I need to use this for calls. Spend the extra few bucks and buy apple.
Hopefully I never need to warranty my Pixel 3. Had this case on my phone since the end of March and every side except the screen is scratched horribly and even has paint chipped away. Only surface that looks ok is the screen because I'm using a tempered glass screen protector.
Great price so not complaining but understand that this is NOT a high quality product. Colors are off and screen has little pressure spots that are annoying. I say this because I've had several of them. The crack quite easily as well.
DO NOT BUY THESE SCREEN PROTECTORS!!! I am now having to spend money to replace my screen because this didn't protect it AT ALL!! screen is shattered after a drop. So very upset. These people should give me the money to replace my screen! BUYER BEWARE. DO. NOT. BUY!!!
The temper glass was broken
Battery did not work. Would not accept charge, unfortunate waste of money.
Followed the instructions exactly, cleaned the screen and back cover as instructed, used the blue cloth. Product did not even pretend to stick to either surface. Do not purchase this product.
I purchased three of these towel warmers a year ago. Two of them are no longer working.
Very unhappy with product
Cute but the area for the charger is weird. I have to remove the case to charge my phone.
Was supposed to be new.. this item was clearly opened and resealed. Has connectivity issues that my older Samsung Level U did not have.. avoid this seller
The buckle on the pocket broke the first time I used it.
Doesn't work on my iPhone X at all. Also, my fault, but I assumed the headphone marking meant what it means on every other device--that being a 3.5mm port. Nope, just two lightning port, but since it doesn't function on my iPhone X, no lightning ports.
I purchased this charger to mount in my vehicle. Setting up the device was easy, especially the cardboard cutout that helps put the ring in the correct spot. My review is negative because of two things. First, the charger doesn't charge my phone fast enough. My phone actually loses battery while it's being used. The second reason is that it doesn't work through apples silicone case, so I have to remove the case for it to hold my phone up.
The iPad cable I received looks like a used product. Some scratches on the connector.
These batteries were dead when we got them
Received a portfolio not a standard case!
The screen protector cracked with less than of usage.
Don't waste your money! Do not hold a charge, sound goes in and out, sound isn't great when it does work. Hard to use.
This watch band was not in my order I ordered 3 different ones & only 2 were in package
Speaker didn't work. I don't know how that could be over looked if it was refurbished.
Do waste you money. The plug works for about one minute and then the iPhone doesn't recognize it.
Doesn't charge with phone on. Lasted all of one month and now the return window is closed. Complete waste of money.
Every single chord stopped working within a week and one didn't work straight out of the package. Messaged the seller and no response! Don't order!
Horrible, this may be a good screen protector if it would actually stay on the phone. A complete waste of money!!
There is no sound sync, high latency. Suspecting digital optical toslink cable included is bad.
This product does not fit the phone for which it states it does. I am now left with a useless case because the company provided inaccurate information regarding sizing. I am not happy about the waste of money for this useless product.
Used about two months and it no longer will charge. After only a week it was difficult to charge. The battery works well but very heavy.
Bad product.. does not grip well. Bad fit on edges.
Terrible...fell off within 24hrs.
I put in two different addresses and each time they took me somewhere different than where i know i was heading,,,has to be a glitch in the programming,,tried to update but constantly was ask to update Garmin again and again, Really bad machine, nice ut it really sucks
Not sure why all of these reviews are for a case - this item is an adapter for headphone/lightning charger for the iPhone. It was nicely packaged, but the adapter feels cheap. When in use to simultaneously charge and listen to headphones, there's a lot of feedback noise. Disappointed.
Doesn't stay on and is too thick and causes problems with sensitivity when using the screen. I won't buy again.
Didn't receive Wire Harness or Antenna Adapter.
My package never got delivered from this company
Extremely disappointed, chose this product based on ratings and the assumption of durability and have already had 2 cords fail after a handful of uses.
Fell right off my phone. Waste of money.
They don't last long.
Zipper broke after 3 uses
This isn't a good case for the iPhone 5C - the holes for the buttons don't line up with buttons on the phone.
Came broken and they wanted me to pay the shipping which cost almost what i payed for the thing. I will never buy from them again . Will not recommend
The phone case is nice, however, the color is Orange, very disappointed.
They don't stay on the face of the watch.
DO NOT BUY!!!!! I recently bought this charger and really wanted to like it. However, it doesn't charge my Apple Watch series 3 42mm. It charged it the first two nights but was extremely hot. Now it won't charge it at all and in fact drains the charge and continues to make it very hot. Phone charger worked great but needs to charge the watch as well or it is completely pointless. Returning.
I specified 2011 Chevy Suburban. This came up as a fit. It does not. Waste of money.
Did not stick to phone...started falling off after about 1 week.
Case did not fit the iPhone 8 that I had Case would be on half way and the other half would stick out very low quality in my opinion paid 30 bucks for this. Of course the company never said sorry ended up moving on bought a new case for my iPhone one that actually fits and aligns with the phone.
tried to charge unit up before using it. wouldn't charge through AC. Tried charging through solar cells. All of a sudden the flashlight turned on and could not be turned off until the unit ran out of power. Didn't bother to request a refund or exchange. To much of a hassle.
Really small. Barely even fit my arm and I️ have a small wrist.
Package came empty!!!!!
Box arrived with top corner torn & mashed. Tv has a rattle sound-something is loose inside tv. Remote & hookups were loose in the box. I wonder if mine was I return from someone else or refurbished. I thought it was supposed to be new but now I got to send it back.
I already bought 2x of this product, both had the same problem. it does not open more, I want my money revolt, this is absurd DO NOT BUY!
This case is not ultra slim. Returning.
Item arrived on time. Popped off phone in a day. Feels like plastic and cardboard. Looks ok but had to return.
The Ring broke off less than 3 weeks after purchasing. It was cute, but clearly made very cheap. Would NOT recommend.
Not as good as expected. Had to end up buying the screen protector that actually goes with my phone.
constantly overheats the watch and stops it from charging. Don't buy.
does not fit iPhone 6plus as advertised
This screen protector did not hold up well at all. It lifted from the corners very easily & had to be change it within a month...
Does not stick to side of kitchen counter to hold small outlet for mixer it fell off multiple times or in car as iPhone hands free holder. My cellphone holder lost its sticky so I was hoping these pads would hold it in place but it didn't, kept tipping over. Very disappointed!!!
These were great for 10 months, then one of the buds stopped working.
The touch screen doesn't work when you apply this screen. It's awful.
Broke on the first day. Won't stop popping out. I've had them before, And this one is flawed.
poor quality dnt waste ur money
Wireless Headphones are not as described. Both do not play music at the same time when both are paired and connected to an iPhone 8 Plus. No instructions were provided and item arrived in a brown box and no box for the actual product itself. Hmm, FYI my first review was not allowed to be posted by amazon.
This is a SCAM! The title says ONE MONTH FREE but when I got on chat with Sirius XM the person said this radio does not qualify for the one free month and I would need to purchase a $15 a month plan. I will send this back. And contact Amazon about the misleading description.
do not work with heavy phone like iphone keep failing on the car
Can not adjust size despite their flimsy kit and bad directions. I tried, broken the needle and the directions told me where the replacement needle was but not how to change it. I wasted an hour of my time trying to figure it out until I gave up. The band has been sitting on my dresser for a Month and soon will be in the garbage. Don't waste your money!
Shorted out overnight during charging and burned the surface it was sitting on.
These chargers are no good. Every single one has gone bad on me in 6 months. I e even went bad within the first month. I did contact the seller and they sent me a new one, but that has gone bad. I would not recommend this product.
I had high hopes for this product. It appeared to fit and seal well to the screen for the first 4 days. However, it literally fell right of after the phone dropped to ground from about 30 inches. The phone is encased with a Spigen cover that absorbs all impact and the phone fell on its back. The screen appears to have scratches on the underside and subsequently failed to make a new seal with the phone screen. It ultimately cracked in half when pressure was applied to the edges per the guidelines. Very disappointed. I've requested a refund but I'm hoping the company reads this as offers a replacement and possible cause but I'm afraid it's ultimately a design flaw related to the curved nature of the product,
This is not a genuine Samsung charger and it does not work. Will not charge my galaxy S7. Avoid this scam.
I've had this “lifetime guarantee” cable for all of 5 weeks and it's already starting to shred!!!
In Photo is nice but in real is ugly.
Had the case for about two months, didn't even put it on my phone right away. I'm maybe a month into using it and the silver backing is lifting up. Not worth the price for the lack of quality.
Provides bogus tracking numbers. Promises delivery in two days - takes money and does not ship in time frame. AVOID
Did not protect the phone at all, The cutout at the top leaves your phone without any protection. and my phone fell and hit the top edge and cracked under the screen protector.
I purchased this for my husband because he goes through phones like crazy so I don't get expensive ones. It's been over a month but the phone is starting to heat up. It doesn't shut off when not in use. He gas trouble hearing people when they call him. It's past the time to return it so I just ordered him a new phone.
Awful. It does not charge anything. Unfortunately, I just busted it out of the packaging and missed the return deadline. Save your $$$ and buy one from Walmart.
The cables I received are not oem
I needed to fix my iphone 5s and guess what arrived on my doorstep? A iphone 6 replaceable battery that I didn't ask for now I don't have a phone and have to wait for 6-7 business days just to get my money back on a mistake they made.
When I got this phone the screen was pushed out so bad it made me wonder if anyone even inspected it before shipping. After that I had to endure days of emails and they couldn't find my order. Finally they told me to write a note saying what I wanted, even though I already said I wanted an exchange. So after waiting almost a week amazon emails me that I'm getting a refund. This seller is awful.
Not a good product what so ever. Also took ridiculously long to get to me
Absolute junk. Do not waste your money on this one. It had been problematic for a while now. It would freeze up and would be unresponsive until the battery drained. The last straw was tonight on my drive home. I could smell something burning, when I touched the camera it was very hot to the touch. I tossed it out the window.
Look a little harder for this item. You can get two for the same price that this seller is selling one.
Horrible case the snap that holds the phone to the clip. Broke twice. I should of learned my lesson after the first purchase
junk! All three stopped charging phone and they also cause ghost screen static malfunction. Don't buy!
narrow the border so cannot fully cover the whole screen, the oil bubble cannot clean, bad product.
Came as expected, but it won't stick. Prepared screen as I should have and placed on the screen the first time, but now when I text or use the phone I hear it pop, which means it is not sticking to my screen. Very frustrating. One star for getting as expected, no stars for quality..wouldn't buy again..
This watch band broke after 3 days
These cables did not last a week, broke and two of them are not charging. I would not buy.
the 3 of 3 cables were defectuosos. some times works fine, some times doesn't charge my phones. I finally took a scissors and cut them.
Glass is way too thick. Takes extra effort to tap on apps.removed and tossed out.
Lasted a couple workouts and then distortion in the ear buds. pass on these.
The metal they use for the closure is really cheap; this band gave me an allergic reaction just where that metal touched my wrist. Spend the extra money for something with more quality.
Broke at the tip aftet a month of use. Very dissappointed.
Doesn't look like the picture . there's no color changing
Very bad quality screen protectors. Ordered these for my new phone right before I went on vacation and 2 slipped off the phone and broke within a week. Would not recommend buying these!
Not even a privacy screen makes you phone screen look blurry terrible touch sensitivity
First off I feel cheated - It is $29.99, $10 less than I paid a couple of days ago and they want $7 to return it. The device itself is not one I like: It charges very very slowly - even slower if you don't take the phone out of your protective case (my case is wireless charger friendly). Also the construction seems cheap, the outer case is unevenly attached, so one side of the case if thicker on one side than the other. It is too heavy for a purse, so I am not sure what I will use this for - - - maybe I can sell on ebay.
I was missing a piece not complete not happy at all
This case does not properly fit the iPhone 8+ even though it is labeled as such. The buttons are too tight and it presses on the power and volume buttons, making them unsuable.
I bought this twice and both times item came and did not work! Very upset
Dropped, my phone a couple of times, and the phone case slipped off each time.
After falling about three from hand to floor the phone screen and back both broke
The fit around the sides is too loose on the Moto Z Force and it is almost impossible to connect the charging plug or headphone adapter. The Verizon bumper case is much better.
Headline and pic tell the story.
I order Samsung Galaxy s8 plus and it was my backup. My screen broke so I went to use it. It is for s8 not plus!! Past 30 days so I can't return it!!
Had this case only 3 months and the black coating came off on the lower corners with the plastic all frayed up underneath. I am not an abusive user at all and have never had a case fail like that.
So i found this case and I really loved it. Looks can be deceiving just so you know. I got the case and it looks like what i ordered but cheap & it's a sticker. It's already coming off & i received it Feb 12th. I'm super upset about this because the quality looked promising. But it's not and quite frankly they should be ashamed for charging someone 10 dollars for such a poor quality item. There's holes all around the case not sure why & it doesn't fit nicely. It looks like it needs to be longer. Overall i'm not happy with this product
Did a lot f running around. First to pick up the product in order to receive it as early as possible. Normally, I have item that I order thru Amazon delivered to my home. this time I used a local locker because delivery was to be quicker. After picking up the package and finding out the wrong item had been shipped. I filled out the paper work to return it to the local Kohls store which I will drop off tomorrow.. I have reordered the original item to be delivered to my house. Hopefully, I will receive the correct item
Poorly made, cheap design. Didn't work for charging or playing music.
it was broke all up when I got it I could not use it
very poor quality, and bad sound.
Do You have the information about the delivery of this product? We didn't receive till now
Sound quality sucks. Too much static
I will be returning this item. Looked cool out of he box and before even trying to attach it to my iPhone X I inspected it and it looked like this with it peeling off. By the feels of it and looks of it glue was sticking out
The phone shuts off when the battery is at 20%. It drains pretty quickly as well, making it very unreliable. After a month, I'm back to using the old oem battery and on the lookout for buying a new phone altogether. It should not be this hard to find an original battery on amazon. So many products have misleading narratives and good/bad reviews.
This phone case is very poorly made. The metallic areas of made of the flimsiest plastic- I'm sure if you pushed on it in the slightest, it would snap and break. I'm just sticking with my old case. This purchase was basically money in the garbage. I guess it's a case of getting what you pay for. It's cheap for a reason!
Dropped my phone with this case on and the back of my iPhone XR shattered. I spent $44 on a case and my phone still broke. Very disappointing. Warranty will cover a new case but that doesn't fix my phone!!!
Does not hold the phone tight enough. Can easily be dislodged.
I did not move this cable very much and used it for a few months and it no longer works. Its too late to ship back for a refund. Not happy
What a waste of money. I've had this cord for a week and it has already stopped working. From the start the volume pick up on it is awful to. I have my speakers turned all the way up and I can barley hear it. Whereas when I have the radio on I turn my speakers up about half way and it is plenty loud. Save your money.
Screen shields arrived broken
Very poor quality. We have had this only one month and it is taking apart already. Well not but from this company again.
Cheaply made. I will be surprised if these hold up through the winter.
The description and picture of this item is very misleading. Do NOT buy this if you are expecting actual rhinestones. The background is not actual rhinestones and not even black. It's like a dull printout copy of what you think you are getting. The ring itself does seem to be as thick and sturdy as described. I can't speak on how it actually functions because I am not applying this product to my phone. Returning immediately.
I have had these since September 2018. They worked great at first. The battery life is horrible! I wear them at the gym. I am lucky if I get 1 1/2 hrs of music out of them. I put them in their charger after each use. I give the charging box a recharge 3x a week. You can't wear the ear buds for more than 1 1/2 hrs or they die! Disappointed!
Ordered the 2 pack. All I got out of either was static. Returning for refund.
I ordered this product on April 26th, shipping was fast and I was very excited to put it on when I got it. I only bought this product because it has a 1 year warranty. I bought an Apple leather case for my iPhone 7 Plus and it started to come apart after about 5 months. I was hoping with such a great warranty this product would last but sadly I was mistaken. After about 2 weeks the Alcantara started to peel up from the bottom of the case. I am very disappointed.
Came off days after installing it's not worth it
Phone often would not charge while in case and had to be shuffled around in order to start taking a charge. After 6 months of use the charging bezel snapped off rendering device useless.
Very bad choice, the product is very bad, and will be hot, can not be used.
Read reviews on this charger before buying and all seemed good. Bought for a trip to Disney in April. Worked fine. Tried to use a month later and won't charge my iPhone. Returns only allowed for 30 days so I'm stuck with a garbage charger. DO NOT PURCHASE THIS CHARGER IF YOU WANT IT TO WORK MORE THAN A COUPLE TIMES!!!
My screen certainly cracked using this case. Dont buy it
Item arrived and after installing it sounding like the coil was rubbing while playing After calling and talking to Jordan he said to call and Amazon and have them returned because this model was having issues.
I put it on and then my keyboard on my phone didn't work on the side. Maybe I put it on wrong, but I tried twice and followed the instructions. Not compatible with my S8
I have been trying to contact to return this but w/o anything other than amazon info unable. I have not been able to find someone that will install this and therefore want to return. Still in original packaging. Please assist or I will begin process to deny charges by Mo day
Arrived with both smashed in corners despite being in a small box inside a bubble envelope so didn't get to test further. Don't appear sturdy like the replacement brands I bought.
Horrible, went thru both screen within 3 weeks. Not worth full coverage cause if replaced, it will crack again and again. Rather have my money back
Stopped working after less than one month of use. Was not mistreated and no external damage.
This product is 110% misleading. The charger while using there cords and a fast output adapter is very very very slow. Takes an entire day to charge. This product claims to be fast charging? But that is so so far from the truth.
Glass protector broke within one week after I installed it.
Case clips together and broke abi e the volume putting it on. Cheaply made
had to remove it and get something else. impairs touch screen, especially on edges. not worth it.
2 of these chargers are already broken where it connects to the phone. I only charge my phone at night and have used them both for less than a week. DISAPPOINTED. Update... they are all now officially broken.
I ordered the silver iPhone 7 plus, but was sent the black version. The phone had fingerprints and scratches on it. It looked like someone haphazardly threw their old iPhone into a box. Despite these issues, I still considered keeping it because I really needed a new phone. However, upon closer inspection, I noticed the glass over the camera was cracked. Very disappointing!! It seems like there is no quality control. I do not recommend buying this. I am returning and getting my money back.
After a few months of use the unit indicates it is 100% charged (100% input) but it will not charge via any of the four outputs. Have tried the four outputs multiple times with no luck. Also tried continuing to charge unit even though it indicates it is 100% charge still no luck. Amazon indicates this unit is no longer available but a unit that appears to be the same is available, seems like a ploy to purge poor reviews.
Case faded after 1 week
Not protective at all first drop cracked the plastic case
Had for a little over 30 days and battery won't keep a charge and I can't return it. Product is a piece of crap.
This product is horrible. I bought it for my mom so that she can talk on the phone while at work and no one could even here her talking! What's the point if you can't even be heard! Returned!
I gave it a try based on the attractive price, well it did not work.
Overall the item is beautiful but,It broke the first day of attaching to my phone. The top part just keep falling off, I place back on 3 time then eventually the item was unfounded. Waste of money.
This screen protector does not cover the whole screen of a galaxy J7 period!
After few weeks they started doing the normal not working have to play with it. Horrible.
It says it can withstand 22lbs of pressure but when I drop the phone the screen crack
Not what I expected, you can barely fit anything in here
Bought a new IPhone XR and needed the adapter to use a regular headphones connector. I plugged this into the cable for my cars stereo and after after 1 -2 minutes it shut off and said it was not a compatible device. Tried several times with the same affect. Bought a Apple adapter and have had no problems since no matter if its headphones or a cable to my car stereo. Don't know if it was a one off but did not work for me. Does not say XR in description but hoped it would work.
This case is terrible. Looks cool but bit sturdy at all and top and bottom part comes unconnected easily.
Screen has been on for less than a week and has cracked in two places. Luckily, it comes with more than one.
I did not like it cause I thought it had protection for the screen
I never received it amazon didn't help at all.
Not able to read the license plate number even on the highest setting (full 1080p extreme). I tried to upgrade the firmware to the latest version with no luck. the enhancements of the latest firmware based on their website is (improve image quality) but this is incorrect. I tried to change the Camera position, again no luck.
cheap! almost all of them broke after a couple of uses
Did not fit my phone at all
Said it would work on iPhone it powered up and never charged for even a second
Would be great if this didnt show when searching for s4 mini. Cost as much to return as purchase. Sits on shelf not doing a bit of good.
Wildly slow and won't fully charge my Gear S3 watch. After 10 hours, I am only at 70% and watch is very hot. I am afraid to keep using it.
It doesn't have sufficient adhesive to stick to the phone for any length of time. Thumbprint recognition did not work with the protector on. The screen resolution appeared less clear than without which was the opposite of what was advertised. The edges were only slightly curved and the protector was not wide enough to cover the phone.
Both of my screen protectors came and they were both equally as broken, and i can't return so i'm beyond pissed
Stopped working after a month! DO NOT BUY
This product started out great and within a week I quickly realize how low quality it is! I have never dropped my phone but mysteriously cracks started appearing on the screen protector that obscured my view! Do not buy this low quality product that claims to last and have 9H hardness but cracks just mysteriously appear out of nowhere! Never buying this again, I'm really disappointed with this product.
It charges the phone fine but it's annoying that you can't charge the phone and the case at the same time. Also there's a useless power button on the back. And the charging port is too big so the plug keeps falling out
The LCD digital screen stopped working, so I couldn't tell how much percentage was left on the charger. I contacted the seller and the seller kept promising me a replacement. After 6 months of back and forth emails and waiting on my replacement charger, Seller never sent the replacement. Seller was not truthful and kept giving me lies. The product was ok....just be aware that the screen may not work, but be aware of the seller. I don't like people who lie to me.
Has blue faded spots- not like how it should be. Probably have a faulty pair. Keep in mind 9h hardness is fake news for any glass screen protector. Otherwise it still protects good. Just the huge blue spots.
This product is awful. It tears after a couple of days of putting it on, it's cheaply made, and it gets dirty quickly. Don't bother purchasing it. Not a quality product!
Was nearly impossible to have a protective case on the phone with this screen, and it's so dark I could hardly see it!
I know you get what you pay for but I had hoped for something that could get me through until payday. The "wet" wipes to clean the screen were completely dried out and neither screen protector would stick to the phone at all, even after cleaning the surface and letting it dry properly. I finally got one to stick but every time I would go to text, the glass "clicked" as I pressed on the keyboard - probably because the edges were sticking/unsticking as it flexed under pressure. My pack also did not come with a protector for the camera. 1/10 would not recommend.
The material is ok and soft but it's not cut perfectly symmetrical to fit the dimensions of the phone. The entire screen is filled with bubbles and outlines of where bubbles used to be. I've tried everything to remove them including the credit card scrape and it did not work well. The privacy feature works fairly well but I am not happy with this purchase.
Not comfortable, if you do not have phone case, thats not tight. but if you put your phone case on, the button on the screen is too short to touch the screen. And not sensitive, really
Did not sync with a single device. Returned. Crap.
They really delivered this and left without requiring a signature and was stolen! Fuck you guys.
Waste of money or I'm unclear on how to apply it to my phone.
I do not meet my expectations
Was great in the beginning, but now no longer works. Going to return it since it doesn't work. Buy a name brand if you want one that works.
Arrived later than said. Charged overnight for a 48% charge. Not happy at all.
I was deceived when i get the phone the voice was not clear , so i used a headphone or made it on speaker, and i accepted this small problem since it was used phone ;after few months later, the screen gave me yellow lines and different colors; then the screen touch stopped working at all. I tied to fix it but the Apple store refused to fix the phone and they said that this is not their real iPhone. THE big issue is that i still try to get my refund.
This is a counterfeit product and broke within a couple months of ON road driving. True RAM products have a lifetime warranty and when I submitted my claim they informed me of this fraud and that this one is therefore not covered. I now need to ask this seller or Amazon for my refund.
It fell off after 5 days.
DID NOT COME WITH CORRECT SCREEN PROTECTOR
do not get! there are not glass, cheap flimsy plastic!! came in some weird Styrofoam box from China, I understand it was cheap but it says glass, there is no way, it isn't worth the hassle.
The face plate started leaking after about a month.
I've had it 58 days and they stopped charging. Now they are worthless.
Plays for a minute then cuts off, just buy an apple one.
The charger only worked for 15 days. Thanks, good I could return it.
I would like to love these, but I just don't. I have tried over the last couple weeks since getting them, but it is nowhere near love. Not even a like. I will be getting an actual Bluetooth again after these. Here is why. When I'm out walking or hiking, even driving, the jostling of just moving interferes and makes it static and muffled. If my hair is down, it sounds like I'm listening through a glass at the door like when I was a kid, if my hair is up, but my shirt collar is brushing the cord, it is constant static and interference; cutting in and out. I have tried to like these headphones, I just don't and wouldn't recommend them because of the issues I've noticed.
This case sucks! The face cracked the first week. Now has a big piece missing! Worthless!
It is really bulky, it doesn't hold the phone in place. Did not like it so I wanted to return it and it cost more to return it then what I payed to get it.
it is not good material its already broken
No good just one week work
Very unhappy with these chargers. One of them broke off inside my iPhone after only using maybe 3 times. The cord is nice, looks and feels durable but the actual hardware isn't. I am using one of the others now and I can tell that it is going to break or fall apart in the exact same spot.
This is a horrible product .. the manufacturer has made a product to gouge and take advantage of he consumer ... I have ordered two within less than a month because they crack
I bought two of these. One month in and they're both completely dead.
All cables broke within on month. Don't waste your money on this.
Mesh shredded after one week.
Didn't work. Waste of money
Got a week and a half use before it snapped on me. I liked the band for running while it lasted but the durability is definitely lacking.
It's okay not what I expected too weak and easily get scratched
hello this item was not in the box
LEAKED ALL INTO MY DAUGHTERS PHONE AND IF I COULD GIVE THIS NO STARS I WOULD!!!!!!
So I found the product given a lot of thought with clothes to wipe dust and water. However, the sticker ended up making the first glass cover a bit dirty, while the second one just fell off - I don't even know when, I just noticed today. It's been barely 5 days. Disappointed as I thought I had struck a good deal! :(
Fairly easy to install but from the second I started using it to about the one hour mark (when I took it off my phone and threw it in tge garbage) I found it near impossible to type on my phone. Do not recommend!
They sound okay, but they're not very comfortable and they don't stay in the ear unless you aren't moving at all.
It doesn't charge fast
It didn't work once I tired to use it
Got these headphones and loved them. Sound quality is exceptional for the price. They are great looking headphones, nice size and very comfortable. Then 2 weeks after purchasing them, I pulled them out of my backpack and one earpiece was snapped off. the earpiece is held on by a very small weld (see attached photo). I was tempted to replace the pair, since I really did love them, but it is not worth the risk since I would lose my return window. Seeing how small the weld is and the fact the the headphone band is spring steel which you need to flex constantly to put on or take off the headphones, I am really not sure of the durability. It really is a shame since these are really great headphones. Not sure if this is just an anomaly- please let me know in the comments if you have had a similar experience.
Broke on the first day. But thanks
This product broke and would no longer stick after a week of use.
Had a hard time with connecting in the beginning. There seems to be some special step by step to connect each earpiece. Had to go through the steps several times each time to get it to connect. After several days unit would charge intermittently. I would get a full charge one day and then nothing the next. Now it has been a week and the left earbud died and the right earbud sound goes in and out.
Broke the first time I used it
While my wife gets compliments on the look, the screen on my wife's watch is shattered, when the clasp failed.
Bought for my wife who used it for 93 days, since it was past the return date couldn't get it returned. Wrote to BlueParrott and the refurb company (Solving Products, LLC) with no response would not buy product by BlueParrott or from Solving Products, LLC.
Very disappointed upon receiving this. Surface scratched. Will be returning!
This cracked within the first week of use. Would not buy this again.
The product that I received doesn't work and is evidently ineligible for return. Stay away.
It Doesn't fit as well in the slot on the watch. It's a little hard to change it. It s to stiff.abd uncomfortable
Lasted 5 days before cracking, only 3 days before the stickiness started coming off. Didn't even drop it, something in my purse must've pressed against it too hard. Very poor quality. Don't buy.
I had 3 replacement headphones in 13 month. Their reporting system even to the Office of the President is slow and unresponsive.
The idea of the phone wallet is great! We like the look of the case which prompted me to buy one for myself and husband. But the card placement blocks from being able to hear people talking to us. Also, you can only fit 2 cards in the wallet. If the binding was wider, it wouldn't be so bulky with trying to fit more cards. We tried to put 2 cards in each slot. We don't want a wallet where we have to remember to switch out cards when going to certain places.
Not Happy! Paid for a new got one someone else had already to to apply to their phone. Protective liners already removed and outside edges were dirty and the protector itself stuck to the inside foam. I should have known when it came with clear tape over the edge from and the original seal was broken. I know this is cheap for tempered glass protector but now I know why. It feels like plastic. Definitely going back.
I won't be the first or the last review to say this but the connector is super weak. I've only had the battery for two months and now it doesn't charge anymore. I loved the battery life that I was receiving but if it can't stay connected to my cable then what's the point? I hope future models fix this.
This phone is not worth the money. It continually ignores calls without letting the caller know someone tried calling. We have had to call tech support multiple times. . Very frustrating. I tried contacting seller through Amazon but we missed our window for return,exchange by a week, even though our problems started before that. Every time this happens, we must call and have tech reset the inside codes, This is very time consuming. Another issue is that the phone won't receive group chats or pictures. I was hoping for an exchange and that this was just a fluke phone but I couldn't make that happen as there is no way to contact the seller, I was stuck.
When I purchased this it looked like a regular key fob. The pictures need to be more clear and needs to put case earlier in the listing name. I would just return but they want to charge me 6$ to ship it back
Worded 3 days.VERY DISAPPOINTED!
This is definitely NOT for the galaxy s 10+. Too small for my phone
Broke in less then 2 days
Dropped my phone from about 3ft scratched the corner with the case on.
Broken from the get go! Never heard back from CS.
These worked great for awhile. One quit working after one week, the other two lasted a couple months. Now none of them work.
Screen did not work well with phone had to remove
I had to remove this to clean underneath. In a gentle cleaning of this, it cracked. Subsequently, I attempted to attach the second "protector". Cracked even with gently working. Junk.
Worked fine the first few times,but now, the top half will not stay together, so I cannot use the type C and the micro mini is so loose that half the time it won't charge either. It seems that the 2nd group I ordered, the quality is just not the same or mfg by someone else.
This is soo not good... only charge watch to 40% and I had it on the charger for more than 6 hours.
Sounds good. Battery life 4-5 hours and less than an hour to charge. Not durable. Owned for less than two months, when not in use I carry them in a soft cloth pouch. Left ear piece came apart in my hand, snapped it back together but that side doesn't work any more.
Difficult to use as the manual, one sheet of double sided, very, very, tiny print does NOT explain some features; Timer ?, Find?, Steps?. No rime or reason as to "how to set or use. Cheap! Cheap! Cheap version of a cheap version of 'maybe' the real thing.
Do not like this product
Never received them so can't rate them
Works for the first 2 minutes and then your phone says that this device is not supported. Piece of garbage product!
If I could give them 0 stars I would. They sent me something that isn't even a charger. WTF is this stuff?
I loved the color and design the most. Didn't come with a protective cover.
We returned these on the same day I ordered the replacement ones. They would be no good to us because we cannot use them. Please do not charge us again for these.!!!
I have it for 4 days and it's already dirty. I wish I hadn't bought this iPhone case.what a waste of money.
I bought it a few months ago and have still not be able to install it. My AC guy could not get it to work either. Its been sitting there collecting dust. What a waste of money.
Plastic is already broke on the case
People that call me hear a very bad echo. Horrible product. Complete waste of money.
Nothing like Apple Earpods.
Does not work with cases
Sender sent only a phone in a bag. There is no charger, or pin to open the sins card holder.
After reading almost all hundreds of positive reviews of this product, I bought one for my Mercedes 320 dash board. I use a Samsung 9 Cell phone. I tried my best to insert my phone laterally and portrait ways. It has never worked for me. It jumps out of the holder as soon as the car goes on a bumpy road. The pad's suction is good. I regret buying htis. It is a waste of money!! I wish I could return it.
Battery won't stay charged and it restarts all the time.
Little tips fell off right away. Junk and waste of money
You get what you paid for.. cheap product!! Not working
The battery was for a replacement for an LG K7 cell phone. It has an ill-fitting plastic cap that makes it impossible to fit in the phone, close the cover, and charge. It appears to be a product of poor quality control, or it may be purposeful sold as an unlabeled second.
The two longest cords went out in less than a month
Had to have the screen replaced. Doesn't work.
Yes they do protect your screen if you drop your phone, I'm not disputing that. The problem is that none of these protectors form a seal with your screen, making it all but impossible to use your phone unless you press extremely hard. And forget about swiping. This particular one is the worst one I've purchased yet. So the search continues. If I find one that actually lets me use my phone, I'll post a good review.
Product was delivered cracked. Waste of money.
it was cheap, but it didn't last. The cord is coming apart at the USB/wall side of the cord.
USB c port cover was broken. got a replacement and that stopped working after 2 days like other reviews had said. disappointed since this has happened twice would give 0 stars if I could
This is the first time I've ever been disappointed in an Anker Product. Normally, they are my "go to brand." This product passes the charge through the micro USB and charges VERY SLOWLY. This cord is therefore pointless! I also recommend finding a cord that doesn't require you to "piggy back" by connecting one type to another. That seems to be a finicky connection. If you are using the device while charging, it's too easy for either piece to become disconnected.
Not User Friendly. Gives turn by turn but no street name. Does not find destination that easily found on Google. Turns off screen frequently during entering name of a destination.
Poor quality. Scratch very easy. Cracks very easy. Would not recommend this product
Size is not as advertised. It was supposed to fit 11 Pro, but it's too big> I'm going to return it.
Some of them didn't work. None of them last over a month.
This product did not fit my Vivosmart HR+ as advertised.
There are better cases out there.
My phone cracked with this case on. It only protects your phone if it falls on it's corners. But mine cracked when it fell flat on it's back. It did not even fall from a high distance. It cracked about 2 or 3 feet from the floor.
One of the two GPS windshield mounts snapped and came apart while attaching to windshield. I expect a refund or will agree to have another set sent out. I am willing to give them a try perhaps the one unit that failed was a rare happening. Thank you, James Ferro
The top of the case broke less than 3 weeks after arrival and won't stay on. The phone screen has now cracked because it fell out In addition the seller has contacted me and tried to bribe me to take my negative review down. Run from this product and dishonest seller!
Dislike my package showed up empty at post office...
Meh, broke after a few months. No abuse, just stopped working.
Never worked even after trying it with a variety of different earbuds. If I could I would give them 0 stars.
Is too dark and can't use the phone while I'm outside because the screen looks black while the phone is on. Dont buy cheap protector one cracked when installed
Too heavy and will not stay in ace. Head movement makes them pull out of ear cause of the short cable
Amazon delivered my package in the morning after everyone went to work and my packages were stolen from my front porch.
I've bought tons of things off of amazon, and I think I've only maybe written two or three reviews. I don't like going out of my way to write a review unless it's particularly awful, so you know this product was absolute S H I T. First of all, the information about it having smoothed curved edges is wrong. It's sharp and 90°. Second, the wipes meant to clean your screen before installing we're pointless, it just smeared everything around and looked horrible. Third, peeling the filament off to reveal the side your supposed to stick to your phone was a challenge. The sticker that's supposed to help you with that came right off. And lastly, the glass doesn't even fit the phone properly. The edges are raised and don't stick, and the bottom speaker is slightly covered by the protector. What a waste of money.
In 4 days both screen protectors fell off. The protectors have no glue on them so when u put them on Everytime you press the screen you can hear and feel the screen protector click against the phone screen. Unhappy with product.
To start it looked good! Install of the base is fine. HOWEVER! It will not hold your phone securely. I follwed the instructions and my phone fell several times while driving. I modified my phone case to work better and it still fell. I applied the metal plate to the outside of my case and it still fell off. I had a plate inside and out side my case and guess what? It fell off and the glue let go on the metal plates.
The sticky pads fell off the first day I owned it and so it won't hold my phone now.
I have to press very hard on my screen with this cover on. THIS IS NOT TEMPERED GLASS! Not good
I purchased the “rose gold” case and it's really not even like the picture shown 😒
Can't get it to register anything, tried different locations for the magnet and sensor according to the instructions “maybe they were installed in the wrong spot”.... just frustrated with dealing with trying to get it to work.
Awful this thing stopped working after a week of using. Ide charge it fully at night and then the next day use it as a back up on my phone and it'd stopped charging at 14 percent. Complete waste of money
Was not even close to being the correct protector for my tab 10. Nothing lined up. All of them went into the trash
Says it can hold up to six cards. Picture does show six. But there are only TWO card slots on the back side of the phone and only 1 slot or pocket on the flap. I like to see my cards cascading. Not filed away two to a slit so I can only see three of the six
The phone arrived and when we got it activated we found out that the phone has no sound it only vibrates. I am very dissapointed that I have to find a new phone and go through the process all over. GRRRRR!
After installation of the screen protector my screen didn't respond well anymore, it's in conflict with my 2018 JL 8.4 touch screen radio
Don't fit as advertised.
this is a cool idea but unfortunately it doesn't work on any device.
I tried installing this on 2 different iPhones. It did not fit and would not stay on the phone. One of the covers had a visible defect in the glass that went over the lens which would cause a bad picture. The other one ended up breaking while I was trying to get it to fit.
Sent in envelope broken in envelope
I was super excited to receive this and start using it asap but the darn thing won't stay! I've tried different places and using that extra sticky plate but nothing is working. Super bummed and pretty disappointed.
Extremely poor quality. This adapter was only used about 10 times before it failed. Definitely would not recommend this item.
The clip broke the second day I had it.
What is this? Is just the glass no lcd attach to it. I want my money back.
These are not compatible with each other. Be careful which generation you buy.
The black border of this protector is so thick, it covers part of the screen. The border is also not seamless to the rest of the protector. Cheap junk. AVOID!
They don't work...after pairing them to my phone the music would just cut out. I do not recommend.
Doesn't wrap the entire screen. Stay away
Broke after a few uses
I hope you will have better luck than me. The screen stopped working after two months. Of course I cannot return it. don't buy it.
Have to give it a 1 star because you have to pick something. Immediately identified by my iPhone as an unsupported product. Unable to use it to play music or charge my phone. Very disappointed.
DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER this is NOT NEW it is a SCAM. Battery dies ridiculously quickly and turns off spontaneously.
Only one earbud works at a time, we only found this out recently as the product wasn't used by my daughter until now and our return window has closed. Not good. :( I can't get ahold of the seller for a replacement.....
These cables are garbage. The 10ft cable did not work at all. While the other two lasted about 5 months.
Can't make a review package did not arrived
All batteries that were sent heated up my phone to the point it shut off.
The order did not include what was advertised
The tripod broke on the second use... cheaply made. It was easy to use and it was versatile... I should have returned it but i threw it away in disgust...
So disappointed- have had many pop sockets in the last and never a problem until this one. One stick.
So, I have an iphone with a headphone jack and a windows computer. These don't work for iphones, they trigger siri all the damn time and the buttons dont work. I thought it was an iphone-samsung not working with each other thing. But then i plugged them into my computer and i always get weird static sounds and when i move the cable it goes away. I plugged them into a friend's samsung phone and they trigger things without pressing any buttons and the sound quality varies on how you plug them in. They're just broken out of the box, or maybe they only work with one or two samsung devices that I'm unaware of??? They sound great when I can listen to music without weird static or siri interrupting every five seconds because the headphones trigger it without touching anything. such a shame. skip these!
The smallest cord didn't not work and it has to be replugged in to start the charging. Example if I stop to fill gas and turn my engine off and restart the car. My phone doesn't charge unless I take the cord of the phone and replug it in.
It did not work. Charged my phone once and then not anymore. Tried just the cube and just the cord. Neither worked. Wasn't worth sending back for refund
Tried to return and not happy with the customer service
Just received the replacement to my original order. Both were shipped promptly and in beautiful condition - but neither actually charge. I may have gotten two lemons, but lemons none the less.
Super bent and side is messed up. Spent money on it, opened the box to this. I tried to bend it back but it's stuck. Terrible. Will not be buying again.
I recieved this product like this. I went to plug it in i was like hmm why isnt my phone charging, then i saw this right in the middle of the cord! The cables inside were just sticking out, not even connected to the other side... Horrible!!!
Would not stick to the cars surface. We used the replacement pad to re-adhere it. Went into a restaurant for dinner, came out, and it was down again.
Broke the same day I got it
Product was defective -- it takes a charge but won't charge a device. The flashlight didn't work either. In addition as other reviews have stated I suspect the capacity of this item is extremely overrated. It should physically weigh more if it were in fact a 20,000mah capacity battery. It looks like there are other knockoff brands of this item as well. I'd avoid those too.
love the design... but my picture piece fell off and got lost.... after less than a week....
the screen cover itself fits but that's all. The tiny strips to protect the Speaker won't fit, they are too small for a Note9 Speaker. The glue runs around the whole phone and never gets dry doesn't matter how long you hold the Lamp over it. I send it back and went to a normal screen protector.
Didn't come with installation instructions, did an online search for instructions and couldn't find any. But I've installed several of these and followed generic instructions. Used the included cleaners and dry cloth, the screen was clean and dry. The installation went on ok, left overnight without the case and in the morning the edges were pulling away and multiple bubbles had developed. Wasn't just the curved edge, the top and bottom edges didn't hold. Pressed the protector and used rubber bands for the day, still didn't hold. The adhesive just didn't work. Had to take it off.
This product was an any better than what I could buy at the dollar tree for a dollar
I never even got my case nothing was delivered to me
It stopped working the first time I used it in the shower. I emailed the company and never heard back.
Did not work at all.
did not like the button covers
Touch screen is hard sometimes. I have to tap multiple times. It gets scratched easily and it won't come off. Water easily gets in it
not happy about this broke too soon first dropped my phone.
I liked the color,the bling but it is clearly not made fpr the Galaxy 8+
Worst cable for anything I've ever purchased. So many times I wake up to a dead phone or play with plugging the cord in 10 times till it finally begins charging. Avoid avoid avoid. C
I have an iPhone 6s and I can't press the Power button or the up volume button in this phone case. I wasted my money on this and now it's just a piece of plastic sitting in my drawer.
I used it to attach a cell phone holder to a car dashboard. It lasted through winter but as soon as warm weather started, it detached from the dashboard. I applied the second one, which fell off in a few days too.
Ordered, and received the gloves on time. However, my son used the to workout with free weights 1 time. They have already started to come apart. The padding in the palms failed completely. Poor quality. Not worth the money. Do not recommend.
Case stand broke with in days
Never received this item had to wait 3 moths so I can get a refund.
Have not even had the phone for 5 months and the APN setting are all messed up. I can make calls and text but data wont work to surf the web or use any apps.
As others pointed out the vertical sides of this screen protector do not adhere to the screen.
It doesn't charge at all. Waste of my money
I've only had this on my phone for 5 days and it won't stick anymore.
This item broke on me without even having it for a full 5 months. Disappointed
Not the blue tone that's on the pic
Water got In it and ruined my phone
The product is broken after two months of use
Very disappointed. At first, I thought I must had done something to cause the first one to crack. I replaced with the second one and within 2 days it cracked along the edge again. This time it was after putting my phone face down on the counter. Wasn't slammed or anything. They also get tiny micro bubbles in the corners that will not go away. We tried everything and it seems to be a stick/rounded edge issue. Not worth it - spend a bit more if necessary to get better quality. Super bummed on this!
Love the color but doesn't work on the phone if the phone has a case on it
It broke the first time I used it while taking a picture
I posted my comments about the purchase and seller never replied. I would not recommend anyone to purchase from this seller. Poor communication.
Fell off my phone in less than a week
Didn't stick well even after cleaned. Had to take it off and then it was just trash so wasted my money.
It's yellow and super bendy. No way will this protect the screen if the phone is dropped.
Experienced similar results as other reviewers. Protector does not stick to screen.
Horrible customer service. Tried to contact them for over 2 weeks to no avail.
This product is not constructed well. The clip slips when clipped to clothing, which was the whole reason I bought this. Dont waste your money.
These things are horrible they don't charge and says the accessory isn't supported...this happened to all three of my cables in a few weeks. Do not buy!!!
Fell off almost immediately, both screens.
Ordered iPhone charger, received android
Worst buy from Amazon ever!!!! Please don't buy, as per instruction the screen protector was suppose to have 2 layers which needed to be peeled off before installing. But this had only one. After installing it leaves the screen looking hazy and absolutely impossible to use in daylight. The adhesive came off after 1 week of use, very inferior quality product.
Charger broke with prongs stuck in the wall. Pieces around prongs shattered so it's not made with durable plastic.
Followed directions exactly, and 7 days later it popped off in my purse and my brand new phone has a big scratch on the screen. Been using glass screens for YEARS and this is the first one that failed. So dissatisfied.
Had to return. Didn't work on my phone
This is all plastic, I did not like it as the back part if my phone broke within a couple kf weeks lf use.
Very cheap material dont waste your money here!
Poor quality and low battery life
Dont buy this product. It say two months but when you call operator they will tell it is one month. If you call Amazon, they will tell just return.
The battery doesn't last long even after charging for more than 24 hours. The sound when on a phone call is also horrible. There's a delay in what you hear and it sounds like you're underwater.
Cheap, plug end melted within a week. Do not recommend.
just like an oil layer was put on the screen. Real shit.
Didn't stay put as intended on my phone
It is very complicated to peel off the mask, as a result, it leaves more fingerprints during the application process than I thoughts compared to other screen protectors I had purchased. I think I just wasted my $7.99 for these packs. I was very unhappy with this product.
Very dissappointed. It took a long time for the product to get to me and when it did and I was about to install, I find they did not ship the Moto Z Play screen protector. It was one that looked like a protector for one of the new iPhones.
I did not receive my headphones and I'm pretty upset about it..
0 STARS!!! Item says it includes nano SIM but it doesn't, only micro and standard sim. I needed it for micro sim. Now company doesn't accept returns
dropped my phone about 4 inches out of my pocket and it shattered into a hundred cracked pieces.
I was disappointed that this product was advertised as oxygen free copper (OFC), but in fact all of the wire is copper clad aluminum. I ordered this product specifically because it was advertised as OFC. OFC can handle more power at smaller gauges because it is pure copper and more conductive than CCA. If I had known this was CCA, I would have ordered 4 guage wire for my system, but I don't use CCA so I wouldn't have ordered this at all! DON'T BUY IF YOU WANT ACTUAL OFC WIRES. THE WIRE ON THE RIGHT IN THE PHOTO IS NOT PART OF THE KIT, JUST A REFERENCE TO THE COLOR THE WIRES ON THE LEFT SHOULD BE.
This did not fit at all. There were no instructions. I am sorry I wasted the money
Will never buy from them again bought two got only one . I told them and they never replied nor sent the rest
Does not protect top of phone! One drop and your phone will shatter!
The car mount doesn't stick to anything and the metal plates do stick to my phone but keep falling off.
Still waiting for it too come through the mail
Completely stopped working. Of course this happened a day after the return window closed. So I am stuck with a defective product and no resolution. Complete waste of money.
Sound like tin can headphones
Does not stick in the middle - makes it hard to type. Have to order a different one!
Doesn't really have enough power to use to plug in a travel size curling iron. The curling iron never got hot it enough.
It never arrived even though I paid for it and it said it was delivered but it was never sent.
I liked this bag a lot...until the strap completely unraveled and now the bag is useless. I'm not the only one who has experienced this, according to the reviews. I just wanted to come back and let potential buyers to beware of the issue.
Did not stick at all , waste of money , my second buy for a car mount for a galaxy s8+ , magnet stronger than anything
The protector broke as soon as I took it out of the box, the fingerprint sensor sucks, not enough adhesive, it shifts around. I will never buy this again
It's hard to use. There's no way you can use it effectively. Return it the next day upon received.
DO NOT BUY. Case is useless other than cosmetics. There is no way for the volume and power buttons to be pressed with this case on. Even pressing extremely hard. It's a beautiful case, so I'm highly disappointed it's not functional at all.
This is worst screen protector I ever had. It is much smaller than the screen and edges are not fully sticked on the screen.
About two weeks into having this, it is already dead. Fizzled out with the smell of burning plastic and won't charge up. No lights at all, either before it burned out like it's supposed to do to warn you the battery is low, or during charging.
This is an absolute piece of shit! The magnetic doesn't even hold my phone. So mad I should never of bought this, waste of money
It junk and doesn't work
Doesn't look good and hard to stick.
I don't like them they don't stick well at all
didn't fit the phone model it said it should properly.
like others have said the screw holes do not line up. This is a complete waste of money and time to assemble a phone to learn that you can not complete the assembly. It also came without the power and volume buttons
If you order these speakers and have any issues at all don't plan on their customer service to be of any help. Got my speakers and they did not come with hardware kit or remote. I've called three times and have talked to three different people,, and all assured me those items would be put in the mail. 2 months later and still nothing.
I made a mistake. Dont waste your money.
Worked for a month. Won't turn on. I want a refund
I had this screen protector for 16 days and it cracked. Thank God my watch didn't crack.
They don't work correctly with Quest. They're both wired the same, so the left channel goes to both ears. The Right earbud should be wired differently (and marked as "Right"). Stereo sound is very important in VR.
The phone was looking very nice but i only got a chance to use just for a day or 2... then the software giving me a huge problem... it kept popping up all kind of things at the sane times... evening when i returned this phone back to the seller i have to pay for the shipping with my own money that suck... and it take more than a month to 3months before i got my refund back... but i have to e-mail them back and forward every week or 2... to see where or when can i get my refund back...
Wireless Charger Fail. I got this today but it only works if I remove my cellphone case. The case is not thick and in contrast, I have two wireless charging stands in my house that work just fine with the case on. The purpose of wireless charging it to not have to manually plug in your phone or take it out of a case everyday. Just FYI if your thinking of getting this.
Loved the size and look of this and my Note8 very well but, the clip is garbage. Broker in 2 days.
Do not buy this product. The color is not what it looks like. Completely different.
Never installed because didn't came with the installation brackets or tape, tried with brand new batteries to use it on my dash but didn't turn on. I tried to return it but the seller says that I was alternating the facts????
I have 2 phones, the 8 plus and XS Max, bought protectors for both from this same seller, while i was very impressed with the Max protector, am very disappointed with this. Its NOT end to end, it started to bubble after 4 days and now i have several bubble spots here and there and it bugs the heck out of me and i might have to peel it off and buy another, regrettably since it's a single item with no back up. I love the fact that its very clear and responsive to touch and smooth but the bubble effect is a downer!!!
Not as sturdy as I thought it would be
Chargers are a loose fit . Every time I pick up my phone it disconnects
"Brand new?" More like used looking. Was actually delivered and packed damaged.
Was not at all what i was Expecting. Don't waste your money!! Worst thing you could buy
This product does not work with phone calls. Playing music and charging works fine but when a call comes through, it doesn't work.
There was nothing in the box! No protector! Completely different product than whats showed! Ridiculous mistake!
I just received these headphones and went to charge them to try them out. As soon as I went to take them out of the clear housing package the right side (power button side) came apart. I will attempt to put it back together and hopefully it works but that is horrible that it breaks as soon as it come out of the package. This product is not one that I would recommend and I work out everyday so these would have come in great use.
Honestly this is the worst piece of garbage. Didn't even come close to adhering to my Apple Watch. Didn't even come close. I'd give negative stars if possible. I never review but want to save others from this product.
Product stopped working about a week after the window to return it closed. Wouldn't recommend it. It was an expensive mistake.
WILL FALL OFF YOUR SCREEN! This is not quality AT ALL! One fall will leave your phone face down on a surface unprotected.
This case DOES NOT fit the Note 4 phone. You can also tell it's made out of cheap material. I hate it.
awkward. if you have any kind of casing on your iphone or ipad, wont be able to use this
Won't rapid charge a Google Pixel 1. Attempting to use the USB C connection will cause the Pixel to disable rapid charging all together until the phone is rebooted.
Phone wouldn't connect to WiFi and when it would read the sd card it could only do call even tho my phone bill is paid it could do nothing on the net also not google or play store I'm dissatisfied
This product is easy to install and scratch resistant but it doesnt stay stuck on my phone good and it smudges very badly making your phone look dirty and blurry.
I bought this product specifically for the color (green). Upon use the paint on the phone case started to chip off little by little. I would not purchase this item again.
Received yesterday and tried using it today. My iphone 8 says it's incompatible with my phone. Argh...
i was madd hype that this charger was magical. no it is not. i also kept too see if i was bugging out. nah this takes way too long & does not fully charge through the sunlight. i guess if it's plugged in it can fully charge but that defeats the whole purpose. so sad. I didn't bother returning it because that's a waste of time. I had my hopes up for nothing but that's ok
It wasnt even the right item. Packing says 9 plus but was far to small to be a plus. Annoying
I love the outside of this case and that part of the product is exactly what I was looking for. I returned the item based on the "front" of the case which is merely a plastic bag. Literally, you put your phone in a plastic bag and then place it into the floating/protective cover. I can't imagine being satisfied with this product in the real world.
i wiped my case down with a wet wipe and this happened... not worth the money
This screen protector doesn't fit the screen is to small.
TERRIBLE. Don't waste your money unless you enjoy the high-pitched sound of static. There's static on both Bluetooth and FM settings.
Does not fit the iPhone X .. do not buy this if you have iPhone X
Took this off about an hour after applying because my buttons would not work
Did not work!! buy the apple ones for $9 each
After one month came apart
I bought this case to specifically work with my lighting (wired) headphones. It does not work with them. The headphones are genuine Apple headphones but it will not work with them. It also doesn't not always charge with the phone in as the description says.
Don't bother. Stopped working after a month.
These screen protectors are worthless. Much smaller that the screen so it looks awful. Just an awful product.
This charger takes a long time to charge your phone and it gets really hot very fast, if you like to feel a very hot phone on your ears or in your hand then get it but i will say it's not worth getting it.
I used this cord one time and it no longer worked.
Volume button is not aligned properly. Item doesn't appear to be air tight dust keeps seeping in have to take case off to clean constantly.
Right of the box I can see dark spots on the screen tested it didn't power on not a great experience specially for the price I would think it would work
Horrible product. Not fast charging at all. 2 of the cords aren't working at all. Don't buy this STAY AWAY.
Colors and bands were beautiful. Bands fit but face guards are molded the wrong way. Embarrassing because this was a gift for my mother. Who lives out of town so returning wasn't a option for me unfortunately.
Description says it fits ZTE Maven 3 but it doesn't. The case is way too big compared to the phone.
I had these for maybe two weeks before the left ear bud popped out of the socket only being held on to by the wires.
This charger does not fit my Fitbit. It's huge and they don't do returns. Don't buy from this company.
These are awful im returing them cause they came off in less than 2 hours
A total scam and ripoff! Everyone of these failed within a month. All the “5 star reviews”? DO NOT BUY!
Product was opened when I received it. Box was damaged poor packaging. Had 1 peice of tape half way down the box.
None of the cables worked
Waste of money. Doesn't charge my watch it just drains any remaining battery life out of it.
I have original pixel 2 from Google. It didn't work whenever i used them. Device gave an error.
Nice looking but did not fit my iPhone 8plus
piece of junk failed within 2 weeks
I like that it turned on I dislike that it last 20 minutes and burned up inside 20 bugs for 20 minutes waste of money garbage
Never received item. Even though I paid $$$ for next day shipping here it is 5 days later and never got it. Thankfully Amazon gave me a refund, still a little burned that I had to wait 3 extra days to see if it would show even though it's a prime item and should have made it in 2 days none the less!
Poor quality, 1 month to ship, and broke on the 1st day. The description was misleading as it clearly states quality product not from China yet the return address is Shanghai.
Box that product was suppose to be in was empty no watch covers were in the box
I was not expecting this!!!
They did not stick very well and cracked quickly
Not only did the cord start acting up only three days in of having it (would cut in and out) but the lightning port that goes into your phone actually broke from the cord itself and stuck in my phone on day seven. I work with audio equipment for a living and this is extremely poorly made, even for the price... I thought you couldn't really go wrong with a simple aux cord but apparently you can!
This phone is garbage I received it today and it is rubbish it won't come on.
Worst Case ever !!!!! It's not compatible for the note 8 because it doesn't shut completely. It was poorly made. Don't waste your time purchasing this case. You will be very disappointed . IF I could give it zero stars I would but unfortunately Amazon won't let you
It broke at entry area after a month. Very cheap
I bought two of these cameras and upon installation I discovered that the intercom does not work you cannot speak to your drivers. Also one of the cameras was defective from day one. Tech-support said they are aware of their problem and are working to fix the intercom system
I did not receive the item but its saying it was delivered.
Screen fell off with in a week. Not worth it
did not work for what i needed
After having this in my car for about 1 1/2 years I can safely say it's a piece of junk. Especially since there are other national brands now with same features at this price point. which most likely will actually work. The gps is complicated. Rear camera is useless in dark. The touch screen needs one to use a pointer of some sort in order to work somewhat acceptably. Cant read U.S DVD's. Volume knob is in right. Radio tuner is extremely weak so much that if you drive around say trees, it loses signal. And forget about A.M. stations! And I live in the Los Angeles metro area. Volume signal fades in and out! And so forth. This unit sounds like a deal. But in reality it is only a bad deal. If you have $100+ to throw away go for it. Otherwise spend a few more bucks on something with an actual brand name on it. Or you will eventually be disappointed.
I am very unhappy with this product. It looks very cheap. I will never wear it and will never order from this seller again.
Holes for knobs and buttom completely misaligned
I found it odd upon opening that the suction cup was smeared with a type of glue... 3 months later, under the hot California sun, the glue melted. I cleaned it off and realized that the suction cup was not made of the usual rubbery material but just soft plastic and could never have provided complete seal for suction. So some body must have screwed up in the design or manufacturing process and decided to work around it with glue! Well, look at the picture and you can see the result. It is a piece of trash now.
It only worked for a few charges.
Really cheap material, looks used and dirty
Was very optimistic that I didn't have to buy another pair of apple headphones specific to the 7 and above iPhone designs. However, after trying multiple times to use this adapter and being publicly embarrassed as my music spread throughout half an airplane as the adapter failed I am now thinking I will have to go back to investing more money into apple products. Please fix this adapter thanks.
This seller is a scammer. They are selling prepaid, used phones as new. Purchased this phone expecting to be able to use it, only to find out that carrier won't activate it.
Belt clip and screen protector arrived broken
Headphone jack stops working after 30-45 seconds
Not so much a gray or concrete as a khaki color...I now have 2 more bands that match a band I already have.
Very quickly had to plug it several times before it's charging. Works good when new but pretty quick turned to be a hassle
Do not buy! It does not glue to the screen at all! Only on edges! Totally useless like protector!
i wasn't even able to receive this package. I ordered this through amazon prime 2 day shipping and it didn't arrived after a week. Its been 2 weeks and I placed a refund order and still haven't received the money because the product is supposedly lost in shipping.
Never recieved the product
I never recieved this product and it never came in the mail. It was never delivered to my address
Truly disappointed in this purchase. The cords will not charge when an item is being used. The lengths are amazing and the quality of the cord seems okay, yet I have yet to have anything charge while being use and without being used it takes 12 - 15 hours to increase 25%.
horrible, my screen cracked on first real drop.
Can I return it? The remote uses a lot of battery and hard to change. It also doesn't connect with my cellphone
You can not hear the person speaking when you have this case on. We have purchased Otterbox plenty of times, but this one just isn't a good fit at all.
Imagine you're in an old 50's style car with one speaker in the dash and listening to a faraway AM radio station. That's what these sound like, except worse. Then there's the echo of when the two earbuds get out of sync and the bad connection once or twice an hour. I use them for audiobooks at work during lunch for less than an hour a day so sound quality doesn't matter and I haven't had to charge them, which is the best thing about them. I used them for music once and I thought what I had before was bad, well these are the worst sounding earbuds ever. I didn't realize these had noise canceling. If it does that means you turn the volume up until you hear what you are listening to over the other person in the lunch room that thinks everybody should hear what they listen to. Save your coins and wait for the technology to get cheaper and better. It's too early for cheap wireless earbuds.
It did fit the watch but the battery got swollen within no time
#Avoid - I am returning mine. I connected it to 6 charging cables and this product still does not recharge. (Nor did it come with a charging cable)
These are the worst I used one for about two weeks then it wouldn't work any more and then the same with the other. Strangely enough I got an email from the company asking if they were working. I told them what I said above and they sent 2 more to me no questions asked so obviously they knew there was a problem. Got the new ones and the same thing happened. Do not waste your money
It took two weeks to get this phone. I spent two hours at Sprint store only to find out that that phone could not be activated. Sent it back.
My case arrived with a crack on the side rendering it pretty much useless.
I was really disappointed in these headphones they were very uncomfortable and the sound was so bad like a weird sound I returned them also don't make the same mistake and buy them and then return them you have to pay out of your pocket to return that's bull
Never received the item had to be refunded. :(
Wow never seen such great reviews and by so many. Seems very fake now that I saw the product. Not impressed returned immediately quality is just janky. Only produces good sound when the jack is in a certain position or you will get some static. All-in-all its a cheap Chinese production with fake reviews. Went back and saw that most of the reviews were written between two-days....
Do Not buy it used!!!!!!!,,, I got the gold color used just to save a couple of dollars and it has problem in the micro USB, it doesn't contacts very well!!!....,
The screen did not stick very well to the phone and only lasted one day.
I'm disappointed with this phone case. I've bought this 3 times now and each time the wallet door breaks off with in a couple of weeks.
Phone had a bug in it.
This product lasted a month and now doesn't stick
Stuck to the back of the phone for about 5 minutes. So disappointed because it had my favorite scripture.
It doesn't fit the battery it says it's supposed to charge 😕
This phone is beautiful and amazing, but yesterday it turned off and won't turn back on. Sometimes it will start turning on, display the Google logo, and then turn off again. Apparently this is a common issue, related to the bootloop issue, and since I'm 2-3 months out of the 1 year warranty period, it looks like I might just be out of luck. Buy a different phone if you're attracted to the thumbprint feature. This one just seems to fail eventually for most people.
Very Disappointed with the seller. The unit received was a returned/previously used device. Extremely frustrated!
It doesn't scan very well for FM radio, the antenna isn't strong enough to get the better the radio stations and our antenna port was busted. Super cumbersome and crappy quality.
Too small. Doesn't fit the screen correctly.
The ring on the back is plastic. And not a thick plastic at that. The screen protector doesn't even match the phone well.
Not recommended to anyone at all returned it ASAP
Thank God I had a protective glass screen on my phone, the first time I dropped my phone in this thing it shattered the protective glass. The second time I dropped it the entire case popped apart, I am just thankful my entire phone isn't broken. Also this case makes your phone screen less responsive and it is super hard to type with it on. Waste of money, I returned it and got a refund.
Does not hold a charge
Terrible! Lots of bubbles and just won't adhere! So frustrating!!!!
The slider would not open. case fit as well as expected but could not open it to get credit cards unless you pried it open with a butter knife. Had to return it but they were quick to refund my money.
Scratches very easily. heart monitor is very inaccurate, you can remove it and it will still show numbers for your heart rate. Sleep monitor only works once a day and won't record any other sleep. I was told this was a very good product but obviously not. The only good thing about it was the battery life
I was trying to look for a good case, but this one is not!
I've purchased 2 of these and both stopped working within 2 weeks!
I got these screens for my series 4 Apple Watch. What a waste of money. The screen does not adapt to the edges of the watch so they stuck up and looked horrible. Secondly, I had just put the screen on this morning but a light tap against my treadmill this afternoon shattered a quarter of the screen protector. Such trash.
this was supposed to be a gift. The shipping box was in good condition but the radio package was ripped and sliced open as if someone had returned it and then AMZ or you sent it off to me in that condition. I quickly returned the radios to AMZ.
Own it less than a month and 2 ports dont work already. Poorly made product waste of time and $$
Cracked instantly. First time it slipped out of my hand. Not every hard surface either
I ordered the black Milanese band and it isn't fitting on my ticwatch Express (e).
Very poor quality item. I've bought two from this company and both have at one point just stopped working. Less than a few months and it's broken. Don't waste your money on this
The screen protector covers the Camera and if you try to take selfie, it will come hazy. I returned the product.
It my own fault for not looking more closely, I just assumed it was the same design as the Apple sport band but it's totally different. See the photo attached- the black band is the official Apple one. The main thing is just that the peg points inward toward your wrist and is uncomfortable. It's also awkward to put on since you're trying to pull the male end toward the female instead of the other way around. The holes are slightly too small for the peg and you really have to force it. Pretty disappointing, but like I said it's really my own fault for not looking closer at the pictures.
I recieved the item today but the item is old. I bought the item hoping it would be new. This is not new, it has scratches.
Instantly cracked when I was applying a cover around the phone. I was able to reorder another which arrived quickly. But 2 weeks later that screen has cracked as well. The screen protector disables my proximity sensor. I only purchased this due to its privacy view. I'll have to buy something different.
These are TERRIBLE. Broke after 1 month. DO NOT BUY!
Not as long as advertised short by 1.25 inch. Failed to work after 4 months of use. My thoughts? the outer mesh is strong but the copper wire on the inside fatigued at the head and separated internally. It makes me wonder if being under sized was the reasons it failed? Got a six foot anchor chargeing cable at the same time undersides as well but that still works after a year.
I dont like it, It was awful battery and terrible sound.
Case is nice but the holster clip has already broke bought in Jan says it's military grade not the holster it's a shame just another piece off junk
We ordered this product 2 times for the s8. The 1sT one didn't fit great but it was protective. This one is too long and too wide. It's ridiculous. It covers the speaker and cameras. And has cracked on the sides.
It says it has a .5mm raised edge to protect the screen. Looking at the side view of the phone, the phone is definitely taller & will not protect the screen. My son loved the shark design but I had to return it.
Bad quality. After three months of use was detached from the cell phone
stopped charging after 3 charges
Did not like that it only lasted 6 months. Note that it is just stationary in one car.
Not good. Charged a little and then stops. I returned this item.
Didn't work for long, wouldn't buy this again.
The portable charger has been blinking the white light non stop, I fully charged it for 8 hours, tried to charge my phone and it didn't detect it, I looked up how to fix it and it turns out this happens to others too, with the same exact charger, I tried different cables, still didn't work
I can't believe how badly this product is a scam. I purchased it for my IPhone XS and it hardly reduces any glare, my fingerprints show easily, and it may have been the hardest screen protector to install. I followed the instructional video but it hardly correlated to actually doing it as the backside in the video depicted the side protectors as a separate piece, but when you get in person it's all connected. I actually had to cut off the side protectors because it was so difficult that I decided that the back protection was enough. For the reasons above, I want a refund for this product and encourage the rest of you to look somewhere else for a cheap screen protector.
Does not work with Apple devices. We have tried multiple phones, iPads and even a 5-yr old iTouch which has 2-yr old iOS. Error message is “accessory is not supported.”
Using for a Google Pixel phone, left on over night and it didn't charge. Check the plug to make sure it was in correctly and tried again. It still has no significant charge while using this product.
Changing review rating. All of sudden just stopped working. Purchased in December 2017. It's only April 5, 2018 now. For the price I paid, it should have lasted. I don't even know how to contact seller. The window for return came and went.
I had it a little over a month and it cracked and black border started to fade you get what you pay for.
The Case does not fit the phone. The hole created on the right side meant to accommodate the power button on the right side is not a fit. It presses on the power button making the phone to shut off..
Very cheep product. They stopped working 2 weeks after purchase.
Was delivered to another state on the opposite coast
Cant get it to work on apple phone 6
I will have to order a new case. I feel that this does not protect the phone very much at all. Thought I would give it a try but did not work out.
Installation was easy but lack of focus is a dealbreaker. I guess I'll see if I can find a 2 piece version.
Doesn't keep the wire in place.
The product worked for about 2 minutes and then the led started flashing. I called Amazon customer support they told me tons of people are having the same issue and the product is faulty.
Stopped working, and while unplugging and re-inserting the plugs, a metal sleeve came loose.
Don't buy it is ripped off, wasted of money. Design was horrible touch never work.
Well for starters it doesn't charge very fast or even normal speed for that matter, the top part broke off after one day and it wont go back on and stay. And worse of all ... It doesnt even work after like one week of use. Complete waste of money!!
Horrible only stay charged for about a hour and a half and it's suppose to stay charged for 6 hours.
This pack came with two and they both didn't seal around the edges when I tried to install them
I did change the Display on my iphone and the product didnt work. First the frontal camara and then the display!! I am very mad because i spend my money and this didnt work :(
It didn't work, so we returned it.
Completely fell apart after about 3 weeks of use. Not sure what happened; never experienced a cable failing like this before.
I didn't receive my package
Too flimsy. Made of hollow plastic that looks like it will break after one use. When I use the stand, it wasn't so sturdy. The reach is short as well.
I could have given a zero star. The product is a waste of money and the service is pathetic, I accidentally ordered the same product twice and they would not allow returns.
Not a good quality broken after week
Purchase the 4pk just in case and each one worked for a matter of days and now all of them aren't working, conveniently right as the refund policy ends. Don't waste your money ☹️
I don't have the phone no longer
Never received my package and can't contact seller
This product is HORRIBLE, it only has glue on the outer part of the screen protector. Dust easily gets under the screan protector and in less then a week the screen protector fell off. DO NO RECOMEND! DONT BUY!
Doesn't even turn on. Follow instructions step by step. They are completely charged. Disappointed
Am I supposed to break the plastic grid? Comes with an instruction book that lists a ton of car types but not a jeep wrangler which it said was compatible when I ordered. Looks like it fits if I install it without the radio because there are two plastic X blocking the port. If you buy be sure you have something to cut plastic.
After looking review I buy it , I wash my hand and water spot inside and next day it's Brock walk to Best Buy and buy another for protect my watch. May it's work for other people but not for me. I don't like to give negative review but it's true happen with me. I install another in my son watch and it's come out itself next day.
Stay away!!! dead after 2 months and cant contact the seller stay away
Terrible screen protector. You have to forcefully press the screen at times. It doesn't fit the curve of the screen so there's dust getting stuck on each side. And when my phone fell off my bed from less than 3 feet onto carpet the screen protector popped off. Terrible do not buy.
I bought two of these for Christmas for my kids. They break and fall apart very easily. horrible quality. Do not purchase these.
Product and quality is good but the screen is not so private like I wanted to be
It does not work, a fake
This seemed good in theory, but the installation was very difficult and it barely went around my rear view mirror. I ended up taking it down after a day. This may be better if your car has a longer connector but don't buy if it's short.
Mine was completely defective. When I tried to peel off the protective layers. Only part of it came of, or the wrong side came off. Ridiculously difficult application process and I just wasted good money that I already dont have.
LEDs constantly blinked. I'm an electrical engineer by trade, so I hooked a 12v relay up that was energized by the reverse light. Still didn't work. I connected to a constant 12v supply, still didn't work. It is trash.
Terrible quality. Although they were extremely easy to install, both protectors that I got had discoloration starting from the center of the screen moving outward. Trash quality.
Battery was bad it didn't hold a charge and got hot. Not good at all. Sorry beware.
I am very disappointed that I am unable to charge my iPhone or iPad. You get a message that says the item is not supported. Would have been good to know that before I bought this. I hope to return it trouble free.
Not case friendly and won't stay on
Awful product quality. This screen protector is awful. I dropped my phone and the screen still cracked. the screen protector didn't crack.im disappointed
Aweful. The rubber is insanely thin around charging port and volume buttons. It would stretch and wear out immediately in your pocket. Avoid this case! Just barely raised above camera lens. Loose fit as well due lack of bumper support around entire cover.
I ordered the three pack. I put the first screen cover on my phone and within two days it was not sticking to the right side of the phone in the upper corner. The spot kept getting bigger and after three weeks i took it off and used a second screen protector. Same thing happened within days of putting it on. I gave my husband the third and his is doing the exact same thing in the same area..... I have used many screen protectors and have not had this happen before. (i even used the plastic placement guide that comes with the protectors to install it. So is it me or the proctor??? Not sure. I am going to try a different brand and see how that goes.
This product is absolutely terrible. Does not stick to the screen anywhere but the very edges. Completely rendered the touch screen useless. Someone is either padding or spamming 5 star reviews. If you look, most of the 5 stars are all made on the same day or by the same person on separate days. I have absolutely no respect for companies that either don't crack down on or even condone such dirty practices. Bottom line, don't buy anything from this company. Period.
Annoying greeting when connected, skips a second every 30 seconds annoying, ordered another brand. Do not buy
The case does not properly fit; you cannot charge the phone with the case in place. And the screen protectors do not properly fit because they do not completely cover the screen. We believe this bundle was really made for a different phone.
Exactly 30 days it is dead!Kept showing wrong time, set it and then tomorrow its wrong again, can't get most functions to work(may be an app issue) randomly turns off and screen freezes, have to remove battery and reset time
The two cord that go to the AirPod and phone will not stay in the groves. Also the metal piece that covers the cord to the watch will not stay on.
One cracked before installation. Brittle. Installed second one without issue but it made fingerprint sensor non functional.
Cam worked for 3 weeks then video screen went out. Completely inoperable. Instead of returning to Amazon I contacted the company. They gave me the run around and stopped communicating with me once my return window ended. Can't recommend
It didn't fit on my Galaxy J7
Comes apart continuously, must of been defective. Have to put back together but will come apart again.
It cracked in 2 weeks... I didn't drop my phone
A work in progress. I think I like the 2 piece design better. No problems at all, it just seemed a bit more secure and bulletproof. UPDATE I've had this on the phone for a few weeks. I use a number of apps for bicycling that receive BLE from various sensors on the bike and my HRM. They were unreliable or did not work at all. When I removed this case everything was back to normal. I have to assume that the case was blocking the Bluetooth signals to the apps.
This case does not fit a iPhone 5 and also the home button does not work.
Thick!Heavy!Thick!Very thick!It's about two and a half times as thick as the iPhonex, and it only charges once, which is about one charge per day.
Have a otter box case , and this screen protector was too long!!!.
from USB to my macbook did not work. Went to fedex office and bought a duracell branded usb to to usb-c and worked on macbook
I DONT want a code seen me a labor
Easy to install and looked good but touch screen does not work with the protective cover on.
If I could give this product zero stars, I would. It works, sort of. The problem is, it does not correctly sense which part of the golf course you are on, and therefore displays information about the wrong hole. Unlike previous versions of this product, there is NO MANUAL HOLE ADVANCE / REVERSE. Sheer idiocy. When you start the product, it displays information about hole #1. But what if you are starting on #10, or some other hole as is the case in a shotgun start? The answer is that you are out of luck; the unit will display data for hole #1 -- which of course is completely irrelevant.
Couldn't access features or charge fitbit
The only thing that can in the box was the charge no bluetooth
Good material but doesnt sticks to the screen, keeps coming off, though was maybe one defective so I installed the second one... but same problem.
It fall apart 2 days after I got it not impressed
Was expecting a green case like the one shown. I wasn't planning on spending my money a red case next time specify that
Upon arrival found clasp would not latch (Not where it attaches to the watch but the clasp that allows the band to expand for removal from the wrist). I didn't even attempt to attach it to the watch since it wouldn't stay closed.
garbage after 2 weeks they don't work
My order was incorrect.
Had the band 3 months an already broke
Doesn't fit with case, the liquid did not go all around, did on flat surface, had to push the liquid around and went all over my phone. Leaving a greasy feeling. Not very impressed.
Couldn't see where it boosted signal at all. Tried in a variety of locations and configurations. Waste of money in my opinion.
does not cover the screen in length has to much exposed screen on top and bottom
This thing is a piece of crap. The only way I could anything to work on my phone was to almost pound on the screen to select something. So, if you're heavy handed with your texting and app usage, this is the screen protector for you. If you're a normal person who just wants to easily tap on your screen, don't bother.
Worked good for a month then product stopped charging.
Hate this case. SO hard to take apart to install, the when it is on, the buttons need so much pressure they hurt my finger. Tried to return only to find out it can't be returned. What a waste
Kind of hard to replace the battery when it doesn't come with the tools to replace it.
Received mine yesterday. It does not fit my galaxy s8+ (too big). Compared to other glass protectors I've used, the material is also super thick and not very touch responsive. Returned.
Great product until it completely died after 8 months. It has a year warranty but you'll never receive another product. I tried for over 4 months to get a replacement, only for the warranty dept to continuously tell me they are out of stock.
the phone camera is bad and i hate it....
Got the protectors today. Opened it up to get on my wife's phone and once installed, it doesn't even cover the full screen. Package says iPhone 8plus but it doesn't fit. What good is a screen protector that doesn't cover the screen?
I ordered this product in Brown. I received a Hot Pink one , but the package clearly said brown. I thought I made a mistake and ordered the wrong one.
They're cheap and it didn't arrive
this battery is worse than the original. this battery only keeps a charge for a couple of hours, which is the same thing the original battery does. cheap price for cheap product
I have a not satisfy my needs did not hold a charge is not holding charge
Third party seller so Amazon gave me a refund.
Packaging was opened. Product doesn't work
I've tried everything. I've tried holding them down longer with thumb pressure, tried putting the whole phone in a book, tried reapplying the glass, tried installing the second glass. Nothing helps with the problem. This glass just 100% does not work for this phone. Waste of money.This screen protector is not good, I used it for a few days,instead of the screen protector cracking my actual screen cracked all over the place nothing happened to the screen protector. I'm very unsatisfied with this product. I purchased this because of the high positive reviews, and I was very excited to try this product out for my iPhone X! First I made sure I cleaned the phone spotless and made sure no dust was on it. As I started putting on the screen protector everything that could have gone wrong went wrong. I have never had such difficulty putting on a screen protector as I did with this one. There were way too many attempts with the first screen protector that I ended up having to go for the second one. I was already devastated because this has never happened to me before usually I can have a back up protector. So I had my brother attempt to put on the second one because I thought there was something wrong with me, but It turns out the second screen protector had bad alignment too and the massive amount of air bubbles are still there in the middle of the screen and all around the brother of the phone. I know that having all the air bubbles around the phone are going to make the screen protector come off quicker, and it makes the phone look bad and messy. I am very disappointed and frustrated because I now have to go out of my way to purchase a new screen protector. I would not recommend this product, please be aware when purchasing. Sorry,I have to give you a one star.
My cell phone spends most of its time in a padded pocket in my purse, so i certainly didn't expect this case to brake with less than two month's of use.
compass doesn't work at all, what's going to happen on your hike day need direction? solar charger doesn't work.
I would have loved to give this product a great review but I received my purchase with the glass already shattered. Which was very disappointing.
Throws accessory not supported after a few minutes, iPhone 7, latest iOS update.
The case was super cute, but cams broken.
this product is TRASH!!! does not work and it id waste of money. do not buy
Is there a reason theres a big glue spot that won't com off of my protector????? Why would you send out a product like this?
The product arrived fast and in great condition, but after only two extended uses... the products stopped working. I reached out for support, but to no avail.
After only 6 months the cords hold a charge steady but do not charge the phone.
Didn't work out of the box. It was obviously a returned product as it was dirty, and had no protective film as the one I've seen on a product review video. The wires were wrapped with rubber bands. I've returned the product, and I would not waste my time re-ordering an item with such a poor quality control.
I wish I could give this a good review. These do not charge the iPhone. There are no 'accessory error' warnings etc. It simply does not work. If I wanted to go through the hassle of a return I would, however these are now in my garbage.
An excellent case for an excellent price but measure carefully. I accidentally bought the wrong size and the seller charges postage to return. I will find someone to give it to, instead.
The top part of the product that holds the phone does not stay on and will fall off if it is easily bumped. I am thinking I will superglue to top so it will stay in place.
Did not fit and only secured to top and bottom of screen for a few minutes. The instructions were also very poor. I have a Galaxy S8 and this is not a good product for that phone, especially if you have a case. It popped off every time I put the case on. I have a back case only.
This DOES NOT FIT the Samsung Note 10+, in addition, it does not protect against screen damage!!! This is by far the worst product ever!!! Do Not Buy.
It breaks almost immediately during installation, and because of the curved display that S9+ have, it seems like it doesn't fit...
Photo show a beautiful darker shade of purple and it is really lavender and really plasticy and if you want to put a finger ring on it, absolutely will not stick.
But the charger used it to her three times now it won't work
I received the two different iphoneX covers instead of my screen protector for oneplus 6t
Leg bent and broke first time I used it. Barely nudges the tripod and the thing buckled up. Garbage.
For whatever the reason, the screen of the otterbox doesn't rest on the phone which causes the phone display to not function properly... never were able to use this one. Sad....
Does a poor job of sticking to the phone.
After writing the to the vendor, I was told that I would be sent the correct size but they never did. If I could give it zero stars I would.
Obviously not stainless steal on the bar that links the band to the Apple Watch adapter piece. When it broke I luckily caught my watch before it bounced off of the pavement. Could have been costly if I had been around the water. The band looks very nice, but the latches were also finicky but I was always able to secure it.
This doesn't work for shit. I'm really pissed. THANKFULLY I didn't pay that much for it.
Both my son and myself have the new galaxy note 10 and of course we wanted to protect it, it is an expensive device. After just a few short weeks both of our covers slid right off. The adhesion did not last. We now need to buy new screen protectors.
Broke after 5 months. Won't turn on after a recharge. They were decent headphones before they broke, but they have to last longer than 5 months.
Doesn't sit flush around the edge which leads to cracking.
I have yet to find a current app that works with it. This is bought for gaming and it's failed. Only the joysticks work for games. So all you can do is directional movements. None of the buttons work for games requiring shooting or any other movements. Complete disappointment as far as I'm concerned. Maybe try the $70 controllers. Maybe you get what you pay for with this one.
This cover does not protect the camera lense as previously mentioned. Brand new phone is now damaged over a design defect.
1 of the 2 cords crapped out within 2 days.
Don't expect this to last. Consider another brand.
Sent wrong cover twice
Don't waste your money. These will not stick to your screen
Well it would help if it's the right charger for my phone
It was working perfectly until today, just a little bit over 30 days from when I bought it. My phone does not charge anymore.
Not a great product at all glass did not fit the curve of my sides on my phone
Complete waste of money, 2 useless pieces of plastic that don't fit the phone and are not even out together. Not at all as advertised. Don't buy!!!
This is like the leaves and oily rainbow like blotch in the middle of the screen. Tony visible when light hits it right but it's still there.
I got these for work, I work in a small store and thought they'd work perfectly for easy communication between me and an employee. They have not worked out. We keep trying. They work sometimes but I need to work all of the time. I'm bummed I wasted money on these.
I purchased this to located my phone and car keys. I put it on my sons cellphone to check how it works. The tracker first was beeping like crazy my son wanted to take it out, but that was the separation mode. Once that was out the constant beep was gone. Then we check if i could track him and only work once. After that its day 4 still no working and i was on bluetooth and wifi. Wasted of money. Dont buy !
I was sent the wrong device and I never got the AGREED UPON replacement. Even after multiple emails and extended correspondence. I'd tread cautiously with this seller.
Never worked it didn't connect to my phone junk!!! And can't return I wish I would've read the reviews my mistake
The case did not fit correctly and would hold the power button down so that it would continuously be restarting and then the phone would go in safe mode when I removed the case so most of my apps wouldn't work without restarting the phone.
Very Big size. Low noice quality, unconfortable in ear, bluetooth is bad and microphone is ... bad
it was too big for my ear and keep falling
Broke after first drop, within a week or so.
Never stuck into my phone.
Neither of the pair worked with my iPhone.
The protective glass didn't stick to phone from the first first day.
These are terrible. When I used them for my headphones on my phone, I could hear I hissing sound in the background. I returned these and ended up getting the adapter from apple.
This phone arrived defective. Contacted customer support, and they send a RMA but that I was responsible for return shipping?! Why is the customer out of pocket for return shipping of a defective item? This is an unlocked snapdragon version of an S10 but hope yours doesn't arrive defective, otherwise you're responsible for return shipment to get them their phone back....
This is marketed and labeled (poorly) as an apple item. It is not. Feels like a scam.
Does not work! And every time I try to leave this bad review Amazon stops me! Do not buy
I ordered a quantity of three packages, each package containing three cables so making a total of nine cables, but only got one box of three cables. Did I misunderstand the product information? Package was delivered and was not tampered with. I got charged for three packages, nine cables, too! Fortunately, Amazon customer service were accommodating, since this is a third party vendor.
This holster is way to big for the Galaxy on5 phone.
this product is the worst. I could not set date and time, the route settings are confusing, the screen is dark, it will have you going in circles if you need to change your route or you encounter a detour. Really a piece of crap!!!!!
You are not able to use your earbuds and Only had a few weeks and I wasn't able to use the charge cord with the phone in the case. Had to take The phone out of the case to charge it. Not very well made.
Doesnt work and no option for refund or replacement.
I installed this in my truck. I followed all the instructions and nothing changed. I had a electrical engineer have a look at it and also said not a good product. for the price I paid for this you would think it would work as advertised! not happy.
This battery always needs charging even after 2 hours of use!
There is a “lip” on the edge of the Penom case that doesn't allow you to swipe properly. We thought we had a problem with the watch until we removed this case. It worked perfectly without the case. I also purchase the smiling brand (a 2 pack) & it curves with the watch - works perfectly. Highly recommend that one!
The app advertised in the instruction manual does not work on any phone I tried. I can't even comment on the quality of the camera itself because I can't use it. Sent it back. Worthless!
This speaker is simply weak. It never really play that great and I change the speakers and it still not playing. Now it completely stop working. I will not recommend it
Ordered this product and the adhesive was damaged. I got a return item and that was damaged too the exact way. very unhappy with this product! It wont even stick to my phone
Not compatible with straight talk or t mobile.
You can't use your camera while this is on
All of the reviews are fake reviews. The screen protector has air bubbles and doesn't fit on the edges. I would recommend filtering the reviews to show only verified purchases.
Sorry to say the case fit but at the same time it's to big too the screen is not clear and it was just a bad buy
It needs better adhesive.
Useless. Never managed to get it working properly. Poor signal reception.
Incredible bad, stop working every 30 sec. IPhone says device not supported
Got all in a described, however two weeks after started using them two of them have stopped working. Waist of money -
I guess iv got the wrong one, not for privacy just for protection. I installed properly and nothing changed .. i'll try to order next time from different company. Thnaks a lot for asking..
Not the worst but after only 15 days in use, the charging port cover broke.
They both fell apart after a month. Worked fine but now useless.
These never worked, they don't stay put. The biggest one snapped shut on my phone and nearly threw it out the car window. I ended up throwing them each in the garbage one at a time.
This device did not stick to my dashboard
DO NOT BUY THIS CASE. I unfortunately dropped my phone on the 2nd day with the case and it did not protect it at all. My phone's corner is scratched.
I bought this phone for my mother, and she has had nothing but problems with it. It doesn't hold a charge, calls don't always ring, texting is impossibly complex, etc. After 2 months, I am discarding it.
wire that plus into the phone is not long enough.
look for who ever looking for a waterproof case do some research online.this isn't for u or anyone.this is the worst and trust me for this price there are so many others that are better
It's already broke after about 20 days. Volume button and power button covers have cracked. All because I simple removed the case to clean it.
Worked great at first, then started making this humming sound. I was afraid it was going to burn up. Ended up trashing it.
Bought these for travel. Worked great for one night of charging, but wouldn't charge any of my Apple devices a second time (phones, iPads). I didn't use them until I was already outside my return window.
the case was too small. I reached out the seller to get a shipping label because we don't have a local UPS Store the closest one is 48 miles away. However, I haven't had any luck getting one so I guess I will just have to try to sell since I can't get my money back
Don't buy this product, if you are looking for a new item and/or with apple warranty. This is a used product, even though they did not mention this in the item description. In the product description, it was mentioned as a New item, but it's a used item. Also the seller info, item info are changed after I finished purchasing this item. Please see attached.
The headphones don't even show up in devices.
The screen sucks. After installing it dirt nd stuff has gotten under the screen protector somehow and i have to press down very hard.
Rebuilt and does not work very well Sad for the price ... Needs to be rebuilt ....
It didn't cover the whole screen....not even close
I bought 2 sim card from this First one I had too call to activate because it said that my amazon order # is incorrect. Then, the customer service sent an emailed to different departments to solved it. Second sim card I had to call them too because is had the same problem like the first one. However, they said that I have to take the screenshot by myself and send it to different department to solve it, he didn't even want to do it while he can. This sim card from this company too complicated to activate, and the customer service is very bad.
I wanted to love these. But on the two that I got, the corners are very sharp and left scratches on my face during sleep. Also, the clock wasn't as sharp or clear with them on. I'm sending them back. Maybe mine were defective.
There's nothing worse than when you get a new phone and order a case for it and when that case arrives it is defective. Don't this Company ruin your new phone experience. Hopefully I don't break it or damage it at work while I wait for a new case.
Didn't receive original order I got cheap item. Seller refund me.
no good want y money back RECIEVED ANOTHER ONE AS A REPLACEMENT MESSED UP ON 2ND DAY
Ordered 20 September. Estimated delivery date was changed and it still wasn't received by that date with no communication from seller
I have not been able to make it worl
The screen protector is too small for the phone. It is not meant for the LG V30. Waste of money and time.
The screen protector does not cover all of the screen as shown in the display. It's a completely different screen protector then the one advertised.
Only one came in a box of two. The one had something on it. Then they want the customer to jump through hoops.
Fire hazard it melted after the first use
Could not hear very well. The service plan is a joke, as is the customer service.
The tempered glass is too small for the phone
These only worked for a couple of times.
Phone keeps getting hot while it's in the case and have to keep take it out even win your use the phone it gets so hot while in the case not the phone it's been check it's the case
This is a wet application process. There are no written instructions instead you have to watch a video with 15 steps to know how to do it. The video went too fast for me to follow along as it went.
Horrible!! It doesn't work! Dont buy it!
concept is great, but not the product it breaks easily
This was obviously not designed for a pixel 3a. The shape is accurate, however it is about 50% the size it should be.
All cords were broken in couple of months
Product didnt have any instructions and no way to adhere it to the phone. Seemed like things were missing.
Bought this phone in Aug and within a couple of days noticed that the battery kept dying quicker and quicker. Didn't download apps, had the lighting on the lowest point trying to keep as much battery life as possible. Eventually had to keep it on "life support" with a charger attached to it at all times. Became ridiculous. Sent the phone in for a refund... I'm still waiting for it.
Glass screen protector came damaged inside the package and was full of fingerprints. Plus, instructions come INSIDE the case. So no way to even know how to open it correctly. Poorly made cheap glass screen protector and handled improperly.
I cannot even type with the case on because the screen protector is so thick. Not a fan...
BROKE AFTER 2 WEEKS! Did not have packaging to return so all I can do is warn others. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY!
It did not charge phone
I have to return this screen it does not work it may be a defective one but when I use my old screen it lights up but this one does nothing.
Phone flops around and its not secure.
Do not buy. Doesn't fit phone correctly and doesn't allow touch screen to work properly. Finally just had to give up and take it off. Touchscreen would not register touch except in the center portion of the screen. Waste of money.
Was liking this product until I dropped my phone while in case and picked it up my camera was shattered, so disappointed because o have only had this phone 1 week
This case doesn't look like it does in the picture, it is a yellow mirror case irl.
in the purchase I ordered an unlocked phone, when I get the phones only work with at & t network, so I lost my money in the purchase because in my country I do not work and the charge for unlocking the network of a phone is really high. It seemed like a big hoax that made me lose my time and money because Amazon did not help me solve my problem either.
It served its purpose, charging wasnt fast but it kept my phone alive for A MONTH then set itself on fire and almost burned down my desk. I would pass on this product, just go invest on the actual charged from Samsung that wont kill itself !
Never Received. Says it was delivered and put in mailbox, but never got it!
Having everything you needed was great, but the battery itself is garbage. Lasts only slightly longer than the battery I replaced it with. 3-4 hr long life before completely dead with moderate phone use.
This thing does not work after just one use. I do not recommend you buy it. It is a piece of junk
Have not received also I see my refund state sending it back I cannot send back something I have not received yet
Received on time but it doesn't work at all. I tried multiple times and made sure everything was pushed all the way in but it would not work.
The product didnt fit my phone. It did not stay in place
The screen protector did not protect my screen at all. An empty glass vase fell over and hit the front of the phone. The screen protector did not break, but the glass on my phone shattered.
As soon as I got the unit I plugged it in and it started smelling like something was burning. I smelled the converter and it was from inside. Did not work either when I was ready to go.
Dose not stick in place waste of money
The replacement ear hooks never arrived and tracking said that they should have arrived more than a week ago. This is very frustrating, please send the ear hooks to me as soon as possible.
Bought new and got used. Would not recommend am very upset.
Very cheap plastic, "kickstand" broke after only a few uses, and buttons are so difficult to press that I had to download an app to do screenshots for me because holding the two buttons together at the same time was nigh impossible.
After a few weeks it stopped recharging despite lighting up when connected to power.
Only used it on occasion but it got really hot with every use. I have since stopped using it because the temperature frightens me.
PLEASE DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!
I could not put it on. So I threw it away
Does not fit iPad mini 4 do not buy if that's what you are getting it for
I like to check reviews before I make a purchase, however, most of the companies figured out how to improve their reviews to be all 5 stars. I like to see 2-3 star reviews to understand the pros and cons. This was my first red flag on this product. Then I received the product, the first screen protector was cracked right from the package. (Red flag 2) I kept my patience and tried to apply the second one to my phone, the cleaning wipes didn't work and my screen turned oily. (Red flag 3) I cleaned this with my own products and got the screen ready now the dust tape they provided left sticky marks all over my screen. Which took me another 15 min to clean up. ( Red flag 4) the final outcome as you see in the photos, the product does not fit my note 9 ... not even close. Is this a joke? I wasted so much time and time is money. Do not buy this product. Look somewhere else. Lesson is learned.
Please do not by this product! I don't want anyone to have the same issues especially on a new phone. I bought 2 of these chargers and since then battery life is horrible. From 100% in the morning and 30 min later it's at 67% I'm not exaggerating it's a week old iphoneXR and this charger is messing up the battery life. I don't want this to happen to anyone. Trust me you're better off saving your $25
Product stopped working after a month. Waste of money.
Overall this case looks amazing when your phone is in it. But something about the alloy of the metal interferes the signal. Which makes drop call happen very often. I did read reviews about signal issues, I just had to really see for myself.
The hole is very narrow and it does not fit the screen at all.
What i ordered was too big for my phone. Hopefully once they receive it back i can get the correct size.
I bought this product less than a month ago and the last 3 days I am unable to charge the battery case. I have tried using 5 different chargers and am very disappointed that the product stopped working less than a month after purchasing
I bought this in August and it's not charging. Any ideas? I'm on vacation and I need this back up power supply.
Lasted a little over a month. Broke at base !! Very disappointing product !!
Sensitivity is crap and it cracked already. Won't purchase again
Cheap zipper failed second time I zipped it. I returned it immediately.
Fit is off around speaker and perfect at button, stuck well accept I have manto on my screen backwards cause it wouldn't stick in the area that the glass Adhesive was on from shipping to myself so when I came to install fitment was not correct and also having Manto in bubbles in the middle of screen
Could not get it to pair with my Dodge truck. I have both original keys and I followed the instructions exactly. Had to return for refund.
Didn't work when I plugged it in I was told this was not a supported device
I never got this item from the mail. I filed a report from USPS. And USPS mentioned to notify seller that the package was possibly stolen.
I didn't receive my purchase
They sent me a completely wrong detector!! Unbelievable how the vendor was trying to get away with selling me a lower class then he advertised. Just compare the radar he sent me with the pictures. The radar also is terrible as well. Detects false radar signals when no cops are around and doesn't detect anything when I pass a cop gunning cars. Terrible!!
I purchased this phone to use with my Verizon plan. Since purchasing, I've traveled out of the US to Canada and Mexico and the phone has not worked internationally either time. Verizon support finally said that this phone does not have the same features as a Verizon model phone, so global data roaming will not work. I was under the impression that this phone would work fully with any carrier as it is an unlocked device.
Do not buy. Fingerprint sensor DOES NOT WORK, even after deleting and adding them again. Waste of money.
The lighting end on both of these cables and my other two anker cables failed in just over one year! Garbage!
I cant connect my apple phone. All time was message - this Item do not support
Not sure what else to say they did not work
My 10Ft charger stopped working after 2 weeks of use.
The other port had no power and didn't work
It broke the second time I used it and I was gentle!
It doesn't work well. It keeps pausing the music and starts playing on the speaker instead. You can hear static noise in the background.
Waste of money I ordered this for one of my devices and the battery life pretty much wasnt any good my best advice is save your money and buy a newer device and you will save money I had to shit this back to return it for a refund!!!
It quotes working after 5 weeks
I bought it n not even three months the ring was broken, luckily my phone didn't break. I want my money back please
The charger did not work on my iPhone 8 plus even with the case off and after two weeks, the car mount would no longer stick to the dashboard
Don't remember what this is for.
It has a horrible texture that feels weird and doesn't let u do anything
This dongle lasted all of one week. Terrible quality. Do not buy
The power bank arrived last Tuesday, and since Sunday it has not charged. I have tried the charging cable it came with in addition to other types of cables to no avail. I will be returning this item.
These don't even charge my iPhone XR. I tried the 10ft one and it's not even doing a god damn thing. Such a waste of money.
I have owned this phone carrier for less than a month and the belt clip snapped off and it is in the garbage. Poor construction and poorer choice of materials.
No one could hear me on the phone with this case. Will be sending back.
did not purchase this item
it says it was delivered but I never recieved it
I bought this to use with an iPhone 7plus the cord only worked for 1 day. I do not recommend this item.
color goes in month don't waste money to buy this
too tight for iphone x could not fit screen protector over the phone and get the case on.
Battery does not hold a charge for more than 24 hours. Will not retain date or time setting. Extremely bright blue led when powered on which is distracting when driving at night. Would return if I could. Think I'll gift it to my mortal enemy.
Is not supported by apple and will NOT project Netflix downloaded videos onto a tv. After many hours of troubleshooting with Netflix and Apple it was determined to not be a supported product by Apple. Buyer be aware that not all images will project.
I ordered moto e4 screen protectors and somehow got sent moto e4 plus screen protectors. Not really happy with the mistake.
Case didn't last a week t started peeling off
If you really want to find invisible radio sources, you have to be very close.It does what it should but the sensitivity is dramatically lower than stated.
I ordered two. Received one that didn't work. The data/specs printed on unit can not be read. Don't buy from this vender
Radio does NOT have Bluetooth and it will not charge an iPhone. Crap radio. Buyer beware.
Phone is very good except it's re-boot on it's own and makes it useless
Not high quality. very plastic-y. The sliding door is difficult to open. Had to use fingernail to pry open.
Broke as soon as I put it on my Apple Watch. Thank goodness I didn't wear it outside of my own house otherwise I would have lost my Apple Watch!!!! Extremely disappointed. I was sooo looking forward to this band out of all the ones I bought. I would not suggest buying or wearing it unless your willing to lose your Apple Watch which is a million times more expensive then this cheap band. BE CAREFUL! I'm just so lucky I didn't leave my house.
45 days ago I bought this equipment and I feel that my money was stolen because the equipment is defective, it is blocked, it is downloaded at 8 o'clock, it is not connected to the app, it is a bad quality device, I DO NOT RECOMMEND IT I feel cheated because I buy in good faith and I have a team that does not work
Doesn't work with my iPhone 7 Plus. Doesn't do anything. Just a waste of money. Don't buy.
Stopped working. Waste of money.
It's a refurb, I get it. The screen looked fine if you look at it dead on, but tilt it at all and you can see the junked up pixels. Very obvious that this phone was previously water damaged. The phone also had near chunks missing from the corners-- which I would have been able to get over if the screen was okay. But it wasn't. Not desperate enough to keep this phone. I'd rather spend a little more and not have a phone that was not obviously abused by the previous owner. Oh, and they make you pay for the return shipping. Avoid at all costs.
Ordered 2. One was blown in a week, other lasted about 3 weeks. Ran with a Kicker amp.
will not stay clipped to the camera like it should so can't utilize it to take pictures
The slot/hole for the on/off button is too low and doesn't catch. I have to take the case off to lock the screen. It's horrible!
It has glue or something around the edges of screen protector and the screen doesn't respond to my touch anymore poor
this was a very bad screen protector. i've bought multiples that look like these but that have actually worked amazing. however this wouldn't stick to the screen of the watch and move around. at one point the screen protector actually came out and fell. i wish i would've actually worked.
Nice quality but didn't last. One cable has already died.
Horrible product. Waste of money. Did not adhere to the screen.
Does not charge my USB c phone. Waste of money.
It is already falling apart, I have only had it one month!!
These do not work well for me. It charges my Fitbit Flex 2, but takes much longer than the original one my Fitbit came with. I plugged it into different places, but they all are much slower than the original. I gave them 1 star because it does work, but just not fast enough to my liking. Too lazy and not worth the hassle of sending them back.
I bought these for Zion. Took them to the narrows and used them for the subway. After using them for 2 days one of the sticks would no longer extend and lock. It just kept spinning. The second one is still functional but I expected them to last longer than 2 days of hiking. Look elsewhere for hiking sticks.
background noise when not playing music, disconnects really easily. Threw them away after trying to use them a couple of times.
Did not fit my Samsung galaxy gear s2 watch as said.
Does not work! I just got this yesterday. I will use it for 5 minutes and it starts beeping like it's going dead. I put it on the charger and it says it's fully charged but won't turn on. It will not work. I'm returning and I've been issued a full refund.
this case stopped working within a couple months i don't recommend it
This is the worst item I have ever purchased on amazon, amazon should consider dropping this product
I have less than a week and my phone has not drop or anything and the screen alredy crack on it's own. Kinda waste of money. ! A
I purchased this case thinking it would be good quality case based on the reviews and ratings. I bought the clear black and I noticed that it did seem to appear different (the volume and power button) but I still bought it. it didn't even fit my iPhone 6 nicely and seemed that there was excess room in the case. once I had the case on my phone i tried to turn it on. At first I thought it was jammed but then I realized that the ALL of the side buttons were EXTREMELY hard to push and use. I hated this case so much i had to go back to my old broken case because i couldn't turn my volume down, and the phone off and the buttons even left an indent on whatever finger i used.
Awful fit. Nothing else matters! DOES NOT FIT THE LGV30 PROPERLY! CUTS THE SCREEN OFF!
Will not charge. Returning
The clasp isn't sturdy and where it curves to clasp the phone it snapped and is now unusable. Very disappointed. James W. Buck
2 out of the 3 chargers died two weeks after I bought them. 1 is still working but I had to order more chargers from a different brand because, since the other two went out, I'm expecting it to die any day now.
The other side couldn't hear me very well, I bought 2 of these and both of them have the same problem. Very bad quality
Magnet couldn't hold the phone at all, very weak magnet. Worthless,
Sound quality wasn't very good lot of static.
Doesn't hold securely enough.
The screen is super dim, you can barely see it and the brightness is all the way up!
Map format is meager and poorly laid out. Backlight intensity range limited.
It won't play any DVDs that I have
Micro sub end wore out in 30 days. Good that it is a package of 2 - I've got a charger cable for 2 months!
I was for a tablet it did not fit it
These will not hold a charge and the sound quality is not good. I would have returned them but I threw the package away do yourself a favor and spend the extra 20 bucks
The sound quality is awful from these earbuds. I have to turn my volume up high to get a decent sound, but even then you can tell that these earbuds are cheap. Not to mention they always fall out of my ear. You're better off buying better quality like the Apple earbuds. These are just not worth the money.
There was only two screen protectors in the set when there was suppose to be three.never but from them again!
Was diffidently not for a 42mm Apple Watch these screen protector was too small !
Never really worked right. Top section breaks off with light use. Second one like this. This is less than two weeks old.
Stopped working although fully charged.
The back of the phone case shattered in my pocket after only 2 days of having it on. I now have a pocket full of glass.
I was under the assumption that there was two ear buds not one can barely hear from it not happy
Very frustrated because no instructions included with system on how to work it. Have contacted company asking for instructions and NO response. I guess because they already have my money. I have tried to search on line for instructions NO LUCK!! This may be a great system but unfortunately I can't use it. DO NOT BUY UNLESS YOU ARE FAMILIAR HOW INTERCOM SYSTEMS WORK.
Very inconsistent. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't. Poor English instructions. Good concept if it worked. Printing return label now.
Doesn't work at all.
I've has this product for about 6 months. They rarely, if ever, stay on my ear when running. I've tried all sets of the ear plugs but all have fallen out. They are also not sweatproof. If sweat falls into your ear they slide out and the music sounds far away. Not good quality for sound either, must turn up to full volume to hear decent music.
Not worth purchasing
I never recieved it Although it says that it was delivered Saturday and it's now Wednesday and I still haven't gotten it :(
This is a horrible! The adhesive is only around the edges and it barely sticks. Also, it makes the Note 9's stunning screen blurry.
Wrong size sent. Can't install. Haven't yet begun the process of returning this product. For the cost it's not worth my time but I'll feel ripped-off if I don't return. Tossed the packaging already. Extreme hassle to me.
Lasted about 1 week before it started to come off
Paid extra for 1 day shipping and my package was delayed... I want my money back
One of the two cables that I received didn't work.
The female jack port does not allow the male headphone jack to fit properly. It does not go all the way inside. iPhone alert that the device isn't supported.
I really want to love it and give it 5 stars. Honestly if I was writing this review within the first month or two of purchasing it I would be. It's comfortable and so very convenient. The issue is that it doesn't last. You'll be buying a new one every couple of months due to the rod that's holds the ring will start to come this. This results in a loose ring that no longer works as a phone stand, is insecure in your hand and doesn't sit well on the magnetic in the car. Again, you'll love it at first and it's a good purchase only if you want to keep buying them over and over again.
It's very slow. The gps has a hard time finding satellites. Go for a better unit.
bubbled up around the edges of my phone, could not get it to lay flat. Buy a glass one instead.
Product came broken.
When I plug this into my phone it says accessory not compatible
This screen protector simply does NOT stay on phone. It lifts up on the corner and does not work!
It only work up to 2 miles Not 18 miles. Seller's Description is not accurate.
Didn't even last a day!! While playing music over this Bluetooth this thing just suddenly stop working. Apparently it is low quality made. I'll give it a credit for the sound quality it produces but the durability sucks.. now im buying a different brand over here in amazon hopefully it last longer than less than a day... Dont buy this thing! It is a waste of money look somewhere else. Goodluck! I hope this helps.
Does not work on iPhone. Waste of money.
Sound quality is good when they work but it cuts out all the time. The batteries also only last for several hours. My first time using them they didn't make it throughout my work day.
This case is peeling on the edges this probably will not last a yr will not buy this again where the magnet clasp meet leather peeled off already again will not recommend to anyone
After one month this stopped working. It was light use and left in my car no over heating. This is trash don't waste your money. It's too late for me to return but I would not recommend.
Received broken. Did not work.
Broke right away! terrible product
None of these stay in my iPhone. I connect them and they fall out. Super disappointed.
Cracked and broke within 1 week! Horrible!
It's super slow at charging my phone battery and drains the battery life even more. Was pretty dissappointed.
The case arrived damaged and liquid inside of the case came out. Horrible product
I have been waiting almost a year for a replacement battery for this phone. I can't believe a company like RCA would make a phone that you cannot replace battery, planned obsolescence, they want you to just buy a new phone.
I purchased this item less than a year ago & it will only stay charged for 24hrs before recharging it again;-(((
Fit perfectly, but almost daily another plastic piece breaks off. Will have to buy a new one in a day or two.
Didn't work. Tried to return and replace, just to give it a second chance. Awful. Still haven't gotten my refund after returning both.
I ordered this print in August 2019 and it is now October. I received a message from Amazon that it would be credited when the item was received back to the seller. Couldn't tell you where in the universe it is bit I never received it but I paid for it. I gave up and bought Ailun brand, recived them in two days. Buy them instead.
This wasn't the product I was looking for I don't need a light I was looking for the one with the charger this not no use for me thank you
Immediately didnt work
Never received product only the phone case in my order they completed an investigation and said I wasn't being refunded or replaced for this item I was hung up on twice I was told to file a police report for theft if package was open but the package was not opened I'm severely dissapointed with amazon for handling this the way they did basically I was robbed for 170$ and there's nothing I can do about it !!! Unreal!!! I hope that anyone out there doesn't go through this same problem because to be hung up on when your trying to get answers twice in the same call from 2 different supervisors isn't enough I can't believe my eyes that this is happening !!! Shame on you amazon just shame on you
These are awful, pointless, and waste of time and money. I have gone through 4 in a week and a half, 2 of which were actually on. First off, they are not easy to put on. First time, I threw away 1 before I was able to figure out how it works due to lack of instructions. All you get is referred to a video that wasnt helpful. Finally got the 2nd one on and felt it was good. No visible bubbles. 2 days later it was peeling back. Tried again, same thing, first one was just figuring out how to get them on, threw it away because you pretty much have to touch it and I was worried it wouldn't stay stuck, again. On the 2nd try, 4th screen protector, it was perfect. Didnt touch it and no bubbles. The screen protector didnt even make it though the weekend before it reached the point shown in the picture. It cant protect your watch if they are only half attached. DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY OR TIME!
It charged pretty quickly the one time it did work. Both chargers stopped working after one use..came in yesterday, being returned today
Absolutely does not work for my new iPhone 7Plus. After about 5 seconds the screen showed “not a supported accessory “ or something to that effect.
It was so dark I had to take it off my phone. Even with the screen as bright as it would go, couldn't see anything. Don't recommend.
Sad. Was looking forward to this phone and and opening, there were 2 piercings on the screen. Guess buying from AT&T is better? Disappointed. 2nd item I have returned from Amazon in the last 5 years.
Does not stick well. Fell apart just after 2 hours of use and definitely not phone case friendly.
Product broke fast, terrible protection.
Terrible product. Scratchy sound. Move your headphones and it would pop out. Waste of money.
Never received this product,called customer service,don't remember what they told me but never got a new one.
Never received the item.
My tempered glasses were broke when I Received them from UPS. Inside the box, was two cracked/broken glasses.... I'm very dissapointed
Received this product and opened the box however the band is nice it is not great quality and is very big. Upon receiving the band of the strap has already been torn and broken. Very upset client. The band runs very big and a size M/L would be a better fit.
Charged it all night, nothing happened. Sent it back
One of the cords (the 3ft one) came broken.
Absolute garbage. Internet never worked. Completely stopped charging after two months and now it's a completely worthless paper weight. Don't waste your money on this steaming turd. Trash phone.
This does not work with iPhone 7 Since this is not a certified apple accessory.
I drop my phone as much as the average person, but after having this case for a few weeks and dropping it ONCE, my back glass cracked on my phone even with the case and a screen protector on. Not at all what I would expect from a $60 case. I am ordering the Otterbox, half the price and double the quality. I will say that the dried flowers are beautiful, but quite useless if the case doesn't protect your phone. My brand new phone is cracked after only owning it for a few weeks.
have to wait a moment the letter comes up when typing
Missing from shipment....
Looked great until installed. After installing all the parts top and bottom found out the screen was defective! Very dissapointing. Now I have to also return it... Really dissapointing.
Bought 2 different cases with correct dimensions from amazon NEITHER worked fir the Lg tablet in question
This sucks I would give it a 0 if I could
I haven't received it yet...... Suppose to be delivered already but is late.
definitely not leather!
Said it was suppose to come with the belt clip. When checking out it asked to do a package deal for temper glass protectors. So I did it and then it changed the case option and now i didn't get the phone clip/ kickstand
Unit was worthless...return was denied
Installed screen protector then installed case screen protector cracked not case friendly obviously.
This product fucking sucks. Charger goes on and off and doesn't really work. Had it 2 days.
I had this screen installed and only half of the touch works. I have to keep flipping my iPad in order to touch in certain spots
Very disappointed they were ALL cracked
Lost it's shape after taking it off the first time. Ended up throwing it away.
I purchased this in August to use for my earphones at the school I work at. I have not had the opportunity to use them until now. It does not work with my apple iphone or ipad to listen to my webinars. There is an error that it is not compatible with my product. Useless and a waste of money. I just clicked on the description from I purchased it and they are no longer available and have a one star. Buyer beware. I did not notify the seller as I purchased it almost 3 months ago and figured they wouldn't replace them anyway.
They stopped working with the iPhone after a month. It seems that the iPhone recognizes that they are not apple products
Not so great rough edges doesn't cover phone entirely
Terrible charged battery and still didn't turn on!
It was bulky and I exchanged it for one I like better
Bought it hoping to be able to charge and use audio and mic input function of iphone at the same time obviously. The female ports were much larger than pictured with the plastic inside the casing appearing to not be plastic at all, but a cardboard-like material. Wouldn't mind so much it actually worked, but was clearly sold an already damaged unit. The charging port appeared to work intermittently, but headphone port did not function at all. A lot of these dongles out there, but this was recommended by Amazon as the no. 1 choice, no guarantee that item will be in working condition.
Is there a belt clip that fits this phone
I want my money broke the first time I put it on my phone no good
Easy to put on, but my fingerprint scanner didn't work with it. I even tried to register a new fingerprint it said make sure scanner is clean and dry, I figure it's because of the glue on the screen protector. The circle for the fingerprint scanner is also a turn off.
Delivered and it does not even work. Took it to the Verizon store and they said that there is nothing they can do to help. Wanted to use it before my trip but it was too late.
The installation was very easy but after less than a week of use the glass started to slide around the screen and doesnt stay in place. It also started to get dust around the edges of the screen. DOESNT WORTH THE MONEY.
Quit working within the first week.
One only worked for playing music. That's all.
I'm pretty sure it's not a matte screen protector because it's still shows a lot of glare and the edges don't seal down which makes it have the bubble effect. Definitely will not buy again
Recognizes it for 2 minutes. Then I have to take it out and plug it back in.
Disappointed in this product. I purchased this looking for a good quality case that would protect my phone without making it too bulky. It does great at not being bulky. Somehow the top piece of plastic broke within after a month of owning. I never figured out how it broke. When it broke it hit the back of the phone where there is no rubber piece under it and cracked the phone. Otterbox replaced my case at no charge. They were supposed to refund the shipping but didn't. I'm out of luck on the cracked phone.
Only worked a couple weeks then all cords started shorting out at the port. Covers easily slide off. You get what you pay for with these cords.
Breaks & hangs over edge way to much. Sent back immediately
I ordered this a month ago to give to my Mom for Mother's Day. I've purchased three frames from this company. This is the second time I have received one that DOES NOT WORK. And this time, I gave it as a gift. I can't find anywhere where I can request a refund or get a new frame. I will gladly send this broken frame back. I'm upset because I gave it as a gift and when she opened it, it didn't even work.
Watch band is all scratched up. Not worth the price.
I really liked the look of this product, but it was nearly impossible to get the links out to shorten the length of the band. I ended up sending the product back because I could not reconnect the links.
Worked well first weeks after that device would black out while using, wouldn't recommend
Did not work when I received the package. I tried hooking it up in my boat and nothing. Tried testing it on the battery direct and nothing. Product felt really cheap. Not sure how many waves it would have taken to break it, but thankfully I do not have to find out.
I bought two of these and both stop working after a few months. One started burning up USD card to where you could not use it any longer had to purchase new ones after a few months. The other one did the same but also the face of the camera fell off.
Can still see the the screen at different viewing angles.Not a good one for privacy. I've used better.
This screen protector sucks you didn't send me a scraper to get the bubbles out and it supposed to be a none bubble screen I do not like it I wish I could return it
Did not receive a black clip as the product and packaging advertises.
Hi, love the product. The clip is just really skiny. It snapped just getting out of my car. Any way to get just the part that broke sent out to me?
Charger stopped working after 2 weeks of having it
It's not worth 50 cents I have only had it two days and it's already broke.
These did not ever work well. They would always cut in and out even when iPad/iPhone was less than a foot away. About 5 weeks into owning them, they're would no longer charge or turn on. I tried many different cords and outlets to no avail. Big disappointment. Save your $20
Only the edges of the protector have adhesive, so the portion that covers the screen doesn't stick to the screen. This leaves a gap I guess you could say and messes with the displays responsiveness, making it very annoying to have. Dust also somehow got under the protector after I installed it.
The product is of so bad quality.it does not stuck to screen.If installed touch would not work.
This is by far the worst item that I have bought via Amazon. The charger does not work. It charge my Apple Watch but not the phone. I wish I kept the packaging of this product. I would've returned this if I could.
Stopped working after a few months
Got this today and one of them was broke and now the second one just broke
This is the first time I've ever cracked a screen protector. I didn't even drop my phone, so I have no idea how this happened. Had it on exactly one month. Return window closed yesterday and today it's broken. Disappointed.
Cheap, after a few weeks started to not work. Now the music being played from my Ipod sounds like I am listening to AM radio!
Garbage. Just broke today. The first time I tried to install it since I got my new watch.
Had the product for about three months the one I purchased was black all the black color started to chip away showing a silver base Not very happy also the screen is not that clear it protects the watch well but don't expect the same clarity as a tempered glass screen protector
They random power down all the time. Sometimes every 15 seconds or so. Great battery life but it's a waste because you constantly have to be reconnecting to your phone.
This product is very cheap and doesn't feel like it will protect the phone if dropped. Now I haven't dropped it yet so I can't say it won't protect your phone but it appears it won't. it says the case is 100% guaranteed well mine broke just putting it on. So needless to say I bought a different one but not from you. I now regret buying not only 1 but 2.
DONT BUY BROKE SAME DAY WE RECIEVED AND SELLER WONT REFUND OUR MONEY BEEN A FIGHT THEY ALSO MADE US PAY SHIPPING TO THEM ON THE RETURN STILL NO REFUND SAVE YOUR MONEY DONT BUY
It works but its cheaply made. Has a short the first time I used it.
Bought this based on the fact it lists Pixel 2 as a compatible device and my phone literally tells me it's incompatible.
Very flimsy and cheap looking. I got another case instead because one drop in this case and my phone would be shattered. But I suppose it is what you should expect from the price.
Caution! The headphones breaks very easily! It extends the arm but if you try to open the headphones to put them on the arm breaks. I bought a pair with similar design from a different company for my other child and it never breaks so I believe these are simply cheap quality. Don't buy these!!
Too slippery, cracked screen first week. Slips easy from most surfaces. Cool design but easy to drop.
I've had these less then three months and they have all stopped working and will not charge my iPhone.
This is a worst product, after just using for 1 month the camera app and gallery app didn't worked at all, it gets hanged when I try to click the icon. I'm living with it but wow after couple of months when i try to charge this, it continues beeping and never start.
I've had this phone for maybe a week and now it won't charge. Nothing happened to it just stopped charging. Used two different chargers and it still won't charge.
Was able to get it to work once and then it never worked afterward. Shame nintendo is so greedy with their "official" dock.
Awful didn't even stick and most likely because it has the wrong radius curve for the s8
As expected it was big when I got it. There is a special tool you have to use to take the some of the links off to adjust to you. The back of the links there are specific arrows that tell you where to insert this tool and it should release it from the other links. I followed the instructions and the tip of the tool broke off. So now I'm stuck with a huge band. The material for the tool did not look durable at all.
Does not cover the full screen of the watch
Doesn't let you add contacts - comes with every little instructions. Hate it
Have had this on my phone 5 days, already has a crack on the bottom and I haven't dropped my phone.
Different product sent than what is shown. Product sent does not fit phone. I've submitted 4 return requests through amazon and gotten no response. Ringke phone line has no answer and no option to wait, website advises that email is not sufficient for customer care. This item is now unavailable, so it is clear they ran out of stock and sent something else.
These are complete garbage. The curvature of the screen protector doesn't match the curvature of the screen on the S8, so you can only get one corner to stick at a time. These were applied to a brand new phone, and the screen was cleaned thoroughly (wet, dry, dust removal) before attempting the install.
product arrived faulty. would stop charging with slightest bend in cord
They don't work ! I have an iPhone 8 Plus and I'd get 1 to 2 minutes into a song and it would turn off and an error message pops up on my screen.
Top of a screen had a crack
This phone I paid a lot of money for and doesn't seem to read any SIM cards I put in which by far ridiculous. The phone looks almost brand new but there are obviously some issues internally because I can't get the phone to read my SIM card at all. This was a terrible choice and this is why people buy phones brand knew instead of this misleading advertisement and sale of phones that don't work. I tried not to focus on the negative reviews but maybe I should have.
One of the three cables never worked and the other two failed within months. Total junk.
Faded fast Will not recommend to anyone
Very disappointed.. One ear bud will not connect to bluetooth, and the one that actually connects broke the first day i used it, Pops out of my ear (which is how it broke), and battery does not last long at all.
I bought this because of the good reviews... After 3 days of it being on, and yes, I cleaned well before and waited for it to dry before putting it on, it's already come off completely multiple times. It's because the sides of the protector (for S9+) protrude outward instead of laying flat against the curve. It's only been a week today after I put first it on, and it's completely come off and won't stick back on. On top of all this, I have to apply significantly more pressure to my screen because I guess it's also too thick? Maybe it's just because it's not sticking well, I don't know.... I'm hoping it's just defective, so I've requested a replacement. We'll see if I can update to more stars. UPDATE: Yeah, it only had adhesive around the VERY THIN black border, and not throughout. This is why it doesn't stay on! How is that suppose to protect your phone?! Returning for full refund.
I returned this case bc when I took a picture I would have a highlight of pink in each pic. It was a glare off of the case.
Watch only works while plugged into charger. Had to return it, wait 4 days for another one.
I bought this device for testing Android applications. Unfortunately it didn't fit the bill. Since it is Chinese device it didn't provide important features for US, mediatek-cta.jar is missed. A terrible battery life doesn't allow to use it as a phone. 1Gb memory isn't sufficient to run more than one app. It is complete wasting money. A plus only is a location for connectors on top edge of the device.
5 cables in the pack as described. I've had these 2 weeks and 2 have already stopped working. I also used with a cord protector at the base on both, I use them in the same spot (so not being moved, bunched up or bent) so I feel these are just not great quality. 2 stars for the price of the bundle and at least having back ups available when these stop working but will not purchase this brand again. 2 months out, 3 cords now not working at all and one give the “accessory not supported” error when plugged in. Dropping rating to 1 star, would not recommend.
Note: The seller was fine. The merchandise is definitely not. Within six weeks of normal use by me - a "senior citizen" -the bottom corners of the case cracked and chipped off, leaving sharp and rough edges. I can see cracks continuing up the remains of the corners Not acceptable at all. I must have gotten a defective one because I see that the ratings are all 99 percent or better. Can you please help me? This phone has not been dropped and is either on a table or in a purse pocket. I would love to return this one and get a complimentary replacement. Thank you.
The kit is tedious to assemble, but possible. After finishing assembly the new screen would not work. I rechecked every connection and all was in order but the screen wouldn't turn on, just got hot. I reassembled with my broken screen and that turned on. So I filed a warranty replacement claim on the new screen with Amazon. The second one arrives and once installed it turned on. That moment of happiness lasted one minute though because that is when the screen went black again and got hot..... don't waste your time with this product. I made sure the model numbers were supported and have installed screens in previous phones. There is something wrong with their design or quality.
I had to return this phone because the operating system is not compatible with the Verizon network.
2 of the 5 wires did not work. Will be returing the product.
Stopped fast charging after a couple months. Leave phone overnight on charger and it's at 80% in the morning. Bought one, like it, bought another. Both failed to work after a couple months.
Did not fit properly, and constantly popped off.
The screen didn't not stick to my phone, it was lifted and it stood with bubbles on the side and they have not gone away. It's like it's not made for the iPhone max
Item is defective. Does not work. Has a small crack under the home button. Item was sold as new...if it was new it would not have a crack in it. Extremely not happy!!
I really loved the look of this and bought it based on the reviews. Sadly, I have to return...not sure if I got a defective one, but I only had it for a week and 13 stones had fallen out.
I love how I never received the package
Item did not arrived acording to hotel staff
Quit after 16 months of very light use.
I plugged this in and no sound came out.
This product lasted less than 6 months - total waste of money
Worst experience l ever had. I received damaged phone. I contacted seller and told him what was wrong with cell phone. I also received from seller note if l have any issue with cell phone to contact him directly and don't go trough Amazon. Seller told me to send phone back in 10 days. I explained to him l am out of USA and will be back in 2 weeks and can he give me more time to return damaged phone. He was not willing to work with me on this issue,even he said cell phone is under warranty 90 days. Amazon also didn't do anything to find solution for this problem.
Screen protector popped off the first day, not meant for curved edge phone. Did not fit my Samsung Galaxy S10, wondering if it's meant for the Galaxy S10e.
In the beginning they worked well and looked great. Really liked the 90 degree angles for my iPad as I am a disabled shut-in who is extremely financially-challenged and rely on my iPad for contact with the outside world. It is very hard on me to constantly replace charging cables. I had hoped this design would improve the longevity of the cable's life, and I still believe in the design, but will have to look for one who's reviews are written at least 1/2 months after purchase!
Doesn't work with update
Cracked after Two days and was more than likely because it was a lil too big for the phone
Took 8 hrs to charge my phone and it kept stopping charging every 10 mins or so. It never reached 100%. I went from 96% to 12% in 4 hrs of only playing my Audibles, no online, no FB, no games, no email just audibles. I can usually go 100% to 40% in 7hrs. Absolute waste of money. Total rubbish.
I received one piece with flex broken, this was return for refund
We had to buy this product because the one we purchased before (from another company)wasn't durable only lasted a month. Daughter is much happier with this one. Seems to be working well.
Never received this item. It was to be a Christmas Gift. This one I tried ordering was coming from China and could not get here on time. I ended up buying a better one at Walmart.
The quality is not good
Not for a Ford Edge. Vent is too deep for the connection to attach. Wish I had known this ahead of the purchase. Don't waste your money.
I thought it was a pink cover. It is clear. I don't like it.
I guess i'm giving these 1 star since there's no negative star option. Needless to say, receipt of this order made me realize that Amazon legit just sells a bunch of crap on their website. This is my second set of charges that i have bought from here and am returning. Also, these crappy chargers are NOT Apple compatible at all whatsoever.
Horrible product- never worked, can't reach the company I ended up having to get a SIM card from (more wasted $), and considering the item has mysteriously disappeared from Amazon- I am sure I'm not the only one that received a defective and useless product. Ugh.
Feels like I was sent a used phone, I purchased a new phone. I haven't had it for at least a month and it starts to malfunction. It stop charging, constant freezing up. I'm about to give up on it, so frustrated I wasted so much money on it.
Thought I would give this cartridge a try. It is not working out so well. I am printing my tax return and there are dark lines printing all over the page. Wow, not good. This is a new cartridge. I printed a couple of pages when I first put it in and thought it would be great. But isn't the case.
Doesn't work. At. All. Did everything you're supposed to do, steamed my face, this product does not work.
This screen protector is terrible. I can barely write this review due to very poor sensitivity and many letters not working. I had to buy a new one today.
Super heavy and way to bulky. Super hard to take on and off. And if you take a picture with the flash it's all blue from the color of case.
Two of these broke within a month. The silver tip broke off and got stuck in my phone. It would not come out and I have to go get someone to repair my phone. Very disappointed in this product.
I bought this in April, 2017. The thing worked great for a while, but after 6 months the sticky back failed and I am left with a portion of the sticky tape on my dash. If you buy it, make sure you find some 3m double sided tape to use instead of what they send in the package. Either that or buy the one that clips to the air vent or inserts into the CD slot. I had to buy this one bc the volume control for my stereo is directly under the CD slot so mounting there would have covered up the volume knob.
I've had these for three months and they were working great. All of a sudden, all my Apple products came up with a message saying that the accessory was not supported. Just like that, they won't charge anything! Good stuff!!!
They don't stick down well. there's only a little bit of adhesive around the edge. If the radius of the curve is slightly out of tolerance they don't stick down.
This item i guess would be ok without a case but i would never have a phone without a case, it curls up in the edges of course. I have tried several name brand cases and every time the screen protector wrinkles or moves.
Cheap! The first one broke straight out of the box. The second one I was able to install, but the rubber feet kept sliding off the phone clamp resulting in my phone being randomly spit at me as I drove. Gorilla Glue solved that problem. But after half a dozen uses, it broke in the exact same location as the first one. The clamp that holds the rubber strap is a weak area, apparently.
Nothing like what is pictured. No logo in case as promised. Key does not flip out well. Because it is different than what they advertise my key components do not fit correctly. I will need to return
Legit doesn't work, if you're looking a good affordable charger this isn't it, all it does is over heat my watch and doesn't do the one thing I want it to, time and money wasted
Never even received the damn thing, yet I was told by Amazon and UPS it was delivered, absolute waste of money
Tears easily at mesh
Aukey did not stand behind their product. In less than 4 months both ports of this charger quit quick charging. One after the other. The charger is now only a normal charger. I did not order a normal charger thus this product is not doing the job it was purchased to do. Enclosed is a picture of what Aukey offered for reimbursement. Offering an $8 reimbursement for this product is not acceptable. The purchase price was $38. If Aukey decides to do the right thing, stand behind it's product, and offers to reimburse the full retail price or offset a replacement I will change my review. Buyer beware.
The back protector doesn't fit - it's too big and ends up touching (on all 4 sides) the curved part of the phone so air gaps exist on all the edges making it easy for the protector to fall off. Other brands have better quality front protectors.
Was walking my dog and one fell out (they are big for my ears) and broke as seen on the picture. Do not waste your money.
Got them in a timely manner, but one didn't work at all. One of them worked for three days then stopped and the other stopped working after about a week. Do not recommend.
Terrible - impossible to position perfectly and questionably even fitting to not get a huge air bubbles. DO NOT BUY
The buttons on the side of my phone wouldn't work when the case was on. I really liked the way it looked but without use of the volume and lock keys, it just wouldn't work for me. Returning it immediately.
I purchased black stainless steel version for my new 44mm Apple Watch. Was very excited for this band as I intended this to be my everyday band. Upon receiving the item, I was blown away that the band does not fit the Apple Watch. I returned the band and requested a replacement. The replacement didn't fit either. Save your money and buy a band that's actually compatible with your Apple Watch
Doesn't stick...horrible
My delivery has been delayed and no updates have been provided. I tried to contact the seller via my order, but the only option is to return. I can't return something I haven't received! An update on delivery would be very helpful so that I can write a proper review!
Stopped taking a charge after a month. Just blinks red after days of trying to charge it.
Like many others, I received one instead of two as advertized.
case broke after two months of wear
They sent me a damaged phone and refused to refund me. So I called Amazon and they said they are going to take ACTION cuz they saw not only did I return the defective phone but Amazon saw the numerous attempts trying to get a refund. DONT BUY FROM THIS STORE !!!! I never wanted to do this bad review but c'mon. REFUND ME.
Both screen protectors came without the mask so I couldn't even use them.
Item was not unlocked as stated. The item had been purchased by the vendor at a Target but not activated at the register. The phone was blocked by AT&T shortly after SIM was placed in the card. Possibly stolen? Now it has to be sent back. It was a birthday present for my daughter. I'm very disappointed.
Garbage dont waste your money on this after install you cant do none on your phone!
I would not purchase again. The screen protector is made out of delicate material. It was easy to install however I broke one screen while taking it off the adhesive. It came with no instructions to install. I had to youtube the installation. The other screen lasted for 3 weeks. Waste of good money. Just buy an otter or some other type of case to protect the whole phone.
this is heavy and cumbersome, I am not happy with it. I used it for a week and removed it as it's just not for me.
Never received the item and did not realize it until it was to late to report the item not delivered
this is too big for the phone. it isnt tight light i thought it would be. too easy to remove. corners come off way too easy
Although they look similar to the product toys but from your phone carrier, they are flimsy, cheap and don't adhere well. Neither screen lasted more than a week on our phones. Do not purchase.
privacy screen is a joke. person next to you can totally see what's on your screen.
This cable worked good for about 3 weeks and then after that it slowly started dropping connection to my Andriod Auto. Now it is completely useless and I'm returning it
Though the product was easy to install, it was not fully adhesive. Only the edges adhere to the device which caused the screen protector to come off on the first drop.
Case brake after a month and never even dropping it. It would be great of pieces didn't fall off after barely a month of use.
2 weeks crack in corner and kept cracking while on the phone
Do not waste your time and money. Just won't hold your phone in a car.
Never received my product I paid for. Very disappointed
Randomly stopped working after two weeks
Absolute garbage. I didn't discover this until I was on an airplane, but neither adapter actually works. Both work for about 30 seconds before the iPhone shows "This accessory may not be supported" and audio playback stops. The only way to get it back is to reboot the phone. DO NOT BUY.
I emailed them letting them know that they sent the wrong Size and they never responded.
It won't stay on my window and keeps falling off while I'm driving. I went to return it and the return window closed. Don't buy this product.
This is not a privacy screen unless you dim the light. You have to press down hard on the screen in order for it to work. It popped right off when I put my phone case on it. This privacy screen SUCKS and is a waste of money. Please advise.
I should have know that this thing was a gimmick. Its a neat idea, but the execution is kind of poor. The band is cheap and rubbery making you sweat. The Vibrations are very weak they were enough to wake me up; but to give you an idea of the intensity, its not much better then having your phone vibrating on the bed next to you. The shock is surprising at first but set to 100% and fully charged doesn't even register as a pinch as far as pain goes. (I had three different people try this just to make sure that it wasn't just me) The application is well thought out and works great, I never had an issue pairing the device and the alarm settings always worked. The battery life is excellent, I only charged it 4 or five times and it never fell below 50% battery. That being said I've used the device for 3 weeks and its just kind of worthless, its a total gimmick, Which is disappointing I had big hopes that this would help me wake up and get up in the morning which is why I used it for 3 solid weeks even though I knew after the second day that it wasn't worth anywhere close to the price I paid for it.
Had to return - the prong broke off — cheaply made ......
Instructions are not very accurate or easy to follow. Even if you figured it out yourself, the side edges don't stick and comes off once the phone is put into its case. They should have made the edges smaller. Returning mine tomorrow.
They lasted just long enough for the return window to close. Recommend buying something else.
First off, why make a holster side load instead of top load. Most of the people wearing holsters I have seen have them horizontal not vertical on their person. Second, the belt clip release is very high, causing it to poke you in the side or stomach depending on where you wear it. And worst of all, cause's it to be released by your body and go crashing to the ground. I have been wearing holsters for over 4 years and have never had one fall off of my belt until this one, and it only took less than an hour!
Stopped working not happy !!! Only had them since Christmas
Screen didn't work - stuck at Apple logo and wouldn't boot past that. Had to use a screen from another supplier. Also, the kit didn't include the Y-screwdriver. Would like a refund on this.
The signal is not good, the headphones are disconnected and cannot be used normally.
This is a battery pack not a solar charger. You have to plug it into a wall and charge it before it can work.
Its waste of money I really don't like this product
I never received this Item!!!!!!! I tried calling and no one answers the phone! Please call me if you get this
Product failed within 1 month. Cord never moves, always plugged into wall behind nightstand. Definitely won't purchase again as I figure the other two will fail as well. Disappointed
I loveeee how it is 2 for the price of 1. But these suck! After 2mins of a song playing it stops and says “accessory not blah blah for this device” this is crap. Don't buy it. I really hate giving negative reviews but Im so annoyed!!!!!!
Plugged it in, said it was charging after a few seconds. Unplugged it and plugged it in again and it won't work any more 😂 ended up buying another brand that's $14 because they had better reviews... sometimes you get what you pay for!!!! I don't want it replaced I just returned it. Sad because I LOVE the bright pink color but it doesn't even charge.
Terrible item. The sides dont have thr same curvature of the phone, so they leave a small gap where dust particles get traped in. Right now the sides are getting loose. Also, since the sides arent curved like the phone, it creates a weird color line.
Does not work! I have a 7 Plus and it doesn't work at all.
I didn't even have them for a month and the left side broke off. Then a week later the right one went out..
Tried getting a charger better then an apple one well you get what you pay for!! Tip broke on one then the other stoped working like an Apple one don't waste your money
Really would not recommend this product! Not only does it not stick to the screen, it is also too small. Moreover, it is not fingerprint resistant and shows more fingerprints than the actual phone screen.
Installed fine but went in the shower with it and the water got up under it terrible waste of money
Won't stick to any surface in a modern vehicle. Tried soft touch -failed. Found a hard plastic area- failed. Didn't follow directions perfectly on first try. Second one, I did exactly as instructed with same result. Fell off almost immediately. I can't recommend these at all.
Extremely upset and disappointed. I ordered this watch case but, instead, I was shipped a lipstick butter. Why would you put a tough armor Apple Watch case label sticker, on a small lipstick box???? Tried to contact customer service. No response. I guess I just paid $14.99 plus shipping for 1.8 grams of mineral fusion lipstick butter.
This cover is so thick my phone can't even sense my fingers when typing and scrolling. It may be protective but it is NOT functional at all. Plus its not even properly stuck to my phone. I followed the directions to a t, and it just sucks. Will be returning, hands down.
Avoid this product. Fit - 1/5 - The protector didn't cover the whole screen, didn't fit the curve of the screen, and didn't touch the majority of the screen. Adhesion - 1/5 - The protector had a very narrow strip of adhesion around the outside edge. Not the typical oleophobic I interface I expected / hoped. Feel - 1/5 - Feels like i put a giant glass sticker on my screen... Protection - not rated - i took this thing off and threw it in the trash after 2-3 minutes on my phone.
I tried using it for my car for auxiliary and charging and my phone said that it's wouldnt accept the device
Would not adhere to phone
At first I though this was great, as it charged both my phone and Apple watch independently or together depending on what I needed. However, after only 2 months, the Apple Watch charger portion stopped working. It stay red (not charging), and momentarily will change to blue (charging) here or there, but in the morning my watch is max 10% or often dead. This happens with the watch portion at any position. The phone part still works, but as I bought this to charge both devices, it's basically worthless now.
I bought this phone March 9th and it turns off when battery is supposed to be at 60%
Bought 3. They all stopped working with no visible damage to the cable within a few months.
I would have returned these but I threw away the first cable that I tried to use. It never worked. I figured it was just a one-off thing and the rest would be ok. I like the plug design and the cords looked sturdy. Unfortunately, only one cord out of the entire pack worked. What a waste.
The ring on the back doesn't stay completely flat when its closed.. ring does not work at all had to scotch tape the ring to the case. If not it just flops around..the volume and lock button stick out to far. When use kink stand have volume buttons up and the lock button always presses on table and looks screen... very annoying
It has a pin hole in in already and didn't drop phone
It's not magnetized as advertised. I have to be be careful how hard I pull it bc the adhesive is weak and it pops off
I bought the phone and I noticed issues with the phone. While I'm watching a video from a website the home bar doesn't hide it stays on the screen. Another issue while I'm on YouTube or Netflix and I'm watching a video and plug the phone on the charger it resets the video to the beginning. Called Google and they informed me they can not find a fix for this because they never encountered it. I provided the imei number so they can warrenty the phone and they have no information of the phone what so ever. I also have an issue with Amazon flex freezing the phone while I'm using the camera. I believe that this product is not a Google product because I bought another pixel 2 xl and it doest over heat and all the issues mentioned above is not present on the new phone I bought from Google directly. Also when I traveled over sea's some networks providers don't work. Not due to unlocked problems because the phone is unlocked.
Really wanted to like this product. Unfortunately, within 24 hrs of use, 1of the 3 cords stopped working.
I purchase a battery for my phone about every year. I have tried several different brands with generally good results. This battery has the worst performance of any I have ever purchased. It does charge up, but in day to day use.....it does not perform. I thought it might be due to different apps on my phone or how I use it, but I put my old battery back in and it definitely lasted a lot longer.
Has stopped working after 5 months, in the middle of a road trip. This lead to a 2 year old screaming and crying for 8 hours straight. Do not recommend
Used both. Cannot read fingerprint and have to push hard on keyboard. Threw in the trash.
Brought this product in July 2017 and it already stopped working. I do not recommend this product.
First thing I love the handheld mic. Feels good in your hand and is easy to use. The compact design is great and it looks and feels to fit in with my new jeep jlu. Now for the bad it has tons of bugs. I've been really frustrated with the unit because I wanted to mount it out of sight. I placed it under my dash and used the extension cable. Okay that worked great until I tried to use it. Every time I hooked it up and tried to transmit it would just beep. On other cb's it would have a pulse noise. So I could receive great but can't transmit. If I don't use the extension cable it works but the cord is soooo short. I have tried 3 cables and they all do it. I wish uniden actually had good customer service to help. So the fact is if you only use the unit without the extension cable it is good. I'm very disappointed 😞
Nice case. Most features work, however it doesn't always recognize voice and EKG doesn't work. MOST importantly is that it LEAKS! Find a better solution! You can see all of the condensation in the picture. also the screen seems to scratch way too easily.
Did not work with Spigen soft armor. Slightly too large. Both cracked upon installation
The package was damaged and the,item dose not work at all
Doesn't stick at all. Plastic. Not glass. Used 2 in one weekend.
Asked for IPhone 6s Plus and was sent IPhone 6 Plus. Have replaced manny in the past but never from this saller and won't anymore from this saller.
Not what I expected too sticky and not very easy to clean
This item did not work for either of my phones. I threw it in a drawer after i waited too long to return it.
Difficult to connect. Battery insufficient. Broken from the start.
Flimsy, came a little bit twisted up in the package and when turned sideways, never sat quite even. I should have known it was an issue because yesterday the attachment just snapped off with a light touch.
Product is worthless. There is no working App. Customer service only responds by apologizing and not giving any solutions or answers. DO NOT BY THIS PRODUCT!
Charger port was defective and could not charge. Would disconnect on their own. Would not recommend
Got this today I received with wires sticking out Don't buy this at all Save your money
This product sucked didn't even stick to the watch
Don't waste your time or money. I have an iPhone 7 and after 10 seconds, it say's this product is not supported and stops work. Bait and swtich and a rip off. I even tried with multiple ear buds and same result.
Great if you want to swim with it but if you want to talk on the phone people on the other end of the call can't hear you due to the microphone being sealed. Also don't expect the camera on your iPhone to have clear pictures when the plastic case is foggy or just plastic in general
Doesn't fit the Moto z force like it claims. Don't waste your time.
Family reports they don't sound very good. I heard a lot of crackles on my end.
Did not adhere well to screen. Came loose quickly and had to press hard to type or swipe on screen. First protector failed after about 12 hours. Second last 4 or 5 days. More trouble than not having a screen protector. Saw a couple of recent reviews with same issue - perhaps they are having a manufacturing problem?
This is complete junk. It's kind of like painted cardboard that you assemble yourself. Not made to withstand the weight of a phone or remote. Unfortunately I had to rate 1 star because it would not let me submit without anything
Had to return for refund minus shipping cost. AT&T no longer supports this phone, so if you have AT&T, DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!! Was also packed poorly, not bubble wrapped, phone was not protected at all, just bounced around inside the shipping box.
Never receive my product. Extremely disappointed.
Bet cheap and dose not count steps correctly. Very hard to use.
Bought these for my husband for Christmas to use at the gym. Suddenly stopped being able to charge them. Don't buy!
Seemingly great!!! Looked good, love the card storage however it offered no protection on the edges and the screen wraps around so needless to say my screen was damaged when I dropped my phone the very 1st time. Now I'm stuck with a $175 to repair my brand new phone. So disappointing!
I asked for a new cord since one of them didn't work, got no response
I really like this phone case wallet and can get alot of use out of it. The only thing with this item was, the logo on the back of the magnet phone holder was crooked and very noticeable. Also there is a very noticeable scratch on the back of the case and on the front. However, I'm not pleased with the company. When communicating with them, they say they will resolve issues in 24 hours. For me it has been a few days and still going. They tell me they are mailing me a replacement 3 days ago. I asked for tracking info and now they do not respond back. I provided photos per their request. I'm not satisfied with how they are handling issues with me as their customer. All I can say is if you order this item hopefully they will not send you a phone case wallet that looks like this. I'm going to order another phone case wallet else where.
I loved these silicone spoons, until I noticed that the edges and other surfaces are cracked or peeling (and little bits of silicone are ending up in my food!!!). One of them has 4 gouges, including along the handle. Nothing has happened to them to cause this- they have a dedicated area in my utensil drawer and typically are washed by hand or in the top shelf of the dishwasher (together in a section of the cutlery basket, not near anything else). I've only had these for 3 months, and now they are not safe.
Received this on February 11, 2019 and the belt clip attachment has broken already. Last one lasted almost a year. No longer recommend.
There was not an inside vision camara
The battery that I just installed was burned out! It won't even charge! Took it to ifix and plugged a new battery in and boom!! Like new! Buyers beware!!!!
The magnetic band constantly falls down and pulls your arm hair. The screen protectors didn't fit right and came with chips on them.
Looks nice, but band does not clamp into the iWatch properly and consequently falls off! Very disappointing
THEY SENT ME A HANGING BABY TOY....NEVER GOT MY CELL PHONE HOLDER.
This is the worst screen protector I've ever used. It stuck for the first day, then it started coming up. By the 4th day it completely came off and it's not sticky enough to put back on. It smudges really badly and I was constantly cleaning it. It also interferes with tapping. You have to tap really hard to get your phone to do anything. Absolutely useless and a waste of money.
I love the look but it's already so worn that I can almost not wear it. The rose “gold” is worn off of at least 14 links. Very disappointing.
This screen protector is terrible. It doesn't adhere evenly to the screen so the touch responsiveness on the edge of the watch screen is really poor. I also ended up with water under the protector after only a couple of days having it (see attached picture). That just shows that it isn't sealed down. It also will not work with a case since the sides have a lip that gets caught on cases. Very disappointed since it looked promising when I opened it and saw it in the box.
I disliked I dropped my phone and the case came apart and my phone got messed up
I ordered this case for the pixel XL and received a case for a 5" pixel.
I've had a bunch of different screen protectors and this is by far the worse one ever. Way too many bubbles... Read the reviews, its a damn BOT leaving the same review over and over. AMAZON...PLEASE FIX THESE FAKE REVIEWS!!! This is what I call garbage. I literally lit my money on fire by buying this piece of crap.
Product was terrible and when I tried to get a refund it was refused.
what the heck have you guys done with the quality of this? you are getting skimpy on the magnets. most of the time I have the flap folded toward the back while I'm using the phone and with all my previous wallets the magnet was strong enough that it held now it just flip-flops all over the place and it will not hold to the back completely worthless now bring back your quality wallet you guys had a really good thing and you have cheapened it with the cheap magnet that doesn't work bring it back!!!
Case is loose and nearly fell of the phone. Does not protect well
This cover is the worst. There is a visible circle for the finger print reader on the glass. I don't know why because once you put it on the finger print reader doesn't work! It captures every single finger print and makes the phone display foggy even after you clean it. And you will clean it every 2-3 minutes when using it. The cover started to come off day one on the edges and won't stick to the phone. Little dust and fibers stuck to the edges and then it looked gross.
Doesn't install well or work well with the case. Finger prints wont work and the edges constantly come up. Thought it was just an install error so used a second one...still a no go! I've already taken it off and will do without until I find something that actually works.
Broke pretty easily after about 1 month, never dropped just cracked going in my pocket.
I have been using pop sockets since they came out without issues. I ordered a new one for iPhone 11. It has a Speck clear case on it. Today the pop socket came off the phone. Thank goodness I was sitting and phone didn't fall far. So disappointed
I purchased a few of these for various rooms in my house and not a single one worked for my Droid Turbo 2! They look identical to the one that originally came with the phone but I could not get any of them to charge my phone. Very disappointed.
I never received my item. It was supposed arrive yesterday and appears as delivered. But I never got it.
so I ordered this hoping it would be better than the last product I ordered and the package arrived EMPTY!!!! how am I not eligible to return something I didn't receive????
Only worked about two weeks
Super cute but side buttons did not work with case on. I had to return it
iPhone 7 plus doesn't register a charge. The crack however does work when the usb LED card is inserted.
The buttons on side of phone don't sit in the premade holes on the wallet which requires me to use my finger nail to access them. This wallet is poorly constructed
Screen protector glass does not fit the case. It Is too big. If I can't protect the screen then it's not worth anything.
Screen protectors are flimsy and cheap, they do not suction to the screen at all and fall off. Seller uses false reviews to boost rating.
This is my second time trying to order this headset I just ordered the headset again in February here it is March and their not working again terrible product
here is the major problem, I never received this item,.So i cannot say it is a good product or not. I have waited and waited for this to show up and it just never did. I am still waiting for a response on what they are going to do. The best thing seems to be to get a refund and go somewhere else, this is kind of a joke.
What a POS. Hard to snap together, but falls apart with ease and the volume buttons were bunk.
Both broke within six weeks of purchase, just from taking on and off ear. Earpiece that came with headset lasted over a year.
Sucks! It already broke over a month ago...
Super cheap. Product arrived broken in two pieces
I ordered white tabs and I received black tabs. I tried to contact the company and received no reply. Amazon did provide a refund. Funny how after I received the black tabs this company raised the price of the white tabs to over $50. Do not buy from this seller.....crooked and dishonest!!
This product ruins your phone do not buy at your phone will stop charging
I love it except I have to keep reattaching it. It is not very sticky
Disappointed that both earbuds did not work. Having to return the set. Tone and sound of one of them sounded good and clear.
Received on May 20th 2017. Having to replace on November 13th 2017. Does not last. Recommend upgrading.
The product claims to be tempered glass. But it is not! It even bends. The directions state that there are 2 peel off protectors -- one for each side. But this is not the case, only one side has the peel off protective layer. I really wanted glass because it would resist scratches better than plastic. If I wanted plastic, I could have gotten it for a lot less money.
Product slips from hands,And i dont recommend this product to anyone
Doesn't really work. Works when it wants to.
3' cable worked. Everything else failed within a week or never worked to begin with.
I was excited to finally find a charger similar to the AirPower charger that Apple was supposed to be coming out with. Clean design, wirelessly charges iPhone, charges Apple Watch, and AirPods, and also only has one cord to plug in instead of three. The first one I received the wireless phone charger and AirPod charger worked great. The issue was the Apple Watch charger would not charge my Apple Watch no matter how many times I tried to put it on there. The magnet worked but it would not charge. My watch has no issues charging on my old charger whatsoever. I sent the first charger back for a replacement. I received the replacement the next day with high hopes that the first had just been defective. With the replacement I received, again the phone charger and the AirPods charger worked with no issues. The watch charger seemed to work fine too when I first put it on. So, I left my phone, watch, and AirPods on the charger to charge overnight and went to bed. I woke up the next morning to a fully charged phone, AirPods, and A WATCH THAT WOULDN'T EVEN TURN ON. The watch was almost too hot to even touch. After it finally cooled down and I was able to get it to respond, it was showing on the screen that it was overheated. After about five minutes it finally came back on. At that point I was not willing to take any further risk with this product ruining my expensive Apple products so I am sending it back for a refund and my search will continue for a quality charger.
I tried to get a refund for this phone and no one even bothered to reply to me! I e-mailed and filed complaints many times and still nothing, don't bother with this seller!
I ordered 3 bands and this one Did not stay in watch manufactured wrong. And of course this was my favorite color going to return.
The product was great for the first 30 days and then it quit working and hasn't worked since.
This stopped working after only a few uses in 6 months. The speakers move around the mask so they wandered from my ear. And the fabric was too warm to use in the warmer weather. I'm stuck with it - don't you be.
Item arrived today. I purchased total of 12. I placed my iPhone on the rubber, the rubber broke. Cheaply made. Hope to be able to return all 12 It was going to be Xmas gifts to friends:families. I'd be ashamed to give it out
Keeps falling off. Not good.
Not a bad case, but it doesn't fit an iPhone 8's power button. The button remains half pressed, so it does not clic when pressed all the way and just does not feel right. I didn't want to travel with a phone with no case (and had no time to get another), so to "fix" mine I took a hole punch and punched out the plastic covering the power button. Looks a bit shoddy now, but it did the trick. Other than the button issue, the case feels like it protects the phone ok, and is raised above both the camera and screen. Overall, I would not recommend it for an iPhone 8 (did not try with an iPhone 7)
As soon as I tried to use them with my Xbox one, all memebers of party chat got feedback and could hear themselves
These ear buds are just terrible. The charge only lasts about 45 minutes. The sound quality is average. People couldn't hear me when I used them to talk on the phone so the dual mic didn't work well. Really the biggest problem is the charge that lasts less than an hour and doesn't warn you before the ear buds just shut off when the battery dies, which includes hanging up on someone you're talking to if on the phone when the battery dies. Just a nightmare of a product, very disappointing. I only had them for three days before deciding to return them.
I have to return it it is the wrong band
Not even wide enough to cover screen. Waste of money.
I would not recommend this camera to anyone. It is very uncomfortable to hold, to use, and the instructions are terrible! I am not a complete idiot, either, but I have to say - I think a 3 year old from Mars wrote the instruction manual. Not kidding. It's VERY confusing.If you want something that you can use comfortably; that FITS in your hand comfortably and comes with instructions that you can actually understand and use?Then, I would recommend looking elsewhere. Not at all happy with this purchase.
I had high hopes for these and they failed. 1 cable completely stopped working and a second cable can't maintain the connection while charging so my phone will continue to charge on and off. Of the 3 cables only 1 seemed to work and i was just so frustrated I threw 2 of them away. I decided im going with another cable next time.
Didn't fit not worth wasting my time to return it
Garage!!!!! They work for a week and then quite working!!!
Was NOT the color ! It was more of a ugly blue ! Never wore once !
The touch is not working with the screen protector
Arrived, but completely died after 1 day, went to program it and the thing never turned back on after we had finished. My neighbor has two of the same unit and loves it. For me, I will wait for another day and another brand.
If you use it with a TPU case, it will create a bigger lip on the screen and even without a case, it's thicker and creates a hollow sound effect when you are tapping on the screen (basically makes it feel cheap). It fell off within a week of having it on and the adhesive is only along the edges. I wouldn't recommend this product. Just take care of your Apple Watch or get a case that has a protector built-in.
iPhone keeps disconnecting and saying it doesn't support this item after about 30 seconds of playing.also when the aux cable is plugged in and it is charging you here static over the speakers.
This was a great cord and super cheap so it was perfect for me! It worked great and I loved the long cord so I wasnt stuck to the wall. However a few months after purchasing the cord melted (pictured) resulting in a minor 2nd degree burn on my leg. Wouldn't buy, highly disappointed and would not recommend!
After less than a month none of the chargers worked. The company sent out replacements and those lasted 2 weeks. Waste of money and time.
Bought for grandson's birthday. The protective film on the sticky side was already gone so it will not stick at all. Going to glue it on since he is autistic and returning will create a complete melt down. Total junk!
It wasn't sturdy enough soon as I put it on a stud fell off.
I only like that is does hold the cell phone, but I haven't been able to figure out how it reflects the phone screen. The app has so many ads, you don't want to use it... not happy a waste of money
The clamp broke when I tried to fit my iphone X in its case into it. The suction cup didn't stick too well either.
DO NOT BUY! The only great thing about this item is the color. I used this adapter for the first time the other day and about 1 minute into the song I was playing when it stop playing and a message appeared on my phone, “this device is not compatible with iPhone.” I thought ok well maybe I didn't connect it correctly- nope- that wasn't it. I tired everything to get the thing to work and every time I tried to use- within a minute I would get the same response, “Not compatible with iPhone.”
Tracfone doesn't support this model anymore, so this seller is selling BRICKS. If I can't use the fucking phone, there's no point in fucking SELLING IT!!!
lasted all of three months than started smoking
I ordered this the first time, first off it's really thin in the plastic isn't durable . And within 2 weeks the case was cracked and literally chipped from me trying to take it off my phone. Now the front and back won't stay connected. I decided to give it another try and paid for next day shipping. However, I did not receive it next day, and they still charged me for it. Don't trust this case to secure such an expensive phone. I have the iPhone 8 Plus, and beware of the shipping details
Two of the three cables have spotty connection to the phone as if it barely makes contact. Sometimes if you plug it in the opposite way it is a little better, but not reliable enough to count on it charging your phone. I can't find the third cable or I would send it back to amazon for a refund.
how can i write a review for an item that i have not received yet. Since yesterday that's product had to be delivered. I called amazon today to talk to a representative and they transfer me to a carrier and they both told me that the item is going to be delivered today, but it wont be (see picture of the notice). i am really upset because as a prime member (membership i pay annually) everything i buy have to be delivered the day the told me. I really want to request my money back!!
I see reviews from people saying that it melted. I didn't have that problem at all. It does get verg hot so you can't put any electronic devices on it. After about a week it started to warp. Waste of money.
Purchased the item used it once put it in my phone can't get it out.
the screen protector was a complete waste of money it didn't seal fully to my screen even after I follow the instructions and I realize it was because the glue was only on the edge of the screen protector the moment I put it in my purse and my keys hit the screen there was a huge crack that ran straight down the middle
Tempered glass? Yes. Privacy? Big NO. It didn't do its job as a privacy screen protector because it's not dark at all,same as the clear glass.
I've had these cables for 2 months and 2 of them have already stopped working. I bought them because there were advertised as meeting Apple's standards but clearly they don't. Very disappointed.
Product Failed!!! The front cover has already got a big scratch on it and the part the button cover is ripped and will not recognize my finger print..... wish I knew how to go about getting my money back .. will never by this brand of anything ever again!! Iv had the phone case less then 3 months..it shouldn't be wearing out already I'm not even hard in my phones.
Was generally pleased when I received these cables: the braiding around the cable itself, and the cable ends both seem to be high quality. However, I noticed early on that plugging the 10ft cable into a computer wouldn't work (the phone would constantly go from charging to not charging every second or so). Since I never really used it for that, that didn't bother me too much. However, after less than a month of usage, the 10ft cable completely stopped working when plugged into the wall outlet power brick. Using another cable, I verified that the problem wasn't the power brick or my phone. In the end, $15 was a great deal for 5 cables, and is still a decent deal for the 4 cables I've got left. Hopefully those don't give out so quickly too.
Impossible to install without bubbles. I've installed my fair share of screen protectors, and this is the first I've had trouble pushing bubbles to the edges. Also, the surface doesn't feel smooth. It feels like it doesn't have any coating on it. As a result, this thing is a finger print magnet.
Horrible case. Slider and strap broke in less than a week. Very cheap chase.
I used two of the three and imperfections in the glass. At first I thought it was because I didn't clean my new phone properly. When I used the 2nd glass with the same result it was clear the issue was with the glass. It has 3 blurred strips across. Almost like it's the end of the roll or something. I will not be purchasing this brand again.
Did not like the way it fit my phones.
The phone kept freezing and glitching I couldn't do anything for more then 2 min complete waste of money
Didn't work when it arrived.
None of my devices can find these headphones. They power on just fine but don't show up.
Incorrect picture was sent.
Summary: The iPhone 6 Replacement Screen only has the backlight turn on and the display does not show. It also appears that one of the ribbon cables was already damaged and attempted to be fixed by being painted over by a Sharpie. Severely disappointed with the quality control of this screen. Full Review: Once I had received this iPhone 6 Replacement Screen, I promptly went to install it on my old cracked iPhone 6. I placed all the ribbon connectors in the correct place, screwed back on the protector plates and attempted to turn the phone on, and all that greeted me was a black screen instead of the Apple Logo. After looking further into it, it seems as though the backlight turns on, but the display doesn't turn on, and attempting to reinstall this occasionally shows the boot-up sequence normally, but attempting to screw back on the protector plates with screws and turning on the phone ends up with the same issue - Backlight turns on but the Display doesn't. Even then, when the display does turn on when the phone boots up, if I was to put the phone to sleep (locking it) and attempting to wake it up just greets me with the black screen again. I tested the connectors on the board with the old, cracked screen and the display still seems to come on 100% of the time, being usable still despite being cracked, and doesn't go to a black screen when attempting to wake it out of sleep mode or attempting to unlock it (or turning it on). After looking closer on the ribbon cables on the screen itself, it looks as though some of the ribbon cables have been shipped already being damaged. What's even more absurd is that the damage on the ribbon cables seems to have been covered by a permanent marker, leaving a shine as you can see on one of the pictures. Provided are also 2 more pictures, the one with the bluish tint on screen is when the screen is "on," only showing the backlight turns on but the display doesn't. The other picture shows when the screen is off, for comparison. Severely disappointed in this product, will definitely be sending it back and asking for a refund.
Did not last 3 months! Display died after only light use. I own a apple watch just thought I would try something else, took for ever to pair with Iphone X. Somehow did it on its own after a month of wearing it. Limited functions which was OK with me but no support form manufacturer and website says for returns only made directly from their website so I guess with Amazon I'm screwed. What a waste of money!
I wish I could give this zero stars. These are cheaply made. One was already ripped when they arrived.
It's been about 6 months after I bought these cables and all 3 are no longer charging. It was a good run but would like it to last longer.
Broke glass when opened
Be warned: this works great for casual cell phone picture taking...Until it doesn't. Lost our brand new iPhone 8 down a crevasse after the screw popped the clamp from the legs. It apparently doesn't stay secure. Our phone and all vacation photos gone in an instant. We're devastated.
This is a great little gadget. However, mine broke after having it for only a few weeks. Poorly made.
No idea how good the product is. I never received it, even after ordering it two separate times.
Finally had an opportunity to use it; took it out of the package, turned it on and NOTHING. I am so mad.
i have to return--it is defective
Too loose, does not fit at ALL.
spend a little more for better quality. This is flimsy and doesn't hold the phone well. It also can't be returned
I've only had this for two months. Barely use it because it's way bigger/heavier than I expected and now or doesn't work at all! So frustrating.
I bought the screen protector and applied it to my phone but the corners of the screen protector wouldn't stay down and would keep on curling up. This is a bad product.
Absolutely not what I expected It does not hold up at all and we threw it in the trash Do not buy this it's a joke
Does not Stick to glass
Did not work with my iPhone 7 or iPhone 8. This item is trash - do NOT buy!
These are very cheaply made. The moment I opened the package you can see and FEEL that they are not sturdy. I went by the reviews posted here and still gave it the benefit of the doubt and decided to use one. Within 15 minutes I noticed my wrist was watch-less. I panicked, called it and searched everywhere. My watch is Series 4 cellular and it's NOT cheap. I found it 2hours later in the floorboard of my co workers pickup truck. Stepped on and watch screen scratches because of it. The clasp had broken off. Please don't waste your money. If you purchase this, might as well say goodbye to your investment. I'm very disappointed.
This product does not worth 1 star. It is not as it is shown in the picture, the color, quality etc. is different. It is as if they made it as a toy for kids to play. I received it more than a month later after I placed my order, the safety pin does let you to open the chain, the chain is small you cannot put it on. In short you cannot wear it. I disliked it and do not recommend it at all.
Bubbles appear despite cleaning the screen and smoothing the film. The first film was a complete failure with multiple bubbles, the second still have bubbles on the edge. Not a good product despite all the good reviews.
Neither screen stuck even when following manufacturers directions. Sadly a waste of $
This is NOT an Unlocked phone, it's a Sprint phone. And as others have commented, there were several accessories missing in the box.
Stopped working after like 2 times. A waste of money.
Recived the phone.it was scratched up discoloration in places.the opening where sim card goes is bend.it also sims that is not charging.
It doesn't cover the whole screen. It only covers the active screen but looks really ugly because of that.
I didn't like it. The watch wasn't very accurate, limited functionality and I wish I had returned before the date passed. I'm thoroughly disappointed
only two days used, that's it
Flimsy, doesn't look anything like the picture, and definitely doesn't protect this $700 phone, so I guess I'll have to be inconvenienced and send it back 😑
Cheaply made, doesnt hold charge
I purchased three of this cigarette lighter plugs. The first one lasted a week before it burned up, I purchased a second one and it last about three weeks or so and it stopped working. The third one lasted about 2 months and it stopped working as well.
It peels off when i put a case on. Also don't provide useful tool and instruction to put on correctly
NEVER RECEIVED PRODUCT!!!!!!!!
Ordered the cable for iPhone. Was sent the wrong thing. Found someone else who could use them rather than go through the hassle of returning.
3 rhinestones fell out within the first week
This case was too big for my iPhone 7.
I dropped my phone and the screen still shattered when it was dropped. The nice thing, I guess, is that I didn't get glass shards in my hand when I picked it up since the screen protector is sticking to all of the pieces. Do not purchase if you have the habit of dropping your phone.
I did not like it at all it was broken when i got it
Popped off and was lost within three days. Do not buy.
It died right after the return window closed. The money is wasted =(
If you have any arm hair, I would not suggest purchasing this band. I bought it for my husband and within a couple weeks I had to order a different band because it couldn't get tight enough and it kept ripping his arm hair out.
Sure, I liked having extra chargers, but these no longer work, and the return window has passed. So here I am, ordering another one, this time from a different manufacturer. I also didn't realize how inconvenient it would be NOT to have the reset button. My advice: get one with a reset button, you never know when you'll need it.
The sound isn't good... also the charging box doesn't charge! I can have it plugged in and it will only charge the ear pieces... I pull the ear pieces out and it still won't charge.
When received in mail and opened package the butterfly was knocked off and there is a rip where it was supposed to be
Display changes by it self. App is limited. Watch strap comfortable but the keeper does not hold the end of the watch strap in place. It does not like being in the water changes displays as you swim. Very bright when you're sleeping.Very bright when you're sleeping.
I want to return this case in less that a week my phone is broken because of this case. It looks nice but it doesn't protect. Very disappointed
It worked once and then stopped working. I sent it back
Broke both of the splitters with in a couple days. do not recommend these at all.
I would like a refund, the band doesn't fit the watch casing appropriately.
This screen protector does not cover my whole screen I got no coverage at the very top no coverage at the bottom screen protector junk
This is just another replacement port that ruins the receiving ability of the phone. Don't worry all 3 different ones I purchased are the same as well. I cleaned the debris I finally found in the old port and the recieving ability is as good as new and the port charges as well. The port you sell is not usable and should not be sold.
This product is defective. Battery won't hold a charge / do not rely on this product.
Glass would not stick
Charge connection from battery case to the phone wont stay charge. Bad design. I don't recommend anyone buying this charger case.
There again another one that was dropped off at the wrong house. It said it received it but no I haven't. Pick on the old people it the new way. Go to the store is my new way .
I purchased this Apple Watch nub USB charger for use on vacation this past week. I have a MacBook Pro that I wanted to charge my watch with, but I didn't need the long cable. This charger is simple to use as it is just a USB plug with a cap and magnetic charger. The entire unit is compact which makes is great for traveling and just what I was looking for in shape and design. When put into practice, the charger fails miserably. I took screenshots of the battery level and times, and it took 3 hours to charge my watch 4%. During that time, the watch frequently made that ping sound that lets you know it is connected to the charger. That means it was constantly connecting and disconnecting to the power source. I used my wife's authentic Apple Watch charger that came with her watch on the same MacBook Pro port, and it worked perfectly. I ran this test again with a power strip that I always take on vacations. It has two USB ports on it. I ran the test a third time with a high-powered USB/AC adapter that I use for my Nintendo Switch, plugging it directly into the wall AC outlet. It has more than enough power for anything. In all three tests, this nub charger failed to charge the watch more than a few percent over many hours and it continuously disconnected, while the authentic charger charged in a very short time with no disconnects. In short, this watch charger has one job and it fails to do that job. Therefore, it is worthy of zero stars and I do not recommend it to anyone. Note that I am using an Apple Watch Series 4 and do not know if it works better with other watch series', but the chargers are interchangeable between them all, so I'm guessing it will fail for other watches. AVOID 1/5 stars.
These do not work. Do not buy. After a minute, an error comes up that says the device is not compatible with your iPhone. I have an iPhone Xs.
Doesn't fit properly. Overlay isn't large enough to secure to phone.
Dies fast I dont think this product is sent brand new
I've been looking for good earbuds for iPhone 7s, but I couldn't find good ones for a reasonable price so I randomly chose this one instead. First of all, one thing I would like to point out is that the color of the ear buds that I got is black and red. Not only that, it DOES NOT looks like the ear buds that are shown, but instead looks like EarPods that are black and have red wires! Honestly, the sound quality isn't that great either. I'm really not big on sound quality because I just wanted ear buds that works so I can listen to it on the way to school. However, these earbuds makes everything sound really airy and not full.. of that makes sense. Also, quite often there would be some fuzzy noises that comes out. I would also like to say that the concept of these earbuds are really stupid to be very honest. Sometimes the earbuds disconnects from my phone by itself. If you were in public, or a crowd, if the earbuds disconnects, your music or whatever would just keep playing and everyone would hear it.
This shit it dumb as fuck can't see no shit from its blue screen
Just put this on my phone yesterday, dropped it today and not only did the protector crack but so did my phone screen. This product is not worth the money.
the sticker on the back is not a good idea. if you set your phone on any surface that may have a drop of water, the sticker absorbs it and will be ruined. Day 1 I had apparently found a drop of water and the sticker puffed up and started peeling. other than the sticker(which is the design part of case and would be difficult to get off completely)he case was ok. I would not recommend tho
Took a dump quit working after 3 weeks
Unfortunately this order never arrived though it was marked as delivered. I waited a few days longer as amazon instructed but still nothing. Luckily amazon refunded me right away. Would have loved to use this item and review it.
BUYER BEWARE! Cheap quality, radio and whole system cuts in and out all the time. Was OK for CD and radio, But mot any longer. Trash. UPDATE: Warranty is a fraud. They tell you to go through Amazon for the first year. Amazon cut off support and it has been 4 months. Radio now cuts off and on all the time now.
Battery failed a few months after purchase and will not hold a charge. Company failed to provide a replacement under warranty. Gets so hot it is a danger to lay it down on paper or fabric. Too hot to hold. Charge lasted less than 4 hours. Will not charge at all at this time, still under warranty.
The other cover that i have is great for iphone xs max but this one is not as good as the buttons dont press in a comfy manner.
Liked the dual port. However neither cable worked in a I phone. Connection was slightly too large to fit
a great size and idea......battery lasted 1 hour only
Do not work properly on Apple products
Product broke the 2nd time using it. The lighting port broke inside my phone and had to be manually removed.
ITS NOT AT ALL SUITABLE FOR FINGER PRINT SCAN. WORST AND PROBLEMATIC
I disliked that the painted picture chipped after one month.
I ordered a track phone and did not get a track phone im pissed
The swivel clip on the holster came apart in two days. I do not reccomend this product
Clamps are not strong because cable is too hard. It is easy to broke.
It did not work. I tried multiple outlets and cords... nothing.
One of the charging cords stopped working in less than one week.
Terrible product I was under the impression that I was going to be able to use it over my speakers in my car The only thing you could do with it is charge your phone and play music and use GPS but when it comes to answering the phone call you have to unplug it which defeats the purpose of having it in the first place I bought it so that I would have a hands-free situation in my car and it doesn't last very long after about a month it stopped charging my phone garbage don't waste your money
The cell phone part works just fine but forget connecting to the google play store. Whether on 4G or WiFi, you cannot add a google account to this phone. I even tried manually updating Google Play Services and the Google Play Store apps but that didn't work. Factory Reset? Same problem. Literally a piece of hot garbage.
I pay next day delivery and never got my package it was for my wife birthday on monday so disappointed
Some of this phone's features may be nice - however, group texting is not a feature. This fact needs to be clearly displayed. We bought this phone for our daughter for Christmas and without ability to group text, it renders it useless for her and probably many others.
the orange clasps are way to small to fit any kind of cell phone I have ever had. I tried to open them up a little wider to accommodate my phone (note 5) and it snapped right off.
I'm still waiting for my refund
2 of three of these cords will not recharge iPhone. The connection does not hold. I bought the long cord cords so that I could keep my phone charged while working from home. Using the phone I lose the connection.
This product doesn't stick to my screen. Huge bubbles. Only reason I'm keeping it on is because I have to wait for a different brand to come in the mail.
Purchased this speaker for my boyfriend back in December for Christmas. Several of my coworkers have 1 & I really liked it & so did he for about 2 months until the charger piece broke & fell out. Contacted Sharkk over a month ago & it has taken them forever to respond. Last email was received a month ago & they said they would be sending another one & we haven't received it or any more contact.
This item does not stick to my watch. It is too big and therefore is useless. Will not buy again.
False lg battery, the garbage battery too big for back cover to fit, won't even go through entire boot up process, has been displayed invalid battery! Stick with LG original battery.
This product didn't work with my Nintendo switch
I hate this thing. Nobody can hear me. They say they can hear their own echo, & I can barely hear them. On top of that, I don't know how to remove it from my phone. I bruised my thumb trying to take it off. Terrible product.
Definitely don't like this purchase. It doesn't keep my phone in the cradle & it doesn't stay in the cup holder it won't stay tightened.
I have returned this screen protector to Amazon for a refund. It is thick and sturdy, very protective, I'm sure, but so thick and sturdy that it was difficult to use. Part of the screen was unresponsive and even a heavy tap often yielded no response. And the application instructions were nearly illegible (black letters on dark orange box in such a small font that even with a magnifying glass it was a struggle to read).
Turns off whenever my friend uses it. Trash.
This is the second one I have purchased. After a month of light use they do not work. Of course I'm passed the return time. Will not buy again.
Can't hear unless you're five feet away
I still haven't received my order!! I will never order from this company again!!!
Great cover if you don't ever use the phone. The screen protector is way too think causing you to type like a drunk. I had to remove the cover to type this out. Most likely I'm going to remove the plastic screen cover and buy different one. Highly doubt this is a real otterbox product.
Maybe Spigens other products are good, but I wont recommend this one. The reinforced hard bumper frame breaks too easily. The case is useless when the frame is broken.
Was not very happy with this as soon as I installed it. There is a spot near the fingerprint sensor that you can always see, looks like the home button of an Apple product. Had it installed for about a week when it started to fall off.
I received a package of two. One does NOT work. I missed the product return date by 5 days as it was only 30 days. Ugh. Don't buy it!
These really are awful! I absolutely would not have purchased these with 1 star! Kinda feel like I was swindled! 1st day 1st protector... I put phone in pocket and it fell off screen so for a few days I looked at it through lint covered screen. No worries it shatter in no time. 2nd lasted 2 days huge crack from one end to the other then a whole corner just disappeared. That's with my case on! Such a waist of money. Save yourself the cracked screen heart murmur!
I bought this product for the wide angle lens to take pictures outdoors. However, I was disappointed no matter what I did to the lens (cleaning, adjusting etc.) there was a blur on the left side. I realized my iPhone 7 takes better pictures without the lens. I would not purchase this product.
This adapter worked for maybe a whole Minute. Next thing I knew, it wouldn't let me even charge my phone through it, let alone play music.
Cracked within the first day.
Do not buy, the joycon covers leave cosmetic damage on the joycons, they scrape off little bits of paint as shown on the pictures.
Don't buy it. Worse battery case I ever gotten. It stopped working after two weeks of having it. The battery was charged but when I would turn it on to charge my iPhone it wouldn't charge. The case and battery seem cheaply made and of low quality nothing that you might think when you see the picture online. Yes, I am not an expert to say that the battery if made of low quality but from my experience and I feel I can judge the item for what it is.
Awful. Broke after only two weeks of use.
Every cable stopped working after about 6 months
Poor quality product and shatters easily.
So disappointed. I have had Samsung products for years but not only where all the directions in Spanish only, the darn thing won't charge! I can't even turn it on. I went on line to trouble shoot and apparently this is common but at least most people can get some sort of activity. Mine is just dead. Please save your money. I wish I had.
did not notice the difference between my old battery and this one.
Possibly the worst screen protector I have ever experienced. The sensitivity of the phone screen was completely gone and the screen protector kept unsticking.
You nor the person on the line can hear each other, absolutely awful wish I hadn't wasted my money
I have had this phone for less than 2mths and it is slow and dragging now!
Horrible product! I bought two of these cases, one for myself an the other one for my wife. My wife HAD an iphone 7 plus which was completely ruined with water. Somehow th plastic ripped and water came gushing right in! We're down $700 due to ththe fact that we had to purchase a brand new phone! Don't buy this case!
Awful. Waste of money. Doesn't charge my phone at all. DO NOT BUY THIS. NEVER BUYING FROM SELLER AGAIN
Sorry, but this is very tacky and ugly, cheaply made. Painted metal, not stainless steel.
The case is not clear at all. It is cloudy and it is used. All scratched up with smudges and fingerprints everywhere. Terrible!
Would have been 5 stars if it wasnt missing the antenna wires. Package was sealed missing pieces. Bummer
It says it fits 6+, 8+ with the otterbox, no it does not!!! Also, the magnet does not stay closed!
this product gave me such a headache. it wouldn't work. after charging it it decided it was going to turn on and off on its own. It got to the point where it was very annoying it kept beeping at me would record than turn off than turn on all on its own. i even thought bought a new sm card to use thinking it needed more space but no, just terrible.
Look for another brand I bought 3 for my family and all 3 cracked within a week.
Waste of money. Doesn't control my radar detector as described.
It looks really good but it's scratched every inch of the chrome frame of the phone. Had to go to Apple and replace the phone.
Doesn't stick around the edges
Didn't work. Returned
This case is horrible.
I hear a ton of static when using these that isn't heard in the official Apple adapters. Literally not worth it at all. Returning now.
I did get my packing.. say it was in my mail box and it was nowhere in the mailbox!!
I purchased this product for a long road trip for my computer to charge. My laptop battery only lasts about four hours and I needed something to charge it. It charged it slowly and took 4 hours to charge completely and by then the HALO battery was depleted and needed to be charged itself. I needed it to be more than that and it's claims that it could last longer are not true for what I needed it to do. I drive long distances more than 8 hours and I need my computer. So I was looking for something more. Unfortunately, because I took a three week trip, by the time I came back to return this item I was literally 1 day late to return this product. I do not recommend this product, I'd rather have spent a little more money and got something else than wasted $160 in this. It did charge phones, but again slow to charge and depleted it to one bar after a couple hours for two phones.
Worked great. After owning it for a year and a half it now makes a loud buzzing sound. This was next to my bed and charged my phone, Bluetooth headset and tablet while I slept. Now it has to be placed out of the room.
I was so excited and couldn't wait for this purchase.I received it 30 mins ago and opened it up and there was a piece missing and a part broken.
The clip that came with the case for this phone broke I had two of them they both broke is there anyway I could get a replacement for no cost
I was sent the wrong size case of what I ordered, had to return
The battery did well for about a week or 2 and now only holds a charge for about 2 to 3 hours. Was really hoping this battery would last longer. I have deleted apps turned off gps and wifi and the battery still dies in just a few hours.
I bought the case based on the picture and was disappointed. Picture is sparkly silver. Real case is white and matte light grey. Will be returning.
I got them as a replacement to my week-old Apple earpods that came with my iPhone after I lost them on the Metro tracks. :( They don't work. At all. My iPhone 8 Plus doesn't recognize the accessory, even after trying every troubleshooting hack I could find on the internet. Also, there is incessant static that comes out of the earbuds. They also don't take returns or refunds, so I would absolutely find some earbuds elsewhere. It's worth it to just pony up the $30 for Apple ones.
The adhesive did not work; the protector fell off the phone minutes after it was placed.
Horriable didn't line up at all I have the galaxy s8 plus. The top would not lock together. I loved the look And feel but couldn't use it like that.
Worked for less than 2 months. Fell 18” out of a loose hotel electrical outlet and immediately stopped working. Description on Amazon says it is “tough.” No it isn't, based on my experience. Look Anker, hotel outlets are often worn and loose. If it can't sustain a short fall of 18” it isn't worth the $25 plus I paid for it. Ouch.
I would have been more impressed with the sound of just lighting 30.00 on fire and watching it burn. This is the biggest piece of junk on the planet. Please don't buy it. Save up a little more money and buy a reputable amp. If you're wondering, this amp is only as powerful as a stock head unit. Nothing more. Its no where near 200w worth of power, not even on its best day.
Is not working so nos good product I am very disappointed whit I return
Almost impossible to see screen even on brightness setting in sunlight
Won't pair with my phone. Tried it 5 different times. Now it won't even turn on and I've charged it for a whole day. Don't waste your money from this seller.
This works for music but not phone, thr is a strange buzz sound that never goes, waste of money dont buy please,
This product was horrible!!!!!!!!!! Broke when I was wiping it down when I dropped my phone popped right out of the case!!!!!! I have never been so upset at a product in my entire life. Advertising is a complete lie all around. Waste of money and time
Doesn't connect properly, earplugs don stay in place
No instructions. When I scanned the QR code, my phone said it contained a virus.
Broke on it's second use. Lightening adapter is very fragile. Avoid this product.
Didn't want a permanent holder or anything with adhesive that would mark the dash. Wasn't shown in the description. Need to return it.
Appears that the phone was either opened or used and not new. I am not sure if this was a 3rd party. though it was sold by Amazon. I called the CR rep and told her that I didn't want to open the box until I spoke to someone. The box had long strip of scotch tape and when I opened the box, the plastic had air bubbles on it and that was a sign it was used or open box. I sent back the transparent Crystal Cover also and never opened it. This was my first type of this kind experience wit Amazon. I had asked the CR rep if it was open box or used, because maybe perhaps I read the ad wrong and I was informed that it should have been new. Would have taken a picture, but did not have a phone to do that.
I am VERY Upset with my purchase!! I applied the liquid glass screen protector to my phone. Then I went to register my protector for the $ screen replacement Guarantee and realized the liquid glass screen protector I received does not have code for registering the liquid glass screen protector for the warranty.
Received on July and after a month they are breaking, plastic bad quality.
Camera was completely non-functional.
I ordered this phone case and started using it less than a week ago. The plastic cracked as soon as I put it on the phone. Update: After 5 days of use, the case split where you can slide cards into it. I never even used that part.
Flimsy and cheap. I thought they looked sturdy but not at all. They probably wouldn't hold up. Returned as soon as I opened the box.
These headphones lasted 9 days before they stopped working. Save your money for a better quality product. The design was great, but the quality suffers.
Starting acting up on the second day of purchase. Networks would disappear and I could not make a call or connect to internet after that. I put sim in another phone and worked fine.
had this a short time and it just fell off, i clean phone with soft material that comes with eye glasses so no liquids near it . has lost sticky adhesive material that allows screen to stick to phone screen. so disappointed in quality
Took it out of the box and plugged it in---didn`t work. The indicator light didn`t illuminate--just dead as a doornail. I called Samsung to see if there was some hidden switch somewhere--there wasn`t. Now wrapping it back up to return to Amazon.
Touch screen is practically non-functional after installation. Glass does not stick to screen. Worthless product, and you will get what you pay for. I consider this to be 5 dollars thrown in the trash, which is exactly where this product is going.
This crapped out after only two months. Terrible gift. I feel bad I gave it to someone for Christmas!
Completely worthless. Should have trusted the other poor reviews. These don't even fit the face if the watch and appear to be made for another model or type if smartwatch. I have the Gear s2.
Use caution when purchasing from this seller. I got an email saying the fish locator was shipped and will receive it in a few days. All I received was a printed invoice in a priority mail envelope. Seriously? Trying to get a hold of them to get what I ordered. That's an expensive invoice piece of paper.
I purchased this item on March 20th and 36 days later it does not work. When I turn it on and rotate the dimmer switch it will blink but will not stay on. I looked to try and see if I could return it for another one thinking I may have just got one with a bad switch but there is no way to contact the company and the return window in the app won't open after 30 days. I counted on this product in my business to take photos of clients after hair cuts as I am a barber. Poor service. Bad product.
Bought this radio for the Bluetooth... now I'm mad because the Bluetooth has stopped working ... I bought this only 4 months ago ... mad
Misleading.....does not, I repeat, does not fit the Pixel 2 XL...covers up the speakers and camera. Not tempered glass as stated. Wasted my money. How can I get my money back? If I could give it a half star I would.
I get these few months back and believe it or not 3 stopped working. Almost didnt have a working wire on a overseas trip. Luckily i took 2 of them. Best to spend a little bit more money and buy better quality.
I thought this was for an S6 edge. It is not. I was so excited and it did not fit my phone.
Ordered an iPhone 5c cover and it does not fit. You can't plug the charger in while the case is on so you have to take the case off every time you charge the phone!
According to Amazon it was delivered today but it's nowhere to be found. Where is my order?
Broke with in 3 days
Did not work. My phone was cutting off and battery quickly drained
Case does not fit the model at said it did. Please refund
I bought this adapter to connect a flash drive to my iPad, which was in an « otterbox » type of case. It did not recognize the external drive, though it did fit nicely through the hole in the case. I can't say whether or not it worked for charging, as I didn't attempt to dod so.
Not what I expected. Just Get the legit stuff
Doesnt fit my phone.
I honestly believe I got a defective screen. the screen is not clear and has weird lines in it. I had a geek squad from Best Buy confirm that it was a defective screen. This replacement screen was more expensive then the other ones but I was hoping to get a quality screen. To bad I installed it and now can't remove it to return
I was very happy at first, but after 3 months both of the cables is not working anymore. I'm trying to come back and check on how to claim with the 1-year warranty service but Amazon completely changes it to another post and does not have this item listed anymore. About the friendly warranty service, they mention turn out not very worth trusty.
Nice looking case but it doesn't fit my s7 edge. It fits my s6 edge. I'm disappointed
It worked fine for 2-3 days then it just stopped working and never turned back on. When I connect it to the charger is says it's charging but then after an hour it says 0% battery
Thought I had what I was looking for in a smart watch but after buying this watch i to give this product a No go because the band connector is too flimsy and broke first day. This could be overlooked if I could replace the band with another.
Wow. Just three time I was trying to pull the sucker and it breaks. .z
Scree protector which is very important to me cuts off parts of web pages on both sides because of the 2 mm black line. would be a good product if it had a clear tempered glass screen. Just very annoying when trying to read the news. Should have made the case a little bigger to prevent this.
I really love this case but it does not fit the phone properly. The phone doesn't seem to fit snug in the case and I am afraid it will crack if it falls
The phone looked great and had no visible damage. My so was so excited to get this after having saved for MONTHS to purchase it. Imagine his devastation when it stopped working after less than two weeks. This was such a disappointing transaction. but kudos to Amazon for promptly handling it!
At first I thought it was a good product for the money. It was easy to put on and it well with my case. Unfortunately after using it for one week my phone slide off my couch and the whole screen protector not only completely came off it also shattered. Its definitely not touch friendly at all. Luckily it's a 2 pack but I'll definitely be looking for a better product. I've never had this happen with any other screen protector. Disappointed in this product and didn't read the reviews which I should have apparently. Definitely wouldn't reccomend this product
I had really wanted this phone, but after having it for a few day, the battery would get so hot that I could not hold the phone, when I would make a long call the battery would get very very warm and to the point you would have to set it down. After the second day of use, the radio antenna came off and would not stay on. maybe I just got a bad phone an would hope that it was only this phone. As I stated I really wanted this cell, and waited several months to order it as I had to save for it. When I asked if I could get another one, they said no, I would have to send this one back and then the seller would have to agree to sending me another one.
I don't know if it got lost in the mail or what, but I never received my phone case. I also never heard from the seller when I reported it.
Only 2 of the three are still working after 2 months -update a week later only one works now
Absolute garbage. Only charges my iPhone 7 Plus to about 75%
It did not fit my watch at all. disappointed!!
After working fine for a month- the charger now won't work because it's not an apple certified charger. An error message pops up “the accessory may not be supported”. And now that it's outside of the return window I'm just stuck with defective chargers.
Phone case was cracked! The glitter is not what is it is! Fake!!!!
This worked great up until this week. It no longer syncs and when I tried to reconnect it now won't let me set it up again. Says server is down. Worked for two months, now it doesn't. After I read other reviews I see Jawbone isn't in business anymore. At least I only paid $10.
This works for music but not for phone calls.
This product supposed to be new but what I got was a used one, and it doesn't work correctly. If I could give it zero “0” star, I'd do it. What I really want is my money back.
This is probably our 3rd reader that has broken, although this is the quickest it has broken. We got it in preparation for an event where we expected lots of business, so this NEEDED to work . And it failed the day before the event.
5 days out from the return window and the third one out of three has finally crapped out on me. The first two stopped working within the first two weeks and the last one no longer works, as of last night. No visible damage so that can't be it. Super frustrated
Item less than a month old and the lining of the case is separating and no longer protects my phone properly.
When I purchased these I felt great that I had found them in the green and blue colors. Installed the green one and it only lasted about a week. I took it out of my swim bag and discovered it broken. Luckily I bought a pair because I had a run the next morning. Replaced it with the blue one, went out for run and at the 4.2 mile mark I saw it was partially tore. About a 1/4 mile later it fell off, completely broke.. $25 for junk!!!!!
Would not recommend.. This is a very cheap one, can be used to just try on how the VR will feel like.. good for iphone. But would certainly recommend a better one. Can be leveraged for kids school products. Nose would start aching after a few mins of use as it is not padded.
Had adhesive lines in both screen protectors and adhesive didn't last long
This cracked immediately after applying to my phone
Didn't fit well and as a result, made a crackling sound whenever I pressed on it. Had to press really hard for the phone to register the touch. After about a month, the top of the screen protector cracked under the pressure I had to exert in order to make contact with the actual phone screen. Phone screen is fine though. Went back to film protector by IQ Shield.
I did not receive a package yesterday; although, the email shows it was delivered yesterday evening. I was home. No package. :(
The battery was immediately bad. The phone would drain from 100% to 0% in 30 mins. I replaced with a different battery and the drain no longer happened, so it was the Amazon battery, not the phone.
First one died within a month, replacement lasted less than a year. I can't believe that I'm the only person who had 2 batteries go bad.
I bought two of these for my kids. They Worked well for about a month then both started glitching constantly and after 2 months they both quit working. I contacted Amazon since the return period had expired and they refunded me (not fully for some reason but I think that has to do with my payment method, not sure). I replaced these with a different brand and went Bluetooth. Cost a bit more but still inexpensive. The corded headphones are just awful quality and break quickly.
These are terrible. I had to throw both out. They did not like to stay on the curved edges, was impossible to not get dust under it, and it was even worse in a case on the edges. The top and bottom pieces around the speakers didn't stick either. I recommend a different brand.
I️ wouldn't even give these 1 Star. The sound quality is horrible and it has no microphone for phone calls. Then the ear pieces fall off all the time. Horrible horrible Product, do not waste your money ! Hasn't even been 4 months and they already don't hold a charge!
I have already had 2 of the 3 fail on me. The charging process extremely slow. A total waste of money imo.
I used this product to charge my phone and all of them have quit working
Talk about a POS!! I ordered this to replace a broken cover on my iPad. I got this and while putting it on my iPad it BROKE! Super cheap material and I so disappointed with the quality that I put the new and old screen covers in the trash! Don't waste your money as this will just disappoint you.
The screen protector went on very easily. It looked great and had no flaws, but I could not use my phone's touch screen properly. The sensitivity was gone. I had a lot of trouble scrolling up and down, and typing in letters and numbers. I ended up having to take it off. Very surprising since this screen protected received so many good reviews.
My biggest concern was that my camera lenses was exposed . I prefer a case that covers my entire phone for protection and I thought this was one that did that .
Send me a defective screen
they don't work with iphone and 3.5mm headphones
Completely cracked after 4 days.
Does not do anything for fruit flies. They actually like the little light on the front.
Advertised as working with the Galaxy Smart Watch ... bought it to have a second charger for travel, but it does not charge the watch. When the watch is placed on the charger, it does not charge and the watch displays the message "Use the original charger."
This is poor quality. I highly do NOT recommend this product. The charger cord did not work and is much stiffer than the Apple name brand cord.
Well made and seem like they would have been exactly what I wanted if they were made for the phone I ordered them for. I don't know what what phone they were made for, but what I got in the mail is not what I wanted.
I ordered these to have spares on hand, got my pack of 3 and was pumped to listen to my audiobook a little before bed. Hook the first one up to my headphones and phone, get settled, pressed play. I heard zilch, no sound, nothing. Figured it might just be a bad one and then tried out the others and ALL 3 DID NOT WORK. At all. Didn't even register as if there were headphones connected.
I dont know what this screen protector is trying to do, but it is awful. The only sticky part is a dime sized dot in the middle of the screen protector. I had to press down hard to get the screen to recognize that I was typing.. I threw it away less than a week after trying both of them.
Junk, absolute junk. Three cables, all feel like they were made with the cheapest plastic. Out of the 3, only 2 worked, and by worked, I mean they didn't. They are constantly connecting and disconnecting from my phone. Do not buy these Customer service is a joke as well. Emailed them, they said sorry for your issues, you must have got defective item. Have a nice day..... ummm, ok. I'm returning these.. don't buy
This product never arrived.
My family just purchased a Chrysler Town & Country Van. We bought this cable to hook our iPhone to the screen in the back. Unfortunately, we could never get it to work. Not sure if it's iOS 11 or what but we never got the picture to display.
Does not connect via Bluetooth
This cable is very oddly designed. Samsung wall chargers have the USB power connection on the side of the wall charger. This makes plugging the cable in very awkward. Plus you cannot return it. I wish I had not purchased this cable.
I've been using this phone case for a year. Due to the design of the case, it has caused damage to the plastic back of the phone. See these photos. It has done a good job of protecting the phone from falls, but it will not keep your phone in like new condition and actually causes damage to the phone as shown in my photos.
It's bad 2 of the 3 are broken. I wanted to return it, but I desperately needed a new one. So I decided to keep it after all.
Case arrived on time in wooden box case as advertised. However side buttons are not well shaped to the buttons on my XS. When the case was on my phone 1) I could not press the volume or right side button, the silver buttons don't fit well 2) the case fits so tightly that it presses all the buttons flush down and it keeps taking screen shots. Useless.
I really like this product when it worked, but it lasted a little over a month and started making noice and completely stopped charging. Wouldn't recommend this product to any future buyers.
Very cheep looking, will not order from this company again.
Not cute at all! It doesn't look like in the picture at all, not shiny, you can't even see the “rose gold”
Worse mistake ever, don't buy this product. Sound is suck.
I bought this because I assumed all screen protectors are basically the same but this said it had a hydrophobic coating; that's complete bull****. This thing smudges up as bad, if not worse, than any other screen protector. As others have noted, the adhesive doesn't work. I made my wife put it on (because she's better at putting stickers in place than me) and she had a hard time with it. It felt like it could come off any minute. So I decided to try myself and apply the second one. Nope same problem, went to "seal it" and it just slid all over the place. And I'm not sure what they mean by "no rainbow effect" (I assume it's talking about thin film interference). Yeah, well I've never had a screen protector with such terrible "rainbow effect". It's not distracting, so this isn't a huge issue but if you look at it with an angle you'll see a beautiful thin film interference "rainbow" pattern.
The color is nice but the product is too large for a J7. My phone pops out of the case with a small bit of pressure. It comes with a screen protector that is also just slightly too big.
Listed for about 8 months before connector broke
These screen protectors cracked extremely easily for me. I went through all 3 within ONE week. Any item that hit the screen it would crack, I cannot imagine what would've happened if I actually dropped my phone. Not good sadly.
For some reason the facial recognition did not work with the case on. either the area on top where the camera looks thru the front holds the dirt, or it blocks some of the camera. As soon as i took off the case the facial recognition worked perfect every time. The 3 piece design is very difficult to open if you need to.
It does not stick for long; it creaks and makes noise as if it is not adhered to the phone. You have to push so hard to get the phone to work/sense your touch through the protector screen. Hate it.
I bought this mobile phone case. It came unwrapped and soon broke.I returned it for a change, thinking it was a fluke.It is not.About a month later, the new box broke, but only lasted for a month, I would never recommend this product!
Did not fit my car vents
Ordered a 6s white with Home button an camera all was supposed to have to do is open an snap off plugs an snap New on ....An I got a bare 6 black An would've had to change all the parts but couldn't even do that because it's a 6 An not a 6s 😒
the day after giving this watch as a Christmas present.
Perfect for the gym! I could never find ear buds that stayed in my ears until now. UPDATE- these lasted all of about 6 months. Spend your money elsewhere!
It worked for a fee uses not even 5 times and it just stopped working
I've been waiting for the product for two weeks. I have requested the return of the money and they ask me to return the product ... I have never received it.
Right headphone already not working and it's been like a week.
I needed for 6 plus which is longer than what i was sent
These ear buds are pretty garbage tier. On both sets the left ear bud stopped working well almost immediately. They went through a phase where I could wiggle the cable around and get it working, but in about 6 months both pairs included with this purchase crapped out. The shape was pretty uncomfortable for my ear as well, no matter which attachment I used, though this probably varies from person to person. Buy something else.
Does not cover enough of the front of the phone. Glass is exposed. Huge scratch within 1 day of using. Terrible terrible dishonor to my family
Will not charge anymore stopped working in a week
This is the worst watch. It has never updated correctly and is now officially dead. Customer support sucks.
Expected something with some rigidity and protection from bumps, jostles and dings that every phone receives. What arrived, however, was a chintzy shell that only provided an illusion of protection, nothing more. Save your money for a case which will not just look nice but will actually work as you'd like, as well.
Touching the screen won't register touch and finger print won't work properly it was so bad I had to remove it from my phone
Good quality tempered glass, easy to install, touch screen works, unfortunately it's flat and the watch curves at the edge so it leaves a gap which catches on things and after a few times the protector pops off.
Very bad quality, it's stuck with rubber!
work just fine* for a few minutes edit: at first gave 5 stars but after a few weeks of very light use 2 of the cords are very touchy and only charge if they they stay in a certain postion i gave away the 3rd cord before i realized how cheap they were and the person i gave it to said the micro usb end fell apart the first time they went to unplug it from there phone
Adhesive only on edges, does not stay on screen
I have had these chargers for 2 months and all of them have already crapped out and won't charge. Super disappointed. Don't waste your money.
Avoid! Worst thing ever!!!... My coworker and I both bought one at the same time. His lasted 2 weeks longer then mine. Both failed the same way. All lights and buzzers constantly going off. And the display is useless. Buy something that cost more and last more then a week.
Was not happy....screen had scratches on the corner and also did not fully stick to my nav unit. Returning to seller.
The very first one I opened was defective and didn't work properly at all. It ended up making a mess. And unlike as described, it nearly damaged my phone. It got under the protective casing where I had to take it apart before incurring liquid damage.
Out of the 5, two cords didn't work after a few days...the shorter ones are still working. Disappointed.
The item looks good, but on the first drop a big chunk of it came off, would not buy again.
The outer paint came off in 2 weeks
Horrible! Touch screen doesn't work with it. Has to press very hard
after a few weeks it stopped charging when when the blue light was on???
These do not stay charged for more than 10 minutes. Even after being charged all day!
Didn't receive product at all. Package assumed to be lost and Amazon won't provide a refund! Don't buy from here!
Garbage. The protector fits perfect, the installation is super easy with the plastic piece that fits over the phone when you install... But it's not a privacy screen. It dims the screen from the side but you can still see every detail clear as day. Also I would mention on the details of this product that if you wear polarized sunglasses it makes everything rainbow. This came off my phone within 15 minutes of install. Garbage.
No good. Lost all my bass
These cut out CONSTANTLY, even while sitting perfectly still. When I say constantly I mean you don't even get an actual second uninterrupted. They actually fit nice and are comfortable and the battery works great, but because they are designed for the sole purpose of listening to music or making phone calls and they don't perform that function whatsoever they are utterly useless. DON'T BUY
My iPhone will not work with this
The products adhesive does not work. The cover keeps moving around and trying to come off.
touch screen doesn't respond
DO NOT BUY. Came in a package of two and neither worked. One didn't acknowledge that it was connected and the other wasn't able to physically plug into the 30 pin side. Low quality build. No return policy in place because they know the low quality of their product.
Had the product for a month, and the ring fell off my phone today.
returned it. didn't work at all
Purchased on Feb 9th, USB DEAD on March 13th DO NOT BUY
Felt tacky like it was sticky to touch. The pen didn't like it at all. Couldn't text. Also says it's tempered glass but it was actually plastic.
Not worth the money buy an otter box I'm 6ft tall slipped out of my hand and fell in driveway. Phone screen shattered. Dropped phones in otter boxes (even ran one over in a armpit series and never had a screen break). The whole case feels cheap and flimsy. I may be harsh on phones but have never had an issue with an otter box. The charge headphone and speaker cover are also cheap feeling and also difficult to open when charging. For those who want a positive things in the review... the sound quality is perfectly the same in the case or out.
Had it on my watch for about a week and it's cracked all along the edges. Didn't drop or hit my watch against anything, just a bad quality product.
Not at all what i thought. 3 little plastic rings i have no idea how to put on and for what? Do not need the charger. THOUGHT I WAS GETTING A PROTECTIVE COVER,, NO CASE ONLY FLIMSY PLASTIC LIKE THE 3 SHOWN ..NOTHING ELSE
I purchased this item and I didn't want it so I cancelled it right away. The seller went ahead and ship out the case anyway then sent me a email saying they would refund money back once it was received well they received it and are trying to tell me that they are keeping the case and not refunding the money back! Buyer beware there ripping people off!
Don't waste your money on this. Will not last a day on your phone. Stay away from this product.
Product came broken, plastic fuse holder was split.
I can't rate it because both times I ordered it they sent me wrong one :( I really like the looks of it but cant get the right one from Amazon
Do not purchase does not stick to iwatch
The video quality from the center to the right always looks blurred. We need to get really close and stop to capture the license plate.
My wife bought this and within a month even if the battery pack was at 100% within 3-5 hours it would be a 0%
They only worked for a week.
BATTERY drains still and does fast even Thought I use original charger only It worked good for 1 day than you know the rest I would get a refund and send it back but I'm not going to open up my phone again for this.
started cracking in the first 30 days and we are not hard users on our phones. Never had one crack so easily before.
They arrived all cracked up and I just started my return. I better get my money back.
This what you get same with all my other products
I opened the battery and charged it right away. It got to 99 but never to 100%. It charged my phone 2 1/2 times before dying. Sometimes it worked from one USB port sometimes the other didn't work. It went from 99 the entire time to 0 and then died. No other numbers showed up. I really wanted to like this. It's small but bulky. It's easy to carry around but broken.
It is not working with iPhone X,so I loose my money
I give this a negative review. they did not honor a warranty. do not waste your money.
Terrible quality. Looks great at first but then all of them started peeling in one month! I also didn't even use it every day. Must of worn it for a total of 7 days, 2 of them have only been used for 3 days or so. Missed the return window by one day as well. So disappointed especially since we bought 3.
I have had multiple sets of these and kept buying them , the last set I got a warranty on but they said I had to send it to the manufacturers. To do so you have to pay to ship them there and then pay to ship the new ones. And for <$30 set of headphones even with the warranty I paid for it wasn't worth it.
Disappointing purchase. The micro-USB connector was set in the hard plastic plug at notable angle. Needed cable so used it but not surprised that ultimately cable failed to make an electrical connector.
Case cracked already by the volume rocker. The case is nice with a slim feel but that slim feel effects longevity for sure.
Too slow to be useful. The charger cables provide very low current. New generation Apple Watch won't even fully charge and older watch will charge very slowly. The other side of the cable will charge iPhones and iPads much slower than a normal cable.
There garbage they have no bass and one of the packs broke on the first day I got it
It appeared to pretty good size on the picture but when we recieved the packaged it was really small camera.
The camera worked fine for a few months. When I tried to pull the card out to review the camera, it wouldn't come out. I contacted the manufacturer through Amazo for warranty. NO RESPONSE! I didn't want to be without a camera so I felt with it using a USB cord directly from camera. It worked fine for another few months and now the camera stopped working. I will never buy another product from this company.
I received this product without any instructions. I just got an unlabeled black box with the keychain inside. I didn't use it for a couple months because I couldn't figure out what to do with it. I finally found where to download the app but it kept unpairing itself which would make my phone beep and a weird message would flash across my phone. Last straw came less than 24 hours later when the screw that connects the leather loop came undone and it came off the clip. This product has been a big headache and is now completely useless.
Dropped the phone (slipped out of pocket) from height of about 3 feet and it shattered. Not happy...
It broke one day after I put it on
Not worth it not recommended worst screen productive every
Two out of three of the faceplate covers received were cracked and unusable.
It does not have a mirror. It does however come with a app that does not work.
Super bummed. I ordered this and my watch was on back order. Finally got my watch and was so excited but now I have to order a new case and wait again to wear my watch because this case is faulty. The case had great reviews I think I must have just got a bad one. The case won't close all the way on one side. Super bummed...
all of my other cables charge my phone perfectly...i bought this one due to its length....it has to be in the perfect position for it to charge....if you move the phone or cable at all it will stop charging
Screen hardly sticks to phone and requires a lot of pressure for it to recognize you are trying to access an app or press a key. Tried both in pack and had issue with both.
has no clear screen protector
The original stylus that came with my Galaxy Note 5 lasted 5 years. The one in the photo lasted slightly over 3 months and broke. Totally unacceptable. Be sure to avoid buying a Galaxy Note stylus from this vendor (in stock novelties LLC).
Horrible product. Scratched at the top after a few days and the scratch continued down the front as if it were a crack. The protector came off once too...I managed to stick it back on but it is kind of loose. It shows fingerprints like crazy and is nearly impossible to keep clean. Not happy and returning it!
didn't like it and I remove it in the same day I put it.
Price is cheap but so is the product. One ear bud works fine but the other side is quieter and there is a constant crackling noise
The screen was defective. I'm still waiting for the owner to contact me.
I love the case overall however it did not come with a screen protector at all.
the biggest reason I needed this was for fast charging and it is not that. I have a fast charger which will fully charge my phone from a dead battery in about 80 minutes. This one takes over two hours.
the reason this product is so highly rated is because it was home to some replacement cups or something. the product in its place is low quality and barely works. Not worth 2 dollars let alone 7
OMG first time in 5 years with amazon the first thing I needed ever just happens to NOT CHARGE! I have tried 3 different adapters and cords and still phone doesnt charge.
So much for a good review. As soon as I put the screen protector on it cracked in the corner and spread all the way across the screen.
It didn't stick well - both came right off with little effort. Don't waste your money!
This product is not strong enough. The magnetic is ok but the little arm doesnt support the phone weighs
followed directions and still the holder would not stay glued to dash . when it got warm in sun light it fell off .which wouldn't be good ,but to make it worse it fell off with my phone in it, and broke off part of the knob on my stereo. I WAS NOT HAPPY!!
This charger destroyed my phone.
I was so excited to receive this monitor due to the reviews and ratings. I looked past the bad reviews and gave it the benefit of the doubt, unfortunately, within a month, the monitor stopped playing sound and picture altogether. I tried to troubleshoot it according to the instructions but nothing worked. I wish it would have stayed working because I did like it at first. It has been 5 months since it stopped working but I am in the process of returning it and receive my money back in hopes of purchasing one that actually works.
Says it was delivered and I never received it. Unsure of how to contact seller
Arrived broken, don't waste your money!
These never work. I got it attached to my Mercedes vent, but the phone just weighs the mount down, and the phone jumps at every bump.
The cases cracked very easy
This item would not stay sticky on my dash. Probably not a problem with most cars but evidently with my car. The one star was for the product and not the dealer
does not fit an iphone 7. do not order
Highly disappointed.... the edges of the case are coming off and warping .... does not seem like it will last much longer ...the worst case ever !!! They only offered me a refund if I gave them a better review !! Are you kidding me !!
This screen protectors not good. Looks not clear. When I put on my screen, middle 2 big bubbles there 😞
Wish I could have given zero stars.... how bad does quality control have to be to send an obviously used item?? Did I purchase a used one? Don't think so. Not sure if it works well, but it sure is adorable. Going to exchange and hope I receive an item that isn't already splattered with wax....🤞
too heavy for the vent, plus with the Iphone x it will fall from the vent onto the floor. wish i would have paid more attention to the other reviews before i pruchased.
Horrible product, cord tore on first use, didn't charge watch all the way, made it hot to touch. More than likely ruined my watch battery. DO NOT PURCHASE!
I received a two pack of 10 foot type c cables, 1 red and 1 blue. These cables are advertised as 5 mode changeable. I hit the switch and it only turns the light off. Nothing more irritating than missing features that are advertised.
I purchased this for my phone since I am constantly on the go. I was expecting the coverage and protection that is offered as advertised however, at the 1st drop of my phone from a 3ft table my phone screen cracked and shattered. I was not running and the drop was a slip so no forceful trauma and I cannot believe the ottorbox had no protection whatsoever on my phone. I am very disappointed especially because I have had other cheap cases that have rendered more protection in the past. I am in disbelief and very disappointed that this case did not protect my phone at all.
the wireless changer stop working, I bought it in July n its stop working in November, don't know why just stop changing my phone up, will not buy this one again
Said that it was not the correct battery for the device that it was incompatible and I even tried it in friends Note 4 and said same thing..
Ordered two in a row. Both arrived without the ability to record and the battery would not keep a charge what so ever
i had to turn up my brightness on my phone causing it to drain the battery because the screen is very dark
Pyle was never the best brand, but it was better then some others. I went with something cheap to replace in my truck. and thats what i got CHEAP. blown out sub from only a 600 watt amp. Not even 3 months old. Garbage
Consistently would come unplugged from phone, even over small bumps while driving. Manufacturer should make notches on lightning pin deeper for better lock in connectivity
This is garbage, the metal stand broke in 2 months of use.
Bought phone card but can not use it for my LG 440 phone because they discontinued service for 2 and 3 G phones in my area. Was told to buy 4 G phone and they would not give me a refund for airtime card. I think I should have been given some type of notice they were doing away with these phones.
Good concept earful device. No one could hear me through the cover. I constantly had to take it out of the case to talk to anyone.
Very disappointed. It should be free. Too bad condition.
Horrible broke 2 days after the return window closed
The seller failed to mention that this product does not work with onscreen fingerprint sensor. Also its not as easy to install as it says..
Sound crackled and cut out. Returned product.
Shipped older model with sticker over model number to make it look legit. Returned and purchased from OnePlus Xoxo
DONT GET THIS BATTERY. WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY. ITS FAKE OR OLD. TAKES FOREVER TO. CHARGE AND DRAINS WAY TO FAST. PHONE DIES EVEN WHEN BATTERY SAYS IT HAVE 20-30% LEFT. STAY AWAY. SCAMMERS
You can see the finger prints on the screen protector, and also the phone does not recognize the touch unless you press hard!
This cover does not stick to the phone screen since it doesn't contour well to the phone edges. Can't even use it
Both of these are already off the two phones we bought them for. These are terrible! I would not spend the money on this product again.We ended up buying a different product that works a lot better!
Although the battery part of the case does work, the top part that snaps onto the case to hold your phone inside breaks. And when I say breaks, it simply disappears. I've had two of these, and both top pieces have come up missing. Which renders the case useless.
These screen protectors are so cheap and do not last very long at all! Not worth the money! I would have returned these but it wasn't worth the time or the effort considering the quality.
Terrible product the USB ports broke the first time I use them I tried to repair it but it was so poorly built everything else started to fall apart.
Did receive item I ordered.
It was loss money from them. I never got the package and I never got money back. Felt like it was tricks to play scam on me. Negative !!!!
This is not case friendly and actually popped off my phone. Pros is it's super easy to install. Cons it wouldn't stay on my phone long enough for new to gauge how it stands up for protection.
The package on the actual item was damaged, incomplete and open. not the envelope!!!
Don't think I can write a review because I never got what I paid for.
Don't waste your money. These are terrible. The touch response is horrible and they don't stay on the phone even if you don't have a case on it.
This case didn't even fit. The clear part would just fall right off and the black piece that fits over the clear part wasn't tight enough to hold the clear protective piece on. I couldn't even use it once. I ordered a different one immediately.
I couldn't get this to work and customer service was non existent. The instructions that came with it were different than what was one the website. Save yourself some frustration and the iDatalink Maestro adapter. Much better and easier to setup.
Sorry, but the cassette was ejected from my car`s tape deck and made a nasty noise in that of my wife`s. There`re both old Lexus models.
Never received it. Package came damaged and retaped back up. Cellphone case wasn't there. Amazon had to refund my purchase.
This doesn't seem to work with all our electronics. I'm still trying to figure out which ones work, not sure if it's the electronic or if it's one of the charging slots. Disappointed. Update: This doesn't work AT ALL.
Very beautiful & so MANY compliments. However, it wasn't properly secured on my watch. It kept falling off anytime something touched it. I was in town and unfortunately I realized it was gone when I look down at my watch. Was kind of sad because it was so pretty but not worth buying another just to lose it again.
You can't charge your phone with the case on - I can only use this with my wireless charger! Pretty design but not useful.
Worked for a few seconds then rejected by iphone
Haven't even had it for 2 weeks and the sides are already peeling off
The product did not work as advertised. On first attempt, the adapter half-works but the volume is very quiet and phone fails to charge. After five minutes use, the adapter not work at all. Tested on iphone XS and 7. Very disappointed.
Doesn't even come close to fitting any double DIN radio. Too cheaply made to alter with a Dremel. If you have an '09 Matrix, you're going to have to get some Bondo and made a surround yourself. Don't waste your time on this garbage.
Tried it out and it does not work. I presume it came to me broken.
Cased stopped working it won't charge after one month and I'm not able to return
Horrible product. The tip melted on first use
It was old and used. It was missing the screen protector & there was food lodged in the creases of the case.
Stopped working after 3 months
This case is too bulky. With the protective screen cover it's next to impossible to operate your phone by touching the screen.
Did not adhere, had to press hard to get screen to react, cracked in 2 days.
Adapter plugs in nicely but neither the headset nor the charging works, waste of money!
This came as a set, the clear case and the screen protector. When I put the case on, the screen protector doesn't stick all the way. If I take the case off, then it sticks. Not a good fit.
It sucks do not buy, does not stick to screen at all.
Why is this a one pack when every other one is a two pack (for the same price)?
Defective had to buy it again from frys
It broke it was horrible
Both screen protectors arrived cracked. You'd think they would be tougher but they couldn't even survive the shipping, imagine if you dropped your phone with it on.
Came broken. Shattered
Does not work. Will not pair with my iPhone 7. Useless.
This upgraded version has the same problem with the previous version; it does not stick to the screen edges. It is the worst screen protector.
Speakers blown after just a few months of normal use! Buy something else!
This case is hard and tight, the quality is very bad!
This item is waterproof but you can see the wires because they are just cover whit electric tape
Didn't stay on , wouldn't buy again
8 months after purchase all 3 cords broken and in the trash. What a waste of money. Do not buy these cords!
Failed after the first time I used it and Amazon won't take it back because they only allow a month to return if you use it or not. My first clue should have been that the box was Scotch taped shut. Shame on you Amazon!!
Furious! The package arrived already opened and the watch was missing. Returning it immediately. Would give it a zero star if that was possible.
2 of the 3 cords didn't work and the other cable was plugged in and drained the battery.
Terrible product, very cheap and very disappointed.
Did not work...adhesive on edge only doesn't not adhere to S9.
Very weak and shatters too easy. Cracked the first day
Poor audio quality, little to no bass to speak of, but the worst part is the annoying 1 second delay between the device and earbuds, you get what you pay for
Awful, followed installation instructions (very poorly written) and the entire screen protector lifted within 5 minutes of installing.
It broke with in 2 weeks..:( I am not happy at all..
At first it was pretty good. But the stand kept falling off, also it isn't aligned properly so the plastic screen cover is about an inch out just enough for dirt and dust to get trapped inside, also with it being like that it's hard for my toddler to use because you have to be aggressive with the touch screen or it won't work. I took it off and trashed it.
Pop socket broke within a week. Cheap stuff
The description stated this screen protector fit a iPhone 11 Pro Max. I was unable to get the screen guide to fit on my iPhone 11 Pro Max to install the screen protector. Maybe I just had a bad screen guide, I'm not sure. I was hoping this would have worked as I wanted the blue light filter for my phone. For the cost of the screen protector, it was worth the cost. As for the durability, I had no complaints. I didn't install it on my phone since I couldn't use the screen guide and sent everything back to Amazon. If you order this, maybe the company will have fixed it by then.
I hate the product. Its constantly disconnected while listen to music. I couldn't enjoy it. I ordered twice because the first set will not connected and when it do in 2 minutes it will said power off and shut down completely. Therefore i ordered another one and i got the same result. I was very upset and requested a refund. I do not recommend the product. Not user friendly and hard to connect to Bluetooth.
Ordered the extreme edition and recieved the regular edition. Called to let amazon know and the seller did not have anymore.
I've had it two days and it already isn't working 🙄 you get what you pay for!
Juice pack stopped working after 3 weeks
My case is cracked in the corner. Only had it a little over 4 months.
ordered Feb 26 .. Due April 9th .. I would have ordered this from CHINA had I known Amazon was going too .. and it would have arrived MUCH QUICKER .. So much for Amazon Prime 2 day shipping .. LOL .. Amazon sux !!!!!!!!
Warning junk alert, do not but these cables. I purchased the four pack,( I left one in my vehicle, one at work. I gave the remaining two cables to my wife and daughter. We all have iPhones) after ten to fourteen day all for cables stopped supporting the phones. They wouldn't charge the phones any longer. Please save your money and buy Apple cables.
Cracked within 8 days. Plastic, not glass.
Only worked a few times. Not worth the money....
I initially loved this armband however there is one very GIANT flaw: the way it connects is not via a magnet, but rather 2 small little clips that hold the metal square which have indentations on the sides. The problem is, if running or moving your arms in any way, the fit is not snug and the weight of the phone (I have an iphone 7) pulls the metal up and away from the backplate and it makes a clicking noise...with every single arm movement. It is driving me crazy! If that small circle in the center is actually a magnet, it is not nearly strong enough to do anything with real movement. If it had a powerful magnet that would actually keep the 2 metal pieces from separating, it would be great. Very bummed. I bought a new case just to be able to use this (my old case was textured and thus it wouldn't adhere). One other thing that bothers me is constantly having the metal square on the back on the phone. It's slippery when you put the phone down face up and any gripping quality of your case is irrelevant, unless you put your phone facedown and can't see the screen. And, pressing the home button while flat on a table and the phone tips/rocks, which is also just an annoyance to be aware of.
Terrible at charging my iPhone X with the Apple Leather case. Stay away. My phone died on this charger and I woke up late for work.
Magnets to hold earbuds barely work
I purchased 3 of these. NOT one of them worked. One worked for about 5 minutes and that was it. SO UPSET!
I bought these because of the battery life. Unfortunately, after 2 months of use for running and at the gym they disconnect all the time. The sound gets distorted and then they randomly disconnect like other reviewers have stated. At this point I may just go back to a wired pair. Hopefully you will have better luck than I have had.
Wrong screen cover does not fit over the s7 bottom buttons.
Screen has tons of small defects in the glass and lcd has color washout along with not being close gyro half as bright as original, when iPhone is pluggged in the screen is UNRESPONSIVE
Less than one day, and it's already half separated from the screen. When it's seperated like that, the watch won't register touch right.
I am rating this way specifically for the iPhone X. I had this exact case for my iPhone 7+ and I liked it so much that I ordered it right away for my new iPhone X. I am very disappointed that when you take the phone with the thin inner case on it does not work for wireless charging. I think anyone who makes accessories for the X should point out that it does not work with wireless charging. Unusable for me. I have two other thin cases that work fine with wireless and even the thick OtterBox does.
It broke without me dropping it and the touch sensitivity is sub optimal.
Wrong product. It said it was for Samsung Gear fit 2, but nope, wrong bands. Very flimsy.
I bought this phone for my niece she is on the road the phone to completely went out on her hopefully she would be back in time for me to return
These were worse than the old batteries I had bought them to replace :( do not hold a charge
The case turned yellow.
The cable for the Apple mini charger stopped working after about 3 weeks.
I have not received any of the items I ordered I want my money back
I have the LG V30 and this screen protector does not fit the screen. It doesn't fit width wise or lengthwise.
I'd give 0 stars. The case is too big for the phone and the screen protector doesn't fit.
Got these headphones as a gift. I, personally, own the Jam EVO... not sure of the model but they are similar to these in having bluetooth/wireless feature and also materials, however these have a microphone (which mine do not) and so I got these for my best friend for using at the gym. RIGHT after the window for return was up, the right headphone went out. My friend has had them for like a month. I'm going to get the Jam's and call it a day. i consider it $40 of lost money. $30 for the product and $10 worth of embarrassment of choosing such a crap set to give as a gift.
Very dissatisfied. Made poorly . I purchased 2 cases . Would like to return . Poorly made
This product was a waste of money. I started hearing static in the earpiece after using it a few times. I have to turn it on and off multiple times for the static to go away. Sometimes the mic is not clear. I use to think that it was because I was away from the phone but even when the phone is in my hand it does not work. I paired it with my iPad and it was worse than using it on the phone. DISAPPOINTED in this purchase. It sounds like something that is short circuiting. I am very annoyed that I made this purchase and lost out on my money. To send it back I will have to pay return shipping. I hope the seller sees this review. Also they sent an email asking me about my purchase when I select the link to complain it's saying I am log logged in to the account I used to make the purchase smh. I only have 1 account which I am logged in to.
The pice that fits in the cup holder doesn't extend out enough. So it is loose! I love how sturdy the product is. Just wish it would fit a cup holder
It took me almost 3 hours to install this product and it does not work iPhone reads disabled
I received an empty box
DO NOT buy this battery!!! It fried my phone and I lost everything!
Worst glass screen protectors ever. Didn't even stick to the phone well and looked incredibly cheap. Avoid buying this item.
This product is junk, you get what you pay for. The glass doesn't fit properly and the touch on the screen doesn't register the way it should.
I have ordered this case twice so far and this particular one did not have the snap to close the case and it has already worn on the bottom edges. I've only had this one for three weeks. The other two lasted for over 6-9 months. Disappointed how the sellers sell you one thing, you then reorder it and it appears to be the same but it's not. I only kept this one because it matched my polish for my vacation.
The battery compartment no longer began to charge, it worked well only for two months. I lost my money.
Just the sticker , scam
This product did not work. Right out of the box both units caused a loud fuzzy noise when plugged in both while listening to music and when nothing is playing. Don't buy these knock offs. Buy the real thing from apple.
I had to return twice. The last one they sent was a stolen phone. Eventually I got all my money back. It was a Christmas present for my daughter. She bought two phone cards for them. Non refundable phone cards from straight talk. 100 bucks wasted that was not refunded. Not a trustworthy company
When I charge two of the same type of device but use different cables, the Native Union cable takes 3 times as long to charge the same item with approximately the same amount of battery life remaining. I contacted the seller and they never replied. Do not recommend purchase of this item. I have a similar style by another manufacturer and it still works like a champ 4 years later.
Headphone jack disconnects if it's barely bumped. It then has to be unplugged and plugged back in. Very poor quality for a $20 cord.
THIS IS MY 2ND RADAR DETECTOR BY WHISTLER. THE 1ST ONE WAS AWESOME. THIS ONE IS NOT WHAT I EXPECTED, I WANT TO RETURN IT, BUT HATE GOING THRU THE TROUBLE TO SEND BACK, WAIT FOR REFUND TO POST SO I CAN ORDER THE ONE I HAD BEFORE. THIS ONE IS NOT GOOD AT ALL. I wish I had just sent it back. Its glitched. Never been right, now it just got off constantly after 5 minutes in car.
I didnt like that their battery life is so short. They break extremely easy. Also you can pair them both to your phone but you can only listen to one head phone at a time.
Delivered today and opened to find the upper and lower right corners cracked and delaminating
Gives a device not supported error on my iPhone X. The brief time it works there is some background static.
I'm receiving wrong item 2nd time please sent right item thank you
Broke within 24 hours and not because the phone was dropped.
Liked the quality of the protector, fit nicely even with my case. However it blocked my proximity sensor on my phone which isn't a big deal tell you try to end a phone call or do anything while on the phone which is kind of a deal breaker for me...
When I opened the box of the smart phone I was in shock. The touch screen was broken in the upper left corner, and some screws were missing.
Literally BOTH of them broke the first time I unplugged them from my phone. Junk. Not worth $10!! Will be returning.
Just awful all around. Great if you like having to punch your touch screen
Plugged in and got shocked. Sparks went everywhere on the top. For what it costs is very cheap and dangerous
After I put on the screen protector I charged my watch and went to sleep. When I woke up i put my watch on and found a crack around the curve
Horrible screen protector will not adhere completely on the sides causing dust or anyting else to get under and lift disaster after one day used both in three days not worth it save your money
My first purchased came and the mic didn't work. I Ordered a 2nd one same problem. So i exchanged them both for my money back. Disappointed me Smh
Does not quick charge. Not sure why. I have a good cable
Like this unit but can't put in my own channels so returned, other than that is a great unit
cheap ,after one week it stopped working ,
Had them for less than a month and one already doesn't work. Made worse by it is the one I use the least. I don't understand why no one can make a f n cable that can last at least a year.
This charger worked for less than a day. I will be returning it
Bought these thinking I would get the same sound quality as the ones that came with my phone. They were horrible!
When wires connected to adapter they did not work and message on phone indicated not compatible.
Cheap but it has very bad sound quality... do not recommend.
Horrible broke in ten sec of first getting it
It was ripped in the middle of the case - both cases.
It's so low quality that it doesn't work. Please don't waste your money in ordering this item. Returning it back since it's defective and not working.
Junk. Bought it 6 months ago and it has already stopped charging, just in time to be out of warranty. I don't care what the cost, it's iPhones only from now on.
Takes like eight hours to charge my phone. Tried using it in my truck it will not work, get what you pay for.
This screen protector is Not glass. Edges of screen protector do Not stick to phone screen. Would Not recommend.
Did not stick to my phone properly, there was a space so I was unable to use the touchscreen. Removed and trashed it.
After one month stop charging phone, very poor quality
Conected to iphone 1 time, and would pair again
I've had this phone a little over a month and all of a sudden it just stopped holding a charge. It will charge to 100% and then as soon as I unplug it, it dies and won't turn back on until I charge it completely again. I can't even use it. Waste of money.
Make sure you read the details on this product. It is ONLY a charger. DOES NOT WORK for Syncing.
Red ones are terrible. Black ones are excellent. Red ones have volume issues. Volume seems to lower and eventually turn off on their own. Constantly have to mess with the volume.
The stand is scratched and overall cheaply made. I'm returning it. Would not recommend to anyone.
Lasted less than a month.
It does not work at all. I would not recommend buying this
I tried both of the covers that came in this package and they just don't work.Doesn't stick well so you have dead pockets where you have to press really hard. I used them with an Otter box and had to remove it both times. Very frustrating. I used another brand on my Galaxy S5 and it worked great, but this one is terrible.
Never received my order. Tried contacting the seller several times and never received a single reply. I had to contact Amazon to issue a refund. Stay away from this seller!
I plugged this thing in alongside another HUD i bought from AutoZone at roughly the same price and this one was so laggy i didn't even use it for more than one test drive. Horrible for what i paid for it.
HORRIBLE! Got these iPhone chargers in hopes to have the chargers throughout spaces in my home and to use as backups. Well... they worked all of 30 days until DEAD! Will no longer charge. :/
Does not fit 2018 renegade.
This was so I could be hands free in the car.. The sides and bottom extensions made to hold the phone are not long enough to support many of your newer phones and the phone ends up on the floor as soon as you begin driving. Great as a stand in the house, but if are going to be using it in the car expect your phone to come sliding out the minutes you hit a bump in the road.
The first day of using this "renewed" Pixel I ran into so many problems: The phone keeps crashing and freezing. The microphone does not work (can't make calls or use voice recognition). The battery holds a charge for about 3 hours then dies at 20% & the camera compared to my original Pixel phone is absolutely horrible. My Pixel had the best camera of any phone past or present. This camera seems like an old flip phone camera in terms of quality and speed-- so I don't know what happened there, maybe it was replaced with the wrong camera. All in all, when I tried using this, I thought it must be a fake Pixel manufactured in China or something.
Did not work on my Series 3 watch. The edges of the glass would not seal down.
If you look at the verified reviews they are all 1 or 2 stars. They got bots or hired people for good reviews. Its a cheap screen protector. You get what you pay for i guess
Disappointed about it, the features were perfect, but the fast charge output does not charge more than 5v, it is not what it offers. Fake output fast charge
The screen looks like it is not from the mobile phone the touch is bad, it does not even touch the buttons with it.
I had this case for a little over a month and it just stopped charging. It won't work anymore
This is junk, lasted a month and all had to be thrown away. The tips would fall apart while pluged into the device and stay inside the charging port.
A few months down the road with a maybe a handful of usage and it broke. So upset. I was really hoping this was it! Well there went a waste of money since I didn't get much out of it. The few times I did use it it was awesome though. Head broke right off of it and it was a good thing I always hold onto my camera strap as well.
Yes the product is cheap but my frustration is the fact that it covers the top of the screen so if you put a screen protector on it will push against it, making it useless. Unfortunately, I did not get it in the mail fast enough for a return. Not worth the money. In the trash it goes.
Do not buy these! I just received my order of two of these and they came rolled up into a cylinder shape in an oblong box. they are now concaved and cannot be used and are ruined! Even if these are able to be unrolled by some lucky means, the adhesive will be distorted and cannot lay on the screen perfectly flat! now I have to try to return these terribly packaged junk items.
I ordered a rose pink one and it worked great so I ordered 2 more a black and a red one. The black one never charges. And the red only sometimes I don't get it. Wish it was more consistent. I will be asking for a refund for the last 2.
This worked the first 4 times I used it and then it falls apart.... but only where it's important to stay together ... I have bought another brand and it was more sturdy, less shaking, less expensive, and worked better for my usage needs. Do not buy if u ever want to adjust it. This feels like money out the window
Super flimsy and cheap
I bought this applied as directed, and my screen was scratched within a few days!! Do not waste your money
product stopped working in less than 6 months. the pair will not match and only one will turn on. product wont even show up on my iphone bluetooth to connect anymore.
Product wasn't good The product didn't work on my phone I put it on the phone and it couldn't even open
I received this case just a few days ago and dropped my phone and the glass shattered!! Really disappointed that this case was messed up.
Bought for my wife for a Christmas present & it started losing color only after a few days... so happy I can still return it!
NEVER CAME. DON'T BUY THIS. IT'S NOT WORTH THE MONEY.
This case is Awful!! It's not tempered glass it's cheap plastic :(( Looks nothing like the picture except the color , it's not a mirror finish & or slim like it shows & also does not come above the camera lens to protect it ! It's not worth 14.99 more like 4.99. Don't waste your money !!!!!! Last 2 pictures are what they advertise!!
Garbage! Broke after 4.5 months. Can't find any warranty info so kiss that $14 good bye.
This thing is complete crap... If you really want to protect your phone do not buy this thing!
Just got this five minutes ago. The kickstand slide out is missing completely and there are scratchs on it. It had to have been used before. Not a new product. Very upset since I took a chance on a cheaper product.
I tried several times for this product to stick to the dashboard using the suction device. After an hour it falls off. One time it fell into my lap whilst driving...Not good. No doubt made in china. Rubbish product.
Umm like what? This wont stick to my phone screen like not one bit.. there was also only one set of guide stickers. Its ain't hard to make a screen protector is it? So bummed.
I bought this to replace my old case, which had just gotten dirty and worn looking after a couple years. Very disappointed! This case WILL NOT protect from shock/drops. It is essentially a hard shell case, with some small thin rubber-like triangles inside it. If you drop your phone, it will get broken for sure. I looked at this case upon arrival, and did not trust it enough to even use it. I ordered another INCIPIO DUAL PRO case for my phone, which is what I had before. I would highly recommend them: thick rubber case with a hard second shell. I have dropped my phone many times, even IN WATER, and it did not get damaged.
it was horrible , did not last more than 2 month
How embarrassing was it when my daughter opens a gift from the amazon sealed envelope and there are dead and live bugs crawling in it.
I was disappointed with the incorrect phone case
I wish I could return this item. The Pixel 2XL has curved edges and the product info does not indicate that it does not accommodate the curved edges. Either cut the glass smaller so that flat area is covered with out an issue, or curve the glass so there's not a white ring around the edge where it doesn't touch the screen. All around dissapointed in this product.
Sim did not work, it said it was already used by another phone.
Dont buy. Waste of money, They are easy to put on and it Came with three screen protectors, but my finance put one on her iPhonex and I put one on mine. I had mine in my pocket all day... Didnt drop it...and it didnt hit anything. I took it out to view my phone and all four corners were chipping away, AFTER TWO DAYS OF HAVING IT ON! my fiancé had to take hers completely off because the tempered class was getting everywhere after also chipping and cracking for literally no reason.
This is a disappointment. I bought one first and it is not charging MacBook and has noises. So I bought a second one and it's still the same problems. Returning both.
Lots of static noise. Makes it unbearable to listen to anything.
Not even had it a month and it cracked. I didn't drop my phone just pulled it out of my purse and found it on my screen, cracked on the edged. Very disappointed.
The one star was forced, if I could go lower I would!I thought I'd give this usb cord a chance, despite some negative reviews, but I should have chosen a better product. There is a shortage in the cord, no wires are showing visibly, but I have to angel the cord various ways just to get a charge, and that only last about two minutes. I would send this cord back for a refund, but I've already trashed it. Buyer beware, this product is not worth the frustration.
Doesn't fit..no slots for buttons... can't imagine what it's supposed to do... this is an honest review.
This broke as I was trying to set it up, also the instructions are not helpful for setting it up at all.
tracking information shows that your package was delivered, but I never received it
Still waiting to come
It's a good product when it works. The adhesive wasn't the problem it was the ring itself. Screw got stripped 2 months after purchase and now it's useless.
The screen protector does not cover the entire screen for the LG V40 THINQ.
Stay away from this junk!!!! Had this "screen protector" on for 3 hours. Drop my phone from sitting onto carpet. My phone is cracked and this piece of junk is intact.
This case fell off a nightstand and cracked after hitting the carpet floor. I wouldn't recommend this. Makes me concerned if this phone landed on the sidewalk.
Very cheap product, it doesn't protect your iPhone's screen
Don't know if it was the one we got but it didn't work. It didn't stick what so ever...
Doesn't even fit the screen as it's too small. And upper right portion of protector was broke when it arrived. Junk!!
this case is not what i was expecting .as described in the product features it would fit my phone but the carrying clip feature will not lock down with the phone in the case not at all what was expected
The magnet isn't strong enough to hold the case closed. Dropped it a few hours after putting it in the case, and it popped open while falling and landed screen side down. I've got a small crack in the screen now. The pockets are snug, so my cards won't fall out, but it's kind of useless if it won't keep the screen covered.
I cleaned the glass before applying, and even so, it didn't stick for 30 minutes, a total waste of money.
It's too wide to fit the watch it claims it's for!! I mean it isn't even the money that's the problem (I mean you robbed me) however it's the fact that there's no returns period which tells me the seller knew it's product was flawed and is selling them to unsuspecting people everyday. Thanks for nothing!!
Highly UNSATISFIED and it was a good thing that it came with two of them because the first one I could not get the bubbles out. I went on line before I put the screen protector on my phone even though I have put many screen protector's on my phones and other peoples phones for years. The second one was a little better be still has a few pin hole bubbles that I can not get out.
Cheap cheap cheap. Cant even wear it because the band cuts my arm, it's very sharp
Came broken and can't return it
Don't feel it will protect the screen at all. Didn't even cover the whole screen, the length was too short. Feel like a sticker, doesn't know how it is gonna be explosion proof. Bubble everywhere
I should have read the reviews so this is mostly my fault. Can't use on my iPhone 7plus. Very disappointed.
Didn't last long before left bud went out, buttons fell off and now right bud went out completely. Smh. Only good for a couple months. Not to mention this cheap product broke my neck out!
No instructions, just wipes. Says wet installation??? Wet one of them with solution I had from other screen protectors and it lost the stickiness. Good thing it's a 2 pack.
Did not fit my samsung galaxy plus 8 and the color was really off. The pic showed a bright red but it was more of a burgundy color. Not pleased at all.
Hey, I dont normally write review but this product is complete trash. The touch sensitivity is awful, you really have to push hard in some are of the screen. The only thing i like about this product it's nothing.
The clasp broke after a week of mild running (~20 miles). Seller was also unresponsive.
PHONE WOULD NOT CHARGE. AFTER TALKING TO YOUR CUSTOMER SERVICE AND PURCHASING ANOTHER CHARGER AT THEIR SUGGESTION PROBLEMS PERSISTED. RETURNED FOR REFUND.
Bad and Not working!
Don't buy, waste of money. Fell off second day of use.
Magnet clasp fell apart within 2 weeks of buying case, would not recommend. There are better, similar cases for the price.
This item is not what was pictured!!!!! I received black earphones with a cord!!! You picture here white earphones with no cord and a charge ox, now of course I have to go through the tedious process of returning these that I never asked for to receive a refund!
Don't buy this product!!! After using these cables to charge my phone, my port became damaged and nothing else would connect to it. I had to replace my phone eventually. Essentially, these cables cost me almost 1,000. DO NOT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I MADE.
This charger does not charge my Galaxy S7 Edge properly. I think I received a faulty charger, because it takes 3+ hours for a full charge, where it should take much less time with a "fast charger" like my original one. At this time, I cannot recommend this product. A replacement would be appreciated.
Soooo thankfully this was a 4 pack because the first one I applied had an air bubble on the side that wouldn't go away and the second time it still had an air bubble on the side but it wasn't as bad. Within 2 days my screen already had a small crack and by the end of the first week it was cracked in several places. Definitely not worth the money!!! I still have the cracked glass protecting my phone but it's chipping off and hurts my finger a bit if it's near the cracks. I will most likely have to buy another screen protector within the next month judging by the way it's lasting me. Not happy about that at all.
Does not work with Samsung 10+
doesnt cover the whole screen.
Honestly, the battery charges less as time goes by. As soon as months pass it will be out of warranty and holding a dead paper weight.
They show you short delivery dates until you complete the purchase, you chech the status the next day it shows your delivery would be after a month.
I received the phone and unfortunately The supplier didn't provide its accessories just I received the phone I called the supplier they promised me will find out and will get back to me but till now no response from their side Fully disappointed How I buy iPhone without accessories
Don't buy. Screen will not stay in place.
Can't get it to pair with my Android phone due to incorrect pin
put on Garmin Forerunner right out of box and had multiple air pockets as though shield is bent or warped.
Died in less than 2 months. Was unable to fast charge my old Samsung S7. It took forever. I got a brand new S9 and it would fast charge fine, but out of nowhere it won't charge anymore. Using OEM Samsung adapters with QC 2.0 capability. The lights on the charger come on when its first plugged in, but when I place a phone on it nothing happens. Avoid!
When I first got this otter box I loved it!!!! The color is feminine and I was very happy with it. After only about a week of normal use I noticed that the case absorbs stains just from sitting in my pocketbook and just from very gentle use the case got dirty and I've tried absolutely everything to clean it but the stains absorb and the case does not come clean. I'm so disappointed :( I expect much better quality from Otter box.
It worked for 2 minutes. I wanted to return it but wasn't sure how and ended up busy so now it's too late and I'm stuck with it. Wasted $25 freaking dollars on something that doesn't even work
Very disappointed the only reason I bought this screen protector was to use the fingerprint scanner, installed the first one thinking I did it wrong and well the second one didn't work either definitely a waste in my opinion
actually does not fit an android turbo as stated in the description. They will not take it back either.
Too dark to view phone screen in daylight even with brightness setting on full. Great if you don't plan to use phone outside during the day
Very bad quality in every way possible,screen color and touch are very bad and even the kit isn't that much...the cables are very fragile and break easily.
Phone screen and protector shattered on the first 3 ft drop. Save yourself the trouble of fixing your phone and spend the repair money on a better case.
Clip wears out quickly and falls out of vent while driving. Quite dangerous while operating a moving vehicle.
It felt cheap, and I bought for the rating, but all the reviews were made by the company.
Never received product or refund
The edges are not raised enough to protect the screen. So if it falls, it will hit the glass. The material is so so. Does not feel as good as the Apple ones. I will return and I already bought Apple cases.
it doesnt fit my aux in the car
Garbage kept getting iPhone does not support
The very first screen protector I opened had a huge scratch on it as soon as I put it on the screen. Horrible.
Terrible. Back part has fallen apart after a week. Horrible quality.
Screen protector does not have adhesive on the metal so corners pull up and hits random keys on phone. Great look and design other than corners won't stick so won't stay down when they get hung up on anything even a phone case
Defective. Not working on iPhone 8
Has a terrible hiss when playing music through Apple earbuds and the headphone controls don't work. Returned this within a minute of trying it.
Product arrived in a decent timeframe. Problem is, it's incredibly edible cheaply made and lasted about a week. Good thing I bought 2, right? The second one lasted only a few months. Good thing I purchased a replacement warranty plan for both, right? No. I filed a claim attempting to get replacements for them and instead I was reimbursed a mere 3 bucks and some change.
My wife was walking down the road with her iPhone in hand when the case slipped her grip and dropped to the asphalt. The case came apart and the glass at lower left corner of the iPhone was shattered at the drop of no more than 3 ft. This lack of protection does not match the description of the product. Avoid if you need any basic protection for your $800 investment.
Purchased a faulty product. It came with imperfections on the adhesive side that looked like dust at first. On attempt to reapply the screen protector I noticed that the bumps were part of the product and created massive and noticeable air bubbles.
Amazon warehouse has put the WHITE barcode on the BLACK items so it's automatically shipping wrong items. Customer service has been impossible to reach to point out error. Very unhappy with this.
Only received half the order. No car mount included
Product only worked a few weeks. Contacted seller by email through Amazon and no response. Will never buy from seller again. Horrible product.
It caught on fire!!! Thank goodness I was sitting next to my phone the moment it happened.
I had one they replaced it ater it broke. The replacment broke, they didn't reply. Then I wrote a bad review and they sent another piece of junk that already broke, it's trash PLEASE don't waste $80
It took 4 days to get here and I have prime it was on the site saying it would be here in 2 days. B.S.
I bought these just after Christmas and now none of the cords will charge any of our devices. Very disappointed!
Tha battery I ordered was not able to fit in my phone and I'm sure I have a galaxy note 3 phone the battery was too wide.
Was broken and will not snap together
My touch screen wouldnt work on the edges. The touch response is crap. It falls off even without the case on my phone.
This product worked well for two weeks. It charged the i phone whenever that battery drained to make the phone a great use for all day. Then the trouble began. Ultimately the battery case no longer charged to i phone and would not take a recharge. Very disappointed.
I paid 300$ for this a little more than a year ago. The cold in my area SHATTERED THE BACK PLATE. The home button selectively works. The screen had chips on arrival and I HAVE NEVER DROPPED IT. The battery life doesn't hold a charge and dies after 2 hours and take 5 hours to fully charge. Who ever refurbished this phone did NOT make it user ready. And too boot the price drops to $175
A few moths ago I picked these up, the problem is they really don't fit the phone and they are very fragile. Also not that that the glass isn't wide enough off by at least 2mm on each side
This power bank only worked for 1 month and got damage.
It worked 2 days. That's it.
These phones were not loud enough and I couldn't get a refund.
Works at first, then stops charging fast, phone won't keep the charge
Would not stick! This was a horrible buy!
Tried everything I could think of with different TVs and computers, could not get it to work
It's too small for the Galaxy S8 but they won't allow a return. It's a rip off. Don't buy it!
Used 2 out of 3 and both fell off after cleaning it. Also it fits a little smaller.
The case looks okay, but the the buttons don't line up correctly with the iPhone 7 Plus buttons. You cant even use the power button with this case.
The case holder already broke after one month of use. The case still in good condition but without the holder it looses functionality. I wold not recommended.
Absolute garbage. Ordered 3 time's. All 9 broke within 2 months. Shame on me . If there were a no star selection I would give this product a negative rating.
After one hour lt still 0% battery Does not work
It's too small! It could still get a crack the way it's on my watch. It's not fully on there either. I not only bought one for myself but I bought one for my husband and they just to small for our watches.
Zagg InvisibleShield I received from Amazon was junk. The packaging was old and appeared to be a re-wrap. I should have returned it but the screen protector itself looked to be intact so I installed it - or tried to install it. The screen saver did not stick to my phone. There was very little adhesive on the screen saver. I suspect that it had been exposed to multiple cycles of heat/cold in Amazon's distribution process. Worthless.
This is a bad product and i wouldn't buy it again.
Broke the same day I received it
The ring in the back of my iPhone broke and my iPhone dropped and cracked it. I'm very disappointed. I really like the case but I just got the case but the ring broke.
Disappointed that they would not fit my phone unless I took it out of the OtterBox case. Love the 90 degree idea, the end just needs to be longer.
I do not recommend this product. It works but it produces a static sounds a lot when playing music. Sometimes it would have a high pitch humming sound also.
I bought this exactly one month ago and it just broke.
junk fell apart after 2nd time I wore it
Never received order
I bought 3 packs and all did not last more than a month. 2 of the 3 packs were stocking stuffers (total 4 cords) they're already in the trash. 2 cords keeps having pop ups - does not support device, so they'll flip the cord but need to constantly adjust it so they just threw it away. other 2 cords surprisingly my 16 month old grandson actually snapped (obviously not so strong/durable). I emailed the seller as they stated to contact them and they'll replace or refund at 100%, no questions asked etc..... 5 days later, still no response. I'll be surprised if my review will actually get approved to post
Received the wrong item and was not able to have a replacement sent. Did receive a refund from Amazon though
Suck this is not fast charge at all.
This detector picks up nothing but false alerts, to a point where It get so Annoying I have to turn it off.
too cheap. The fabric was almost sock like.
Did NOT fit the phone correctly!!
Two out of six ordered work. Don't try to save $ here. Just order known high rated brands.
Product was damaged when arrive and contacted seller with no response or send new replacements. See attached
This doesn't work my phone stayed dead
Very poorly made. Bought 2, the print wore off on both right away. Does protect the phone though just the print is horrible.
Extremely cheap and very poorly made. Does not stick. Looks like child play item.
Terrible. This is a pain in the butt in assemble and it doesn't even work. It hasn't charged my phone once despite sitting it securely in the charger every time.
I'm traveling to Korea and wanted extra headphone adapters for the trip. One of the adapters only the right side worked and the other was fine for an hour than what's shown in the pitcher happened. This product is junk DO NOT BUY!!!
This product was not new as described, it did not come in a Garmin box (plain white box). I had a hard time setting up the device because another persons information was on the Garmin. I had to have a tech look into it. He reset the watch back to factory settings and it worked. I sent the seller two emails regarding a used watch. I have had no response. For the price of the watch I would have bought used. No resolution as of today.
It does not actually fit the phone. There's a gap between the edges
Nice colors but the product doesn't stick very well at all and the rhinestone fell off the minute I took it out of the packaging ... item isn't even eligible for return so don't even bother.
Does not cover edge to edge like the description says. There is a gap on both sides where the display is exposed.
The Quality of the ear buds sounded awful. I really feel like I just got some dollar store earbuds slapped w a Samsung cover. Very dissapointed don't buy these
Lasted 2 measly months Stopped charging after 2 months. I only used it at home in the same port.
I usually do not write reviews, but this product did not last! Not as described at all broke in just 4 weeks
The device came packaged like new but had marks on it and appeared dirty. The sound is terrible. Buy this if you like paying new for something used and enjoy a loud hissing sound over your music.
This battery doesn't hold charge well at all. Once my phone gets to 40 percent battery it drains so quickly. Originally bought because my old battery wasn't holding a charge well but this battery isn't any better. My husband just replaced his battery on the same type of phone (galaxy s5) and his is much better than mine for the same price through a different supplier here on amazon. I've even switched his to my phone and it works much better...that's why we know it's the battery not the phone. I feel like I have just wasted my money and I won't be doing business with this company again
This item clearly did not fit and the cutouts did not align. Got a Spigen cover that fits perfectly.
My daughter had this case on her phone for less than a week and its already broken in multiple places!! Not to mention the corner of her screen is now cracked after 1 drop.
It broke the week after I brought it...
heavy and low battery life
It doesn't work without being on the charger and also the charging wire is really small
The case looks and feels nice but I selected black coating but one week later it started peeling.
Sound level cannot be adjusted. Unless you use this product in a quiet room, it's completely useless!
Terrible. Broke after 2 days.
Did come on time but not what i expected. Quality was poor didnt seem like it would protect my phone if it fell really flimsy
works great....update 1 month later...cracked
This is the worst case I've ever had, it's always popping off and the first time I dropped it the case fell apart. I would not recommend this product to anyone
Easy to install and perfect fitment. But quality/durability is poor. I only have this for under 2 weeks and the screen is covered with scratches.
What I didn't like was they took my money never sent me the product and then never responded whenever I contacted the seller 5months later I just want my money back will never order anything from this Seller ever again!!!!! Would give negative stars if possible...
I love the look, but the quality is not there. Dead in a year. I have a pair of Mee headphones for half the price and still going strong after 5 years (not as pretty though).
This product is cheap and it's hard to press the buttons I dropped my phone on accident and it chipped on the side then it just breaks more. Cheaply made only if I could give it 0 stars
It broke 3 days after application.
This product break to easy. Don't waste your money on this!
The product did work!!
received a case for the iphone 6, case is very flimsy, returned right away
Got it tried to charge it and it didnt work
Two of four cords stopped working after a month. The remaining two died within the second month. These are absolute garbage! Conveniently, there is no way to contact the seller and there is a 30 day return window.
I bought this item for my iPhone X and was disappointed. I was excited cause the product looked great but the kick stand was almost impossible to get open and when I finally got it open the stand was broken. The stand also felt really cheap. If this issue is to be fixed I'd by again. Until then no go for me.
I would give this zero stars if I could. This product is a piece of crap! I used both protectors and on first try, neither protectors stuck to the phone. It's not like I tried multiple times for it to line up.. no it wouldn't stick on first try n i know how to put on screen protectors. Terrible product!
Was not at all pleased with the product . The adhesive didn't hold up. Went to get into my truck and the mount was on the floor. It didn't hold up to the heat. I live in Arizona.
These reviews must be bogus. I ordered this 3 weeks ago. Said it shipped the second day. Then 10 days later was told, sorry they didn't allow battery case on airplane. Huh? Then told he'd send a different way. Nothing for a week. I just asked for update and was told my order was lost and he's issuing me a refund. Yet Amazon listing says he has 19 in stock and ready to ship. So why cancel my order? Just ship it.
I saw mostly 5 star reviews on this product, but I regret not paying more attention to the 1 star reviews! Stay away from this product, don't buy it. The box it comes in says it's made of glass, but when I open it up the things they sent were thin, filmy things, not even like screen protectors. I followed all the instructions and whatever plastic things they sent wouldn't stay on the phone screen. It was such a waste of my time and money, I was very angry. Stay far away from this seller, don't make the same mistake I did!
This isn't how the description make it seem. For starters the ring does not rotate 360°, it does not rotate at all. Secondly it does not stick well to a magnet holder, falls right off of the holder while driving. Highly disappointed, does not perform as advertised.
Great case if it covered the entire iPhone, it stops right before covering the edges of the phone, the screen will hit the ground first if it falls
This DOES NOT fit a 2008 dodge 2500
Disappointed because the description does not say that the protector is too small to cover the full surface of the screen, and that the edges don't lay flat. So, you can see the edge part that is not adhered to the screen when the screen is off. The images and description of a beveled edge make it sound like it provides good, full coverage on an iPhone 8 but that's definitely not what you get, even with a protective case like an Otterbox symmetry. Like others said, I'd return it if it wasn't so cheap, and once it's damaged I'm definitely going to buy a different brand. Skip this one if you have an iPhone 8!
Was just a shade darker than a regular screen protector.
For the money I expected a little better sound. They sound no better than my stock speakers. I installed these in my 05 Tahoe. There is zero bass and the sound quality is very average. I'd return them if I didn't have to uninstall them.
To many little pieces and it broke
Did not work what so ever on iPhone 7+ and I did not try it on any other model.
Really cheap made instantly started fading.
You can't use your screen. Screen can't feel your finger anymore unless you push hard. .
Says I recieved it but have yet to see it. I don't kno who it got delivered to but it wasn't me
The screen gets dirty quickly and it's not the easiest to clean. Particles stick to it no matter what I've tried. Definitely cheaply made. Used it for less than a week.
This screen protector is not good. The edges both crack up on installation. The adhesive easily comes off and is more prominent on the edges of the protector, Leading to an imbalance which causes it to just fall off. Does not seem to be cut to the exact size needed for this to work.
Would not fit right. I returned it.
The first one I received worked about 5 minutes then the monitor went all white lines. When I notified them they said it was the camera and sent another one which did the same thing. I sent them an email today requesting full refund. 2 camping trips and still without a working back up camera. Very dissatisfied.
IT seemed to be working great and a day of the 30 days it cracked. I wasn't wrestling or treating it bad it just got cause somehow and just cracked. Very dissapointing. everything else worked great!
The seller never sent product
DO NOT ORDER THIS PHONE CASE if you like having reception. This case completely blocks your cell phone service. I can go from having full 4 bars of service with no case and as soon as I put this case on, my service goes down to 1 or no bars and nobody can hear you on a phone call. This case may look nice on my phone, but it's useless if they phone doesn't work!
So this product doesn't come with a power adapter, so you have to buy that separately, However, even after purchasing the exact type of adapter recommended by the listing, the charger still will not charge my Iphone X, Apple Watch series 4 or ear buds. Individually or together. When more than 1 item is on the charger, it drains one, then drains the other one. The convenience of having 1 charging station was exciting to me, however, it does no good when it doesn't charge anything. If you have any of these products, I highly suggest you don't purchase this charger. UPDATE: When I received the charger the seller included a card offering $25.00 gift card for a review. I posted this review and was then contacted offering a $30.00 gift card code "after it is deleted and we confirm it is deleted". I reported them to AMAZON fraud and posted this update.
Piece of crap quit working with in two days! Don't waste your money!
Does not work in an Audi Q7 (2015)
This never charged my Fitbit at all. It was completely defective upon arrival.
Did not like product does not cover screen correctly or cover the whole screen
Fit perfect but the white around the edges is a thin plastic material that does not stay adhered to the screen very well at all. I had it on my phone for 3 days the corners would not stay attached. I just took it off and trashed it.
Not the best, tends to overheat significantly to the point it is two warm to touch and remove from the socket.
Nice looking little backup battery, but it only charged once and no longer hold charge. After being charged for many hours, push the button, only one or two out of the 4 blue led light up. Connect to iphone, and within seconds, no longer able to charge the phone. Push the button on battery again, no blue light turns on this time. Amazon sent me a replacement, and the 2nd also only worked for 2 days. Same problem shows up.
Bought it because of the great reviews and ended up with the same problem the few 1-star reviews had --- won't stick to the corners. Looks horrible.
At first it looked great..but it's too slippery for my hands.
Does not work tried it on 4 iphones and 2 ipads it says accessory not supported dont buy this
It is my second time purchasing adapter on amazon and breaks after a month
I have still not received my package after two weeks and the seller has not given me back my refund
The product came warped. It doesn't sit properly on my iPhone X and it's missing the two large clear gems on top of the camera.
Do not waste your money on this phone. I have had two since my first one was replaced under warranty by Motorola for a defective battery. The second one is no better. The battery will drain really fast for no reason, and will turn itself off randomly.
Description indicates it is made for a Samsung Galaxy J3 Luna Pro, which I have and for which I wanted this screen shield. The product does not fit this phone, and appears to be made for some other model of phone.
This is the worst product I have ever bought, there is a tiny amount of adhesive only around the edges of the screen. The screen protector only stays on about 5 minutes tops. Do not buy
So at first this thing is great. Decent fit, doesn't stretch your fingers too much. But after about 2 or 3 months... Not so much. It falls off a lot, stopping it from charging unless you hold it super tight... Which means leaving it on the batter pack to to charge won't work. I leave it on overnight, not having multiple spots open to charge it, the switch, my phone, and my kindle... And it doesn't charge itself and the switch because it just falls out of the slot. Sucks. A lot. Works great at first but quickly loses its use. Which sucks. I work overnights and its pretty dead so I play some when I have downtime but this kinda sucks now. Need a new one.
The camo design started peeling off within the 2nd month of use. Do not recommend this product.
Overall just a really bad experience. Amazon used to monitor these type of sellers. Guess they do not anymore.
I needed a set of headphones for the gym and I really liked the idea of untethered earhooks, but these fall far short of the mark. While they are comfortable and provide decent (typical) audio quality, their range is abysmal. At around 2 feet from my tablet (or phone or computer, tested all of them), either one of the headphones will cut out, repeatedly for several seconds. This makes enjoyment of any content on these a complete waste of time (and money).
Terrible, only the edges are sticky and they don't even stick to the screen and a corner keeps making a clicking sounds because they don't stick and there's space between the screen and protector.
I attached the watchband (looked great), went to put it on and the O link on the band connecting to the chain broke off. Sent back.
I was only able to sync this selfie stick once with my phone. I tried re-charging, re-syncing with my phone's Bluetooth, all to no avail. still nothing. Came home from my trip with no selfie stick photos. What a disappointment. Currently deciding if I try yet again to sync with my phone's Bluetooth or give up and call it a flop.
I bought two of these adapters. Neither one worked. Waste of money.
The holes in the case was misaligned with the holes inn the phone for headphones and charging wire, overall making the case useless. Terrible product
Looks good.. Good response... Feels cheap Update... Car started acting funny yesterday.. Radio is blowing my "backup fuse"... Disconnected the radio and now no issues.. Must have internal short. Stay a way!
Fake reviews of other products weaved into the list - five star reviews of random products - that is nothing to do with this screen protector. Totally misleading. This type of rip off needs to stop. The product quality is sub-par and terrible.
Dislike Product, Did Not STAY in Place, was not secure fit.
Definitely would not buy again. Protector was slightly too small for the 38mm screen and left a lot of bubbles
Shit is horrible and breaks fast
This worked well on iPhone X but recently broke.
When I took it out of the package the side rubber clip broke off.
I haven't been able to get phone to fit into case and got same one again and that's my fault
Glass is a fraction too wide. Very minimal but enough to make it not stick on one side. After about 2 months of babying the phone the glass had a break across the entire screen. Glass is shatterproof so why? Not worth the price.
Would have given 0 stars if I could. One cord never worked and the other two stopped after only a few weeks. How can I get a refund?
A scam! I got a letter saying to go to my inbox and a product key would be there and nothing is there or my email.
Battery I bought holds charge but has faulty wifi antenna in it. Didn't get to try it until July and return window open. Still want my money back!!!
Lost some touch responsiveness. I was using a basic case from Samsung, and it would push the screen up a little and not stick. Because of this, when I dropped it on carpet the screen protector shot up 3 feet in the air. This is a horrible product that doesn't even work with OEM products.
Despite being sold as refurbished- battery was barely functional and touch screen chips stopped working within 8 months.
Don't buy these cables. While they appear to be of high quality, the 10 foot cable and one of the 6 foot cables have already failed after less than two months of use. There is no sign of damage to either cable. REAL JUNK!
FAULTY - All stopped functioning within 1 week
please don't waste your money. doesn't fit properly at all.
Only 1 out of 3 cords works.
Very cheap. The bumper on the phone doesn't sit above the screen. So very little protection.
I ordered 2 of these, they charged me for 2, but only sent me 1!! I hope this seller will resolve this in a timely and effective manner smh. I'll update my review, of they should.
It broke and fell off my phone so my phone's screen broke
Didn't work as good as I thought. Get the more expensive one
Couldn't use my iPhone when it was in the package.
It took me 3 hours to find a place within my apartment where I could pick up channels. I believe the issue was with a faulty input connector because this component broke within 3 months of use.
This would not work for me in my Toyota Highlander. It just would not sit stably no matter how many times hubby and I adjusted it. Had to replace it because it was so frustrating.
I can't give this product a perfect rating. Wished the aux cord was able to make phone calls and the plug doesn't fit tight in my car input.
I was very disappointed in this Otterbox case it was very flimsy and did not conform to my phone after one removal. Don't waste your money plus it did not work with my screen protector.
Did not withstand daily use. The mount kept getting progressively more wobbly until it was unusable. I dissected the main magnetic piece and found the base was secured to the vent gripper by a tiny, extremely fine-threaded screw. The screw had stripped the opening in the base plate of the magnets. After only 4 months of use, I had to throw it away. Disappointed.
Just broke after 2 days
This is a review of the 2 in 1 lightning audio charger. The dongle that you can plug into an iPhone and in turn plug in both a power cord and a headphone jack. The other reviews and questions associated with this listing are for other products--not sure what's up with that... Anyway, I have waited quite a while before reviewing this product hoping that my problems were just my imagination and that it would eventually work. Alas no. The dongle had issues from the get-go--if I plugged both an audio cable and a power cable into my phone at the same time, it would seem to work for a short while and then the iPhone volume would drop to zero. I could move the volume slider back up, but it would then drop back to zero making it impossible to listen to anything. It works fine if I just use either the power cable side or the audio cable side, but not both at the same time. This kinda defeats the purpose of it. Recently it just stopped working altogether and I would have to unplug the audio cable and plug it back in before it would start again. Recommendation? Do not purchase--save your money.
Arrived broken. Return was a pain so after getting overly frustrated just threw them in the trash.
This back drop is not good the picture quality sucks and it looks nothing like the picture above
Wrong product arrived. It appears that someone tampered with prior to shipping and removed ordered item and instead just threw in a used, dirty case.
Plastic spool does not stay seated because the grooves wear down after one use causing it to slip therefore you have to constantly hand feed the line every time it breaks off or it feeds out way too much line.
It's junk. Keep looking. First one I returned. They sent replacement . When I opened the radio appeared to be used and wiring packages were open. So it would appear they sent me someone else's return. It's to late for me to get refund. Company is not one I will do business with again. Wasted some money but live and learn. The install was easy. And that the only thing I can say was positive. Good luck.
Doent work for note 9
Popped off after a gentle drop. First drop.
Great value if they worked...
The package I received had the correct packing but the cover inside was not for Pixel 2 XL. Waste of my time.
Scanner quit working after a couple of months
I guess I am just confused here. Some reviews said it would work and some did not. Your description says they are tested and work but it does nothing. This button does not function and literally does nothing. Is there something I need to change and fix in settings to get this to work?
Stopped working after a month, after the first week 2 ports stopped working. Then slowly over the next 2 weeks the other ports stopped working. Now it's only good for the garbage can.
My screen still broke
Stopped working. Won't recharge. Bought replacement warranty. What's my next step?
I was so excited for this case to come in because it looked so pretty in the pictures. But I received it today and when I took it out of the package, the back of the case was SO SCRATCHED. I believe I received a used case..
Update 09 App 2019 The phone dropped maybe 2 1/2 feet to the ground. The phone screen is fine, but the screen protector just see decided to fall off. And while holding the screen protector, which felt like cheap plastic, I twisted it a bit and it is, somehow, glass. So the original one lasted nearly 10 days. I'm so glad I have a new one waiting at home. Original: This is my third screen protector for my current phone, the first two had broke within a few months previously. I figured with getting two protectors that this was worth the price. Well it wasn't. Pros: there are two protectors Cons: there's no plastic piece to use so the protectors go on straight. The protectors are too thick and loses some response time on useage. There is a very noticeable adhesive square, making the parts outside that square tend to grab only small hairs, particals and other stuff that gets under the screen. The protectors are too short. The wet and dry wipes provided actually created a slight cloudy oil-like film. Bottom line: Give these to someone either as a gag or someone that you hate.
This DOES NOT work for the Google Pixel 2. It will plug in but the phone does not support the accessory.
Ordered the two pack of these cables. At first they were great, shortly after ordering (within a month) the metal piece that goes into the phone snapped off, just by simply unplugging the cable, and the metal piece was stuck in my phone and was difficult to get out. Not satisfied and would not order again.
Please read the instructions that come with this bluetooth. It is written not to use this bluetooth near your credit cards because your information could be picked up by the bluetooth. There is continuous feedback from the bluetooth even if you are not listening to music or talking on it. It is similar to a buzzing sound.
I bought this for my sister and in less than a month it started to brake the silicone. As well my sister dropped her phone and her screen broke, so it's not that great for that.
Did not fit in my pickup !!
Horrible. Felt very cheaply made and did not work with my tape deck. In fact my tape deck could not even read it
My cord stopped working after one week!
Didn't fit I had to return it
I do not like this case because in order for me to take a rear picture that is not a selfie I have to remove the case.. the case is so thick that it makes my rear pictures blurry..so I have 2 remove it alot
All failed at 6 months. Complete trash.
Totally garbage. It broke into 2 parts the second time I used it when I tried to adjust the phone's direction. I checked it carefully, the contact surfaces are smooth, which means it's not really "broken" because the two parts were not a whole thing in the first place. Then how were they connected? I touched the inside of the hole where the connecting point is, it turns out they uses a piece of adhesive paper which is not very adhesive! There's no design allowing you to adjust direction at all. To make it worse, now I am not able to remove it from the vent! I'd give it negative star if I could!
I was very disappointed to see that I lost my Iwatch due to the instability of the band. Luckily there was a Good Samaritan who left it at a lost and found and I was able to recover my watch and see where the band broke only after having used it one time! I am very disappointed due to me absolutely loving the style of the band!!
I only had this case for two weeks and with one drop it came apart and my phone has a crack now in the screen at the bottom right corner. And scratches on the corners....FML
Completely stopped working!!!! Which is a complete waste of money! And I could not return it because it basically stopped working after the end of the return date! Do not buy!!
Falls out easily. Poor sound quality. Bulky charging case. Unless you literally don't care about fit, performance and sound, shop for something else.
Big waste of money. Protector did not seal on the sides well and collect dust underneath. I dropped the phone on carpet once and the whole screen popped off! The adhesive on this protector Is basura! 👎
Giving it one star because you can't give negative stars. I received my item today. Very disappointed with this purchase. My item came broken. The package itself was intact so I will assume it was broken prepackaged.
when I received my package, it was open and nothing was in it. i put that on the status when i requested a new one. I got the new one , but I was still charged for the one I could not return as there was nothing in the package.
Waste of money, i even went to a cell phone store and had them to put it on for me. On top of the phone case, that's very good and expensive. Soon as I dropped my entire screen shattered. Not the protector but my screen shattered under it. Will never again purchase this. I thought the glass screen were bad if you put your phone is a bag wrong with them they break easy but at least your screen is protected.
sound is all treble and they hardly stay in my ears. they only come with one size ear bud plug, and it does not suction very well. I guess you get what you pay for.
I am mot sure if the other reviewers were paid, but this item sticks to nothing in my car, with or without the additional adhesive disk (which is not very adhesive). Design idea is cool, but skip it if you actually want it to work.
Fogs up like water in it
Absolutely a major waste of money. The strap is as thin as ribbon. It's super cheap.
The main point I want to make is that the camera works as expected, unfortunately as soon as summer came along the body could not stand the heat and warped so that it no longer will stay in the mount. I live in southern CA and it isn't really that hot. I think that anyone using this camera in Phoenix would likely have a puddle on their dash after leaving the car closed up all day in the AZ heat. In my humble opinion I would not recommend this as a first choice.
Rubber. Doesn't fit very well. Ears fall off. HUGE case. Wouldn't fit in any pocket.
2 of these are already BROKEN!! I will not order these again
This product killed the battery in my fitbit and in my phone. I had to replace both of them..
I was duped. I didn't pay attention to all the "reviewers" who are "Amazon Customers" (no actual names) and aren't verified purchases. This product is garbage. The only thing that is nice is the packaging. The wet wipe you are supposed to prep your screen with was not wet The product itself sits like a bubble over your screen and only adheres a tiny bit around the edges. The top edge is not adhered and has a space so stuff can get in. Every time you try to touch your screen you have to press the bubble down to make contact to the screen and it clicks. This product is a waste of plastic and time and money. Total garbage. Oh and to top it off, it just pops off with no effort (because it only has a tiny bit of adhesive on it.) Glad it didn't damage my phone while trying to get it to work. I want my money back.
Is not worth the money that you spend on it also OtterBox makes this now they bought LifeProof and OtterBox sucks for the most part
The band is so stiff. It looks good from far away but definitely faux leather like from up close. Not very comfortable. I just end up wearing the band my watch came with.
In 15 days of use it just does not charge anymore .... actually it's killing my battery and I can not charge my phone with the case together. I would like another one in perfect conditions
After having my phone for nearly 2 years now, I have never cracked my phone screen with a screen protector on it until using this phone phone case. I definitely wouldn't recommend this phone case because the lip isn't tall enough nor expands enough over the phone's corners to protect.
These chargers worked for about a month then stopped being compatible with my devices. Waste of money.
I am a Pelican fan and use pelican for lots of sensitive items that require protection. I purchased this for my S9+ and with one drop, flat face down, the screen cracked. If that was enough, I dropped it again and same result. I have had many phones and other cases and NEVER had this occur. I contacted Pelican direct as I am a fan and own numerous Pelican products, hoping there was something they could do for me. They were super fast to say NOPE, did not ask for an explanation and only said we don't know how you dropped it. Again, not sure what I was expecting from them, but, considering their products to be elite in protection, I thought their customer service would be as elite. NOPE
Did not work for iPhone 10, it only let me use it for headphones and wouldn't charge my phone. Very disappointed.
It is not tempered glass it is made out of cheap plastic that doesn't not even stick to the camera.
After 5 minutes the cord got so hot it glowed. While quickly trying to unplug it 2nd degree burns on my fingers. Do not buy this fire hazard!!
Hideous and enormous. Difficult to use. I would return it but it would require more time and effort to do it so I just threw it out and ordered another one.
Both charger blocks burnt out and no longer works only after a week of receiving
Lid mount is bad designed. It looks good until you insert batteries. When batteries are in, this device will be always halve open. USB cable is bad to. Looks like mini-USB is defective. I tried to insert in in my raspberry pi and had problems getting in out. It was just stucked.
Garbage! Crapped out in less than 6 months
Very flimsy. Didn't fit properly. Don't waste your money.
It lasted me less than a year with moderate use. The cable wires began to bend within the cord (after using the Velcro strips to wrap it up after use) which eventually caused it to not work anymore. I bought it because of the stellar reviews it had and I like the length of it but disappointed that it didn't even last a year. I also thought Anker provided lifetime warranties...
Everytime I try to activate my new phone with straight talk they keep telling me my SIM card is invalid. What I received looks nothing like what I ordered.
I absolutely DO NOT recommend this product. I have had this case for less than 3 months and it no longer charges. It can be plugged in all night with the “charging” light on and still have NO juice in the morning. The other issue is the magnetic top. This case is made to allow you to easily get your phone in and out. In theory it's a wonderful idea. In practice the magnet is ridiculously weak and impractical. The smallest bump dislodges it and I've lost count of the number of times my phone has fallen out because of it. It's gotten to the point where I have to keep t close w duck tape. NOT WORTH THE MONEY.
2nd time purchasing and it does not stick. Will not buy again.
I just opened this unit and it will not transmit. I purchased a second mic and the new one would not work either. Can anyone tell me if there is a way to exchange. I spent money on a good unit for a reason. Help
They don't work at all
Brooke way too soon! It was hard to hit the up/ down button. Don't recommend it.
Bought it. It's smaller than the phone it was advertised to fit.
It not good! Too weak
FAKE! Did not come in Apple packaging and, when plugged in, my devices would not recognize them. These cables are USELESS, save yourself some time and money and just get them directly from Apple.
First off I bought this watch and two other for 3 of my kids it took me a little bit to start messing with them and activate the SIM card we'll never could get it too work so my dad tried and then I tried again I spoke to amazon support emailed the company and talked to speed talk who advised me they don't cover my area but when you go on their website it shows where they do so I activated a different SIM card and the company gave me a number that was already in use I don't think that's very safe for children I am so upset because this is the one thing my son has been asking about
This was not in the box
These only work for 3 minutes then my iPhone 7 Plus says it's incompatible, and it stops working. For the 3 minutes it does work, the sound quality is horrible. Lots of static.
DON'T buy it!!!!! I've had 5 for 4 months. Useless if it's more than 3 feet away. Buyer beware.
product does not glue right. The part of the magnet does not hold the cell firmly. The product is very bad, I had to buy another one from another brand after 3 days of use only
Simple installation but The protector did not stick to the screen. The wet towel to clean the screen was dry out of the packet. Will take a loss of $8.99 on this one. The product seemed old.
Item did not include tempered glass screen protector
Worst charger ever. Threw my money away. Did not even last a month. I am very angry.
product did not work with my iPhone 7 plus so disappointed in the product
Truly awful! I have had the screen protector for only a few weeks, and I have used them both. I opted to go with a little more expensive screen protector thinking that I would get a better quality, but instead the top part of his protector peels off within a day of applying and then you spend a couple of weeks trying to put it back in place, before it becomes completely unworkable. Please, take your money somewhere else. You will be at nothing but disappointed in this one.
My phone slipped out of my hand and fell onto the sidewalk. It cracked on both sides of the screen somehow, and the actual screen beneath the protector was significantly damaged. It's sad, I have only owned my iPhone X for 2 months.
This phone case/battery is absolutely worthless... it doesn't have the capacity that it advertises and drains super fast. Takes forever to charge so I don't get it. Save your money
This case looked like it could protect my phone in case I dropped it from the pictures, but when I got it, I didn't feel the same. The lip around the phone was barely covering the edge of the phone and the case felt flimsy.
Did not come with Velcro straps and the charging speed is terrible. It'll take almost an hour and to gain a 10% charge and don't even THINK of using your phone while charging because it will lose power. I'd like to add that I bought these a little over a month ago and all three are completely useless and will not work. What a rip off.
I bought these because they were fairly inexpensive but they hardly even stick and the ring is so stiff that you cannot even hardly maneuver it. After the three ring holders broke I tried the very last one I had and it lasted ONLY A DAY!!
Total Disappointment. The side that is cut out for the key flops over all of the time and it's too thick. Keep looking for a better material or design.
Says bubble free that is false and the sticker on the screen Procter stuck to it when I peeled it off
Broke after a few uses. Made cheap.
Had to replace battery 4 days after I received it
Never received my order
The glass protector definitely interferes with the touch sensitivity. Taken off because it was too hard to type and swipe. Disappointed.
Does not work with iPhone 7
This product worked great for the first few days. Then after that...nothing. Not sure what the issue was. Tried several different ways to plug in the USB chord...still nothing. Fortunately, I found my old charger.
The "Hard" part of the case is extremely loose on one side. The phone does not feel secure at all in this case.
Too many small parts that break easily. If you truly want a waterproof case spend more money on a good one.
Not sure yet, ordered it last Saturday and still haven't received it.
broke within a month. don't buy refurbished
It vibrate when drive car. Make difficult to follow GPS.
Plugged in right to my iPhone and it didn't even register that ear buds were plugged in DONT BUY
First day I got it and the clasp/clip part is already broken. Very disappointed. I don't think I can even return it now.
Read further reveiws, they are for differnet products. They are using reviews that have no relation to this product which doesn't work!!
It doesn't fall into place I believe they were not cut right . Damage
It quit working. Used it 2x and it's now trash.
I need my money back on my cards
This screen protector was too big for my screen. I have an iPhone 7 and decided to replace my old, cracked screen protector. I chose this product because of the curved edges. When I applied the protector, I noticed that the outside edges would not adhere to the phone. When I looked closely, the edges of the glass screen protector just barely hung over the edge of my phone screen all the way around. I had the protector perfectly centered on my screen, but because the screen protector was too big, it wouldn't fully adhere. I decided to try putting my case back on. My case leaves the screen exposed but covers the back and sides of the phone. When I put on my case, because the edges of the screen protector were protruding on all sides, the screen protector was pressed on all sides, leading to the whole thing being forced away from the phone and popping off.
It started out great, but now that I've had it for about a month it's not so great. It doesn't always charge my phone. I have to turn the charger around and around until I find the sweet spot, if I find it at all. I won't be buying this again.
Feel is great, not too heavy, chargers your phone a full bar plus more, and even is not much bigger than a normal phone case. I would have gave this a 5 star rating if the charging port wasn't crap. It messed up in less that a week and only way to charge it is have it sitting a certain way while charging. Now I'm taking the cover off to charge it separate so it doesn't move. Thought about sending it back, but don't want to mess with the hassle. If they can upgrade the port this would be a 5 Star all day
Unacceptable number of bubbles. Sending this back. Looks awful on my brand new watch and makes it hard to read...and press things since it's not flush with the surface. Returning. :-(
You have to really push on your screen in order for the phone to catch your finger. really bubbly on the edges and just looks ugly. I don't recommend it
The image for this pop socket gives the impression that there is some metallic or sparkle to it. There is none. It looks like someone took a photo of a REAL pop socket and mass produced while giving the illusion you are getting the real thing. FAKE.
Didn't work. Piece of junk.
Terrible condition and poor quality. Scratched badly brittle plastic.
It is unsatisfactory especially having had the one made by Apple. I wanted an extra so got this, as the Apple ones for my iPhone is no longer sold by Apple. I would not purchase this one again.
I bought two packages of these. Of the four, only one worked at all, and it failed within about 90 seconds. Don't waste your money on this product.
Horrible customer service from Amazon while trying to set up this phone for my son. I shared my Prime account; however, apparently, it won't work for the teen account. When I called, the customer service rep spoke broken English and could not offer any assistance. Place me on hold and never came back.
Had pen as a back up "just in case." Ended up needing to use it and it did not even make it two weeks and it just snapped in half in my hands while using it. Not happy at all
I measured my arm before ordering and this sleeve did not hold tight against my bicep at all. I am not a super skinny person so I fully expected this sleeve to fit as described. It does not. I did not make it down the street before it sliped down to my elbow.
I am furious!! I bought this product because it had the best ratings! I bought it as a gift for my grandson's 13th BD. It arrived today with the box totally smashed!! How can I gift that? The Amazon package was in perfect shape which means someone packed this lamp already damaged!
The fingerprint reader on this screen protector doesn't work at all, no matter how well you cover it and how hard you press. That was the whole reason I purchased this one specifically, as it claimed to have that feature. Totally worthless.
I ordered this product for my husband's new Apple Watch after reading great reviews of it. The very first day my husband used these, they both cracked. Of course it's better than his screen cracking but what good is paying for something that isn't going to hold up.
Broke in the same week 🙂
Hurts finger. Doesnt turn easily. Wasted money
Side buttons didnt match so it kept shutting my phone off.
They were fine for the short time that they worked. I bought two at the same time, and one died after about four weeks and the other died after about six weeks. They look great but don't last.
item was not bubble free as it claimed
I don't like to do this but I'm joining the chorus of poor feedback. The screen functions really poorly - sticks with adhesive weakly and only to the edges, and dulls the sensitivity both to finger and stylus. I've since purchased a competitor product for about the same price from Amazon which adheres nicely and works just fine!
Worked great the first time I used it. Then the fan stopped working. Tried to return it but the return window was closed.
Very disappointed this case scratched my phone screen don't bother to buy it do not waste your money
This did not work well for me at all. The material is so thin, I don't think it would protect my screen if I dropped the phone. It feels like plastic, but I can't tell for sure. The adhesive is only around the edge. So, the protector moves as I try to touch the screen causing major delay with most of the keys. I had to take it off after 5 days.
Doesn't fit properly on my note 10+
This delivery required a signature and was ultimately returned to sender. I was not able to get a refund or replacement. I have tried through Amazon and the seller to get a refund or replacement and I am not getting anywhere. I hope this one star review will get someone's attention somewhere because this has been a very frustrating experience.
I put this on my phone late last night after watching several videos on how to install a glass screen, as the instructions on the outside of the box were very poor. I followed every step that was recommended to install the protector. It fell off my phone late this afternoon. I would not recommend this product for purchase.
One star because I couldn't not leave 0. This case does not work, when I did the stress test it worked but when I took it in the water, it was not water proof. This at best is water resistant
They last for only a very short time and for no reason - stop working. Waste of money.
Broke in 3 weeks, damaged my bed frame wood, hard to maneuver into place.
these cords are great looking however both broke within two weeks. Now I have two crappy broken pretty but worthless chords. Crap... back to the original short apple charger that has worked beautifully for 2 years!
Does not actually fit the 42mm Apple 3 watch at all. Most of screen is still showing. Would not recommend this product and suggest waiting till someone comes out with one that actually will fit this model.
They all stopped working within a month... One after the other smh waste of my money
Does not work with a Samsung galaxy S7.
Works well until 6 months in. Need to plug it in multiple times to finally get the phone to charge. Everyone else are reviewing the product without testing the durability. Don't expect it to last longer than 6 months. To prove my point, I kept 2 and gave 2 to my fiance and she is now experiencing the same issue so I am not the only person experiencing this problem. Invest into better usbs that will last longer. That in itself will save you more money.
The charging is soo slow it almost doesn't happen. If the IPad is dying, you can't charge it with this cord and continue working or watching a video- iPad's battery continues getting low on charge. I was looking for a charging cord specifically for the iPad, because it needs a bigger block, imagine my disappointment.
It rained on my bike ride and now only the light works. No radio no bluetooth. 20 days old.
Does not fit the 6 s iPhone 🙄
Horrible item. Received it today and item does not work. Charging port does not work and the headphone slot states item not supported by iphone.
Mr. Shield got it wrong ! The dimensions are incorrect for the Zenfone 4 - I should know - I just purchased 2.
They work at first but after a few weeks they don't charge or/and charge very very very slow, spend your money else where or might as well get the original one instead of these crappy cables.
I had purchased the same exact product before. The product they sent me this time is not the same. The red aligning device they include for aligning the screen protector is different from before. It is really not useful as the screen protector is smaller than the aligning device. This was not the case before. I am not sure if things have changed within the year or if something was wrong with the product that was shipped.
Cannot get phone in and out even while walking. It's just a band that wraps around the arm. I could achieve the same result with an Ace bandage.
Broke within a week.
I thought this would be a good protection for my phone according to many good review. but not. I got so disappointed. the glass crack so easy when i just put the phone to my pocket. this is nothing, dont care if is a little crack. But the big thing is that the finger print thing and it prevent me from touching the phone. You will loose your fingerprint function, and is ugly, there is sticky glue on the screen when attach your protector to your screen. this product is horrible. dont waste your money on this.
Battery made no difference in my phones battery life. The most usage I got at one time would be five minutes at the most. Do not buy
It dint fit my car's GPS screen. It's broken as soon as the sticker being pealed off!!
Screen still cracked when I dropped phone.
Very cheaply made. Stopped charging within a month and a half because the charging port is too loose. I didn't get to use these very often but I could tell the fact the ear buds were so hard to pull out, the wires would not last long either. Save yourself the hassle of these and buy a better pair which are more durable.
This is the biggest P.O.S. screen protector I have ever come into contact with. First of all the directions are difficult to follow. Secondly, the screen protector doesn't even fit the screen, it doesn't stick to the curved part. It just lays flat on the screen the sides sticking out, like how a piece of cardboard would sit on top of a pillow. I bought the two pack for twice the frustration. The first screen protector ripped during installation, I was almost done installing it and was removing the last sticker, the film was only serrated where it should have been cut, so when it should have cleanly seperated from the film it ripped it instead. My second attempt didn't even get as far as the first. When I layed the film down on the screen there were so many bubbles I was unable to save it. This is just a terrible design overall. Don't buy it.
It broke the first day I put it on and it only would stick for 2 days
This is not what I ordered! I ordered a 6 plus and got a 6! The item looks like it went to hell and back!
I would love to write a Review for this product but unfortunately all I received was a sealed empty envelope!
Two of the cords stopped working within the first week, one of them on the first day. The 3rd cord lasted about week. These were used in my house and the phone was not being used while it was charging. Terrible product.
Couldn't hear half the time . It didnt sit on my ear very well either.
When the screen protector is on the phone and when I make calls the screen is black. When I take it off it is normal. I sure don't know why this is so, but I do not like what it does to my phone. I have an email into customer service to see why this is happening. It should work if it's recommended for these Jitterbug phones. I have spent all afternoon trying to resolve this and I am feeling very angry toward this whole wasted afternoon.
Don't waste your time it's just poor quality bluetooth like other cheap ones without any of the features listed! SCAM!
Extremely poor quality screen and tools. The screen lost all HD looking. Pixelated. Not recommended at all
It doesn't fit the screen, the edges don't stick to the screen
This is terrible quality.... Very disappointed
here we go !!!! I did not get what I ordered , I got a wallet not a clutch ... no chain , not 22 inches long but an 7 inch wallet ... but the wallet is cute is well made , but I paid for a clutch... hope to see this problem resolved soon Thank you . A.C.
This was not a good product. Very difficult to install. I got so frustrated I ordered another one from a different company
Amp does rated power but only used it for a day. Amp would get extremely hot and shut off. Would not recommend
Was not unlocked, touchscreen did not work, was poorly boxed. Turned it on and it locked up and would not respond at all. RETURNED!
I wouldn't know never Receive it
This was a extremely cheap deck so obviously I wasn't expecting high quality but the one I got doesn't even power on (yes I know how to install) not even worth the hassle to return it but I am pretty disappointed
The slot where the SIM card should be inserted does not hold the SIM card it will not keep the card inside the device. I have reached out to support and you can't call anyone you have to email the issues with this device. I was told that so many people who bought this device have had the same issues. Please don't buy this device!!!!
This case looks like it was glued together by a child. Very low quality. The inside of the case looks used . Super disappointed.
The phone broke it's this case not helpful
could not get it to work with my firestick amd older TV
Volume would either get so low you couldn't hear it or left side would quit completely. Also, mic and volume control is heavy and cause right ear piece to pull out.
Stoped working after two months.
I bought this because it was cheap. But I wouldnt have paid even half that price if I could go back. Difficult and kind of strange operation.
You're supposed to peel off a cover sheet when done, but the cover sheet peels the entire screen protector off. Doesn't stick at all. Maybe if it was wider and stuck under the edge of the screen protector it wouldn't peel up at the edges.
The product was not compatible with multiple phone cases. It would lift up at the edge because it didn't fit within the parameters of the case
Product is yellowing eve though the discretion said it would not. slips off my phone at least twice a day
I wanted to love this case because it matches my phone perfectly& it's great in how it protects the phone but after having it for less than a month it has started to turn black all around. I have to keep my phone in my pocket because of work and I've limited how much I kept it in my pocket because of fear of it turning but it doesn't matter it turns so quickly and looks so dirty. I've tried cleaning it and nothing it just keeps getting worse. I'm really unhappy and disappointed. I don't recommend getting this case at least in this color since it's so light
I can't talk on speaker mode, or on faceTime with this case! It covers up my iPhone Speaker. Other party can't hear me.
I just got it but still doesn't Same working .
I bought these three months ago and they are all broken already. One by one they would stop working after a few weeks of use. One of them only worked for a few days. Terrible, will not buy again. I ended up buying the Amazonbasics ones that have been approved by apple, and those are more expensive but I have not had a single problem with them.
Do not buy these. I used both protectors and they have little adhesive and it always lifts from the top left and right corners of the protectors.
Almost every silver collar fell off the end of these, and 3 out of the pack stopped working after about 1 month. Cheap for the quantity of cables, but very cheaply made.
Have bought these headsets twice and always have the same problem after some time they do not hold a charge or can't be charged anymore.
Left side stopped working after 2 weeks.
Product came in, charged up quickly and works as advertised. On the second day of having it on my phone, it got to 19% refused to charge so I let it deplete completely and now it still won't charge but is at 0%. I bought a new one instead of a refurbished one specifically to avoid this.
Followed directions exactly. Wouldn't seat on corner and bottom completely making touch screen more of a push hard screen. Took off of first protector and tried again with second one. The second one chipped and cracked within 24 hours. They did come in a nice, sturdy wooden box.
They simply don't sound good. Bought a pair alot cheaper much better
After three days, it broke. It slipped out of my hands on accident, when I was at a restaurant, trying to pull the card out to pay.
I never received my package.
Does not fit Moto G5S + at all!! Awaiting refund
It was alright but not the best from other ones. I received a 2 pack and put both on for someone else and me but both edges did not stick well, meaning it had air bubbles. I almost feel like it doesnt even match the top holes with the bottom holes either. I've tried alot of these different glass protectors and put on many but this is the first time i struggled and had a problem with air bubbles.
Do not buy refurbished products. This phone worked fine until just after the product return period. Then the keys stopped working correctly. It was a complete waste of $120, which took my son over a year to earn so he could buy his own phone.
Buyer beware! Terrible. Look great but the third time I plugged my phone into the 10ft cord the charge tip came off and got stuck in my phone and I had a hard time getting it out. I would say all previous reviews are bogus.
It broke after 2 months
I was questioning the fabric used for the case as there are some cases that use really rough material and that's not the case here, pun not intended. It's very slim, low profile, something that I was looking as the phone is already big. All the cutouts for the mic, speaker, charging port, and specifically the front pop out camera are exact. This case is screen protector friendly. This is just an initial review but so far so good. I'm wondering how the cloth material will hold long term but for now it's better than what Oneplus is shipping with its phones. **UPDATE** I've been meaning to update this for quite sometime. So the fabric started to peel off shortly after my initial review. Then it full detached. I would put it back but it would come off every so often. Adhesive is sticky so I'm not sure why it came off but it's off completely. Be mindful when buying this case.
I am doing everything I can to get my money back from this seller. This phone simply cannot connect a phone call. Service is ok, my wife's phone works, my previous phone was ok. All of the sudden even with multiple bars of service nobody on the other end can hear me every call is dropped. Persistent failure to function for a month after making sure that the area towers are ok, etc....should have just bought a new phone. this is not a review for their willingness to respect the warranty just the phone
Doesnt fit properly on my iPhone 4.
both of them broke a month later
Two of the three charging cords died within a month of receiveing.
Bubbles under screen. Edges make it impossible to smooth out. Adhesive doesn't grab screen flush like other protectors I've used. Waste of money, coming off and need to order another that won't look messy on my Apple Watch.
The buttons became non-functional once the panel is on.
Could not get the case apart to even get the phone in it. Geez!!!
Don't buy this product it doesn't work
This product lasted me 1 week then stopped working.
Cracked then shattered within a week. This was my second purchase this item the first lasted longer, but also shattered on impact from a short drop. Also, inhibits touch screen capability.
its a peace of crap the case is soft rubber not hard plastic the screen protector is a thin plastic the holes for the front camera and speaker don't line up don't waste you money
DOES NOT FULLY COVER SCREEN AND EDGES CONTANTLY CATCHED LINT AND HAIRS. AND THE GLARE IS HORRIBLE. ORDERING SOMETHING ELSE. NO CUTOUT FOR THE CAMERA AND BOTTOM LEFT CORNER OF THE TOUCH SCREEN HAS A HARD TIME WORKING WITH THIS PROTECTOR ON IT.
Does not adhere to phone. Dropped phone and screen protector fell off and broke.
Very poor all stop working in weeks and I mean All
Tried 5 times in 2 different vehicles with zero success. Don't buy this junk.
Received it today, opened the packaging and found that the screen protector has 2 cracks in it! I always buy from Zagg but i figured i would go through someone less expensive because of all the great reviews. Guess i should have gone with my gut!!
Sound quality is lacking, at times there is a lot of static or a high pitch ringing in the background over whatever I am trying to listen to. Also the volume intensity is strange, the lowest notch still results in fairly loud music out of the earphones. This was not a problem without the adapter. Additionally, the volume controls on the earphones themselves (standard apple earphones) is not compatible and can not be used with the adapter to control volume.
If I could give this 0 stars I would. Putting the protector on was difficult and it didn't stay at all. Tried the second one, same thing.
Not good, earphones constantly went out and back on ALSO after 5 charges the case would no longer charge the earphones AND YES I HAD IT PLUGGED IN but still it wouldnt charge anymore,
cheap quality. item arrived with a side of earphone not working. Returned next day but charged with $5 shipping fee. Not recommended.
I paid an extra fifty dollars for the CDMA unlocked version and still got sent a GSM model. Amazing!
Doesn't work at all.
Had to remove it else the case wouldn't get applied.
A piece of rubber to wrap around your phone and a decorative plastic to slap on the back..Prime shipping got it to me in less than a day and a half though!
Ugly. The case isn't even pink it's more of an orange tone. And it fits but doesn't fit well feels like if it falls the front would crack. And the side lock button needs to pressed really hard for it to lock my phone.
It did not fit perfectly to the LG Phoenix. It is smaller than the phone screen. I could not get rid of the bubbles. I dropped the phone and the screen cracked from the top creating cracked lines. Luckily had another one and I replaced it.
First one I bought started giving me issues, music would stop playing, charge to my phone would not go through it lasted two weeks so I requested a new one & received that one right away thankfully but a month down the road it breaks, the piece that connects to the iPhone on the bottom started becoming loose & does not function now at all, I give the durability a one star really because I can't just leave it blank but this probably deserves two negative stars lols
The ring broke and my phone fell and cracked the screen. Not well made.
I would not buy this screen protector again. it went on easy but get dirty very easily with smudges and fingerprints. it did not stay on my phone long. I have had to use both protectors provided and am needing to order another one in less then a month.
Always going off line
My husband and I had our iPad pros in Otterbox cases for 2 yrs with no issues. I bought these for us for Christmas and within a month BOTH iPads have cracked screens thanks to this case. It doesn't protect whatsoever, for an iPad to drop on low pile carpet and crack in this case is unbelievable to me. DO NOT BUY THESE CASES, it will end up costing you in the long run.
Got these headphones for a replacement the original ones that came with my Samsung. The left side doesn't work! It's a waste of money! Go buy something else.
After a full charge I turned on my phone and the battery would shut off my phone. This happened several more times and I even tried to recharge the battery again to no avail. I put my old battery back in and my phone worked fine. The batteries are the same however the new one I ordered just did not work. Bad battery.
Never worked well, and now I can not return it.
Got off to a bad start having to order this case three times for it to finally arrive (other two attempts took more than a week and had to be cancelled which was a hassle). I kept ordering because I wanted this case to work for me but in the end the magnet was too weak, too much bulk, and the shock absorber nubs did not feel good to me. All and all the worst case I have tried, yet the most expensive. I would not have kept this case if it was Half the price. If you are wondering, pitaka no longer ships a screen protector with their cases so add that to the price.
one of the rear cameras has developed dark spot, less than a year old. no way as of right now to purchase new camera to replace it and the tech support wants the phone mailed in to see what i did to it no warranty, even though still in warranty period. i offered to purchase new camera directly from them but they still want the phone sent in at my cost. as if i can physically damage pixels inside a camera that is not physically ripped apart not worth buying this phone very cheaply made and super battery life is normal at best. the honor 6x that my wife has is alot better of a phone, for less money
Don't Wast your Money
Horrible very cheaply made product and
Horrible, stop working in 3 weeks
Buttons aren't hard ones. Poor quality. I've been using this brand since iPhone 7 Plus but for the XS Max really dissapointed me, I've been using it less than 15 days and have some paint scratches already without even dropping the phone.
I fully charge this case overnight for the first time. In the morning i put the case on and it uses slow charging and only charges my phone at most half way. Terrible charging case. Never buy
Unfortunately I misunderstood the term "Low Profile". I expected a low profile fuse head but the blades are very short compared to a standard mini blade fuse. I don't believe they will stay in place inside the fuse panel of my Class 8 heavy truck during long haul travel.
Don't put this product. The front face is incorrect size, and no matter how you place it will cover at least a little of the screen. Also from immediate use, the phone can't seem to pick up some touches on the edge with the protector on.
I was not happy with this, just didn't seem like it lines up with the plug ins
Didn't take much time before they started cracking seemingly on their own. "Lifetime Warranty" is BS. No response from seller.
Didn't work on PC or S8+. Seems like junk. I don't think I can return it since I lost the packaging.
It was a very cute case but the case was too small I have the Xs Max not the smaller version
neither one worked as it should. threw both in trash, not worth returning.
It's well made, sturdy and all that, but all you have to do is brake slightly more vigorously than usual ... slightly, mind ... and it flies off the dash with your phone and loses itself until you pull over and rummage around on the floorboards to find it.
It is actually not the size they say it is.
Protects the phone for drops but the buttons on the case falls out pretty fast. had two of these cases and both cases the button falls out. Reported to Case-mate and they are aware of the 'defect' but will not replace as it's due to wear (after 5 months of use.)
This is a good product, however, we have now had two pairs that stop working soon after using them. The first pair lasted a couple of months and the second replacement pair last only two weeks. I purchased these as a Christmas gift for my son to use while running on the treadmill and working out at the gym. I am disappointed in these especially since the replacement pair only lasted two weeks. The company will replace them, however, if the product is defective than it doesn't matter. I am out the money and my son doesn't have any thing to use while working out. I will have to research and see what I can replace them with. I would not recommend this product.
It doesn't stick and leaves a gap between my phone screen and the screen protector. Don't buy it.
Unfortunately sent it back because one of the two cords was not working..
was really excited for the possibilities with magnetic charging cables but two of the cables are completely dead within a day - less than 6 hours of usage on one and less than 10 hours usage on the other. I haven't tested the third cable yet today but it doesn't really matter, i already know this was a waste of money.
This is my second glass protector for my navigation Screen. they both cracked upon installation extremely fragile
one of them broke the first time i used it, i hope same doesnt happen to the second one, also the sound is not as good.
This product is horrible, 1 it was a day late on the shipping, and 2 it does not work at all. 3 the hdmi end that goes into the TV gets really hot. What ever you do don't buy this cord
Worked for a month, and now fail to turn on. The earphones are fully charged, as its light is blue upon plugged to the USB port. However, once you unplug it, and press the power on button, nothing happens. Have tried to restart (hold power button and volume) and nothing. Before that it was breaking up a bit. I guess I got a lemon.
Was loving this phone ring and it started out really stiff and perfect. All of a sudden it now spins all around, it won't hold my phone up on the vent when driving, it won't hold up the phone when using it to watch something. The sticky part is extremely strong, I cannot take it off and replace it with the second ring that comes with it. I need to buy a new case just because of this ring.
This phone case does not fit an IPhone 7. The case covers the camera and also you can't easily access the silent button.
Product didnt arrive on time
I did like that it fit really well on the watch face. However, it shattered the second I removed it to clean the watch face.
It doesn't stick well to the phone. It came right off after installing. I do not recommend any one buying this item
Cable stop working in less than a year. Waiting for seller to respond.
I would not purchase anything from Theo and Cleo . I canceled an order twice but they sent it anyhow and continue to jerk me around via email instead of issuing a refund
The back broke after 1 fall
Poor quality. Both ear buds will not pair or if they do one of them always disconnects. Very annoying.
Ordered twice. Received wrong case both times.
These cords worked great for a few weeks and then gave out and no longer charged my phone. Would not recommend
My first pair broke while my phone was in my pocket - I can take the blame for that. But most importantly my iPhone (8 Plus) analyzed the adapter and concluded it wasn't compatible with the phone which makes it completely useless.
Easy to set up, but constant clicking and short battery life (about an hour) was not acceptable. I returned them.
I tried it with several earphones. it either doesn't work at or cuts in and out.
Started peeling after about 3 weeks. Would not recommend.
Not worth buying. Very poorly designed.
Speakers and Speakerphone alike, are muffled. For quality
My first one came broke and the second on broke with in the first week!! DO NOT BUY THIS!!!
Cracked in corner after a few days. Will not stay on my phone witch caused scratches on my phone because phone fell out of cover.
Product never received.
Not what expected. It will be getting returned. Its basically piece of paper glued on back as design. The back part for the camera gets blocked so when you take a photo it's not clear because part of the case is covering that part.
They would work for maybe two minutes and then are not supported.
Did not fit my phone
This watch is very slow in charging and doesn't take long for the battery to run dry. I think I wasted my money on it.
Does not fit the phone. Slides right off...not sticky at all. Previous reviews stated it was awesome but clearly a lie since they are now gone and the product is no longer available. Attempting a return.
These headphones worked great for a month or so then I started a regular workout when the Bluetooth connection became very splotchy. I disconnected and tried reconnecting the Bluetooth but the headphones wouldn't connect. I have a new phone that hasn't had problems with Bluetooth and I did read that people had similar experiences as this so I'm not sure what's wrong with the headphones but they don't work well.
This is a fake and will scratch your phone
It wouldn't stay on my phone screen long enough to judge whether or not it was a good protector. It was popping off within a week.
All three of these cords are broken after 6 months
I don't understand why it has so many positive reviews. It did not work the moment i opened the package and plugged it into my iphone. My phone didn't even recognize it and i tried other phones, none worked.
Do not waste you money on these. The thickness makes it difficult for touchscreen to work and they do not stay on. The first on fell off and was lost with in 2 days the second one is constantly popping off.
I don't like those all of them is a garbage phone
It doesn't stick to the screen
I am not happy with this product at all they don't work when using them for call purposes the other person on the other end cannot hear or understand me. it sounds like a robot is talking. This is one of the worst products I have bought on Amazon ever.
The magnetic part worked - nothing else did. Would not stick to anything.
Stop working after only a couple hours of use.
I like the privacy effect. However when my phone fell in my car the screen protector cracked. Unfortunately I have to order another screen protector.
Not very protective.
This product is slim & fits well. However after a month and a half the case doesn't fit my phone correctly & I'm not sure it'll protect my phone if I drop it.
Verify you receive the correct size. I've been mailed the incorrect size twice. Seller was no help, and neither was amazon. Pointed finger at each other... Buying somewhere else to get correct size.
Mine was dead on arrival. There are no instructions. I contacted amazon and they didn't have anything either. I think the other reviews on here are fake.
I should have read other reviews before purchasing! Received my new case today and it broke while putting on my phone. I'm sending it back and searching for something more sturdy.
I see everyone's ratings and reviews are not bad for this product. So maybe I was unlucky and got the one defective one out of a million. But mine will not charge, it keeps disconnecting and reconnecting.
I got this phone for my elderly mom. I had metro pcs, it did not work with it, so I changed it to T Mobile , the same thing. It does not work all the time. when you look at the phone it may show t-mobile which is good or it may say 'no sim card'. so you never know when it works, the problem is that it may not work when she needs it the most. other problems are inserting the sim card, after couple of times, it does not stay in place, now I can not even insert the card and keep it there. other issues are typing names in contacts, it inserts words as soon as you press a key, spent hours with no luck, so if you press "m", it will give you mary, mile, man,.......... and so on. I could not disable that stupid feature, so unreliable signal and poor features, makes this phone a junk.
Poor quality, very cheap looking. Returned the item.
I plug the product in, music plays through headphones for 4 seconds then just starts playing out of the phone speakers. I bought 2 and both do this.
Not very happy hard to hear from my 85 year old father. Would not recommend. It was pass return time so had to keep and buy something else and
It seems to be almost impossible to find a decent S8 screen protector, and this item is no exception. They send it in nice packaging, but there is no way they don't know that they are selling garbage. The screen protector has a thin layer of adhesive solely around the edges, and you have to aggressively click on apps to open them.
What a huge piece of crap. Failing apart upon opening the box, and the package arrived in perfect condition. It'll worm for maybe 30 seconds and then stop.
It looks great and was easy to apply, but once it was on the touch screen was useless. There was lag from when I tap my screen to when my phone reacts. There wasn't any reaction when tapping around the edges of my phone. I removed shortly and now waiting to get a refund.
The watch screen doesn't register the touch after you install this. Huge waste of money.
Slow to Start ( if at all ). Had it for a week. Only started 3 times. Bought something Bigger and Better. Like the old saying goes, You get what you Pay for. Spend a few more bucks. Get what your looking for..
Ok so I've been getting this screen protector for my note 8 and it breaks almost immediately when I drop my phone but so far so good. My phone screen is still in tact but, I bought this one 2 months ago just to keep on hand and I opened it today to replace my other one and its cracked! I can't believe it!
This product did not last long. I have to order another one. Very Disappointed.
I installed this case to protect my s10. One slip out of my pocket while sitting down and the back of my phone cracked.
Broke after a few months. Cord atoms connecting consistently and will only charge in certain positions. Just enough time not to be able to return it.
When I got my charger I plugged it it to my phone and it immediately it broke. The top part fell off of the cable. Very disappointed
the product is randomly calling my contacts without me touching the phone and is blacking out. this is a big scam do not buy you will be very disappointed
Only had it a couple days and it's already ripped, cheap material
This is not a good product. It worked ok for a few month and then slowed down (would take a very long time to charge). Now it is completely useless. Waste of money.
Not impressed. Back flap clip broke off.
Junk I don't know why case made insists on making these waterfalls they're defective always bubble shows up with him sometimes 24 hours for no reason never drop the phone nothing just shows up out of nowhere I have purchased many waterfalls I don't even have the Moran T anymore because they are nasty about it when they're the ones who are selling defective money grab the cases at this point I've thrown out many sometimes just after 24 hours of use stay away from the waterfalls And also stay away from their new platform design too tight and it possible to take off the phone at this point the only case from casemate I can recommend would be the brilliance
Don't waste your money or your time! Just got these, charged them and followed the directions. First they wouldn't connect then they stopped working all together! I'm just going to pay extra for some more reputable brand Bluetooth headphones
This item is not tempered glass like the box says. it's one of those rubbery silicon sheets. the sides of the phone was already peeling off after a few hours of installing it. False advertising that it is 9H hardened tempered glass.
I ordered this specific case because I did NOT want the thumbprint scanner. This picture AND description state that the thumbprint is not useable, that the thumbprint is covered by the case. The case that I got IS NOT the case in the picture or the case described.
While I love the concept and previous generations from the same makers, the USB c ones fall apart to easily. I've had four different ones where the magnets fall off rendering it useless
Bluetooth turns off all the time. Won't pair with my car. It did once now it won't.
It's a good case . However it says iPhone 8 with otter box fits in it. ! I could barley get my phone with otter box in it. It's way to tight and hard to get the phone out once it's in
Very cheap, did not meet my expectation at all. The sticker to put on the inside of the screen for the finger print reader was difficult and did made it hard to detect my print. The plastic was horrible. Wish I could get my money back. I hate going through the trouble of returning things.
Cracked after 2 days being on my phone
Very slow Not as expected for the price I know I must not expect much but it doesn't even go with the least expected
This came broken in the package and now they don't sell them how convenient.
Just received the phone. There is a nic in the screen and the phone is registered to another person. I regret purchasing it already.
The cord itself is very sturdy, but the actual phone adapter piece snaps easily. This leads to a dead connection to the phone, I have lost all cords in less than a month because of this.
I buy the product for iPhone 8 plus and supost to be for my iPhone but it's to small.
Watch charger DOA. iPhone charger worked for 2 weeks now dead. Very difficult to place phone on tooth-like ledge for charging. Avoid this thing at all costs. Waste of money!
Does not work. The adhesive around the edges does not stay. Air bubbles make this product useless
Thanks for sending the wrong size when I needed it most.
This screen was initially dark with many lines on it. After trying to re-adjust the connections to the motherboard the screen is not totally black and doesn't work. WASTE OF MONEY. spend the extra dollars on a better screen. This would be my 4th time replacing a screen and the first time the screen i bought DOESN'T WORK.
I was very annoyed when this case broke on me. My phone came tumbling out at the gym and my phone cracked with it... just suck it up and buy in store.
does not work for toyota camry. plus the grip is too tight, will not work in a one handed operation to release or place the phone. shakes way too much while driving.
got hot on wireless charger
I got a case for my iPhone 7 Plus, and it doesn't fit!. Its just too tight and kind of stiff, so if it wasn't designed really well, then it wouldn't work. USELESS.
Absolute garbage. Such a pain in the butt to install.
I bought this for skiing but needed surgery and never opened it. After a few months I opened it and it didn't work. I tried contacting the seller for a refund and they never answered. Buyer beware.
It says it's for my Google pixel XL it does not fit it was too big.
I received an email to leave a review on the product just a little bit ago, I have to say I do not care for this case. When I received it right out the box the screen protector was broken and the case is very difficult to install and remove. All around it feels like a cheap product.
Defective. Sent back.
Attempted to use as picture storage but the files were becoming corrupted after only a few days. Not mentioned on any other reviews but the data transfer rate is pathetic, MBPS got to be in the single digit range. Do not throw your money away.
My last phone last em 4 years without a scratch, so I am very good at taking care of my stuff. This Cover plastic material will brake between the firsts weeks. It comes without screen protector so if it fells your phone will brake.
Not touch sensitive at all. Taking it off.
It takes over 12 hours to charge, but does npt fully charge my phone. It is EXTREMELY difficult to remove from your phone. I will be returning this ASAP. DO NOT RECOMMEND
I ordered a C type charger and they sent me totally wrong one. They sent an I phone charger, lame
Bought two neither one lasted. Cheap!
It did not fit the iPhone X properly. I love Otterboxes - but this felt like my phone could easily slip out at anytime.
This item after one day of use had rhinestones fall out where the case folds ... that area became sharp and poked and and ripped my jeans ... if the stones fall out it is definitely a lethal weapon ... ruined my fav jeans - i should of returned it but i was so upset i through it away at my dentist office for ripping my jeans
Worked 5 of 20 days. Vodafone had no idea what was wrong. Worst prod I've ever bought. Vodafone should be ashamed. Should give them -10.
This product did not last long after 30days just popped off the phone. The product did not fit cover entire screen.
Very faded did not look like my daughters popsocket at all. Looks cheaply made!
All 3 quit working within the week, was a waste of money for sure.
Does not fit a pixel 3 too narrow.
Product does not work on iPhone 7 (or at least not on mine).
it broke ! I do not hard anything
Right earbud stopped working after a few weeks. They dont last long so I asked for a refund.
Only the ring is included. The magnet holder is not.
Looks absolutely nothing like the picture. The one I got is pretty much just green no camo at all but it's too late to order a new one before Christmas cuz this one was already late.
Total piece of crap; stopped working after about two weeks of use. Spend the additional money to buy a mophie or other charging case that isn't garbage.
DEADLY DESIGN! Purchased these to put on my dogs collar because she escapes our yard sometimes and I want to be able to find her fast. Had this chewed open in a few days time. Button batteries are deadly to children and pets! Do not take the chance with your loved ones! DO NOT BUY!
Does not work for you iPhone I have the 8plus and my music played out loud
Does not stick to the phone! If it even works at all, it won't stick to the phone so there is no point. All the adhesive stays on the card it comes on.
Was way to small ordered a 2xl and it barely fit a large
Box is labeled for samsung 10+ note Does not fit and holes are cut on the wrong sides
AVOID! Adds static background sound to music playing on new iPhone XR. Tried three different sets of earbuds & headphones - all had same static sound. Exchanged for another one thinking it may have been defective - same static sound on second one.
I did not receive this item. It was not left left in a parcel locker as indicated in the delivery status
Screen cover makes it impossible to use touch screen. Waste of money
This is for an s10 not s10e
Junk..had for 1 month and the magnet has already fell out of magnetic closure. Don't waste your money!
Did not stay together, my phone slipped out of my hand the case fell apart and my phone cracked on the back. Not scratched but cracked. Not happy at all.
Wrong battery. Ordered this specifically for my LG G4 and this is definitely not the right battery. Much too big to fit in the case, wrong model number. Avoid this at all costs.
These are garbage. You cannot fit the end of the cord that plugs into your phone for enough for it stay attached to your phone. Very, very frustrated and disappointed
Broke as soon as i pulled the phone. I do not recommend..
I followed the instructions in the package and researched online how to charge and power on the headphones. I charged them overnight but the charging light never turned from red to blue. I wasn't able to turn the power on. I read another review that said the same thing occurred. So now I have to return them. Very frustrating.
It got very hot every time I used it. On the fifth day I had it the charger stopped working. It is totally dead now. I will be returning it.
One caused static and the other made only one ear work
Didn't pair to my iphone
This screen protector DOES NOT fit at all. The edges are lifted up and it pops right off. Absolutely horrible!!! Don't waste your money or time on this item.
After thorough review of many phone chargers that work wirelessly in the car iPhone I chose this unit for its design and number of good reviews. For the first couple weeks the unit worked flawlessly and predictably. However over the last couple days for some unknown reason the unit has stopped functioning. The clamping arms will not release with the button and more importantly the charging (Wireless) is no longer functioning regardless of several attempts to reinstall and reconfigure phone position including removing from case. I'm attempting to get a replacement that will hopefully last longer- I will update the review at that later time.
It charged once but didn't work with phone. The package didn't come with return info. Complete waste of money. Very disappointed.
I did not get the color I ordered. Also when the case was put on the phone I was unable to use my side keys
Not that well built. The pins on mine came with a different size on both straps so I could fit one of them but not the other, meaning I was left with a watch that I can not wear.
Ordered a month ago already broke and outside the return window
Not happy with quality or usability. Bought two sets - one for wife and one for me. On one pair, the port on the earbud where you insert charging cord broke (came off) when I was removing the cord after the very first charge. That didn't happen on the other pair but I found them to be very difficult to pair - connected to my phone ok but it was hard to pair them together so that sound came out of both buds at the same time. Also, had to go online to find instructions to do this as the instructions included in the box were full of typos and impossible to follow. Wish I would have listened to the many poor reviews before buying them.
My box arrived empty!!!!! How is that even possible??? I will never buy from this company again
This would have been an awesome product if it worked! But it would stop working every min or so. Then I had to unplug and plug back in. It was a bit annoying. I wished it had worked!
Terrible case. The corners fell apart easily.
Horrible!!! These cords quit working after a month. They also messed up my iPhone battery. Also, what's with the noodle picture now???
I have only had it 2 weeks and it fell apart. The top came off with the watch face in it. Luckily a co worker found it.
Keeps disconnecting during movies.
Absolutely awful. To begin with, one of the screens came BENT and wouldn't apply correctly to the screen because of it. The instructions show a three step wiping process but the kit only came with two types of wipes. This screen protector is not case friendly. It keeps coming up with my otter box case no matter how many times I try to put it on.
Not pleased with this product. The cord is kept mostly in a book bag and used periodically. Purchased 2 months back and the line is already experiencing shorts. Cannot get the company to respond to my emails. Disappointed.
This wouldn't stay down on the curved edges making it to where the touch screen wouldn't work correctly. Dissatisfied
Didnt come with all the tools. Also didnt come with instructions. They just tell you to watch a video on YouTube to figure it out. And not one video I watched even used the piano wires. Nit impressed
Bought this to use for DVD player on road trips and doesn't work!!! Should have know something was going to happen with the price so in expensive!! Will be purchasing one to last now!! The seller didn't even respond when I submitted for a refund/return.
Just buy the name brand ones. Waste of money. Only worked for a couple weeks
Bought the phone holders or myself for hands free use of phone. Broken from box. They do not accept returns! 🥺 Forced to give it one star. It should be a zero.
Installed this at our home a few months ago and an AT&T Maintenance Engineer came to our house today and told us we must remove it because it is NOT FCC Compliant and is transmitting a signal it is not supposed to.
The phone came defective
The gel type cover is to sticky. It makes it very difficult to slide in or out of the holster.
I was hoping the 2 Meters cable wasn't too fragile, I bought the pack and only was using on the bed for charging. In few months the cable was already broken. Very bad quality =(.
Product was suede leather which I did not expect and did not like.
DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT! WASTE OF MONEY!
Does NOT fully cover my phone.. it is short on all sides. I will be returning this.
Poor performer. Lesser Plantronics models much better. Poor design and operation.
None of the chargers worked straight out of the box.
Someone rear ended me and instead of recording like it should off it shut off and wouldn't even playback the prior recording. It works great when you don't need it though!
Cracked easily and fell off the phone.
Hi, I am sorry to say but it doesn't fit so I had to return it.
Broke within tbe first week.
I ordered these new and the showed clearly being used. There was seal around the package only a rubber band. The box was dirty on the inside. The right earbud was also cracked and broken. Worthless.
Can't rate this product as I never received it, so my rating is for the seller. Had to beg for a refund on an item I never received. Thank goodness for Amazon's A to Z Guarantee.
Do not purchase this Heater!! I plugged it up in my cigarette lighter in my car and it came on for 10 minutes, then blow out my fuse in the car and stop working! I'm sending it back.
I thought is was cute
This battery is not worth it. Bought it July last year. It stopped working recently. I expected it to last for more than a year. Maybe even 2. It is heavy, recharging it takes almost a day. There are better power banks out there.
Boy oh boy was this screen protector terrible!!! Doesn't stick at all! I really want my money back. Not to mention it doesn't even provide privacy.
This thing is a piece of junk. I've only had it a month and it stopped working. Also the magnet was never strong enough to hold my iPhone X, which is not a very big or heavy phone.
Case looks like it should. You have to press extra hard on the case to use ur phone screen. The front cover is way to lose and won't let u access your phone freely
Battery had charging problems from day 1. At first wouldn't fully charge and later phone would die very quickly. Finally removed battery and put original 2 year old battery back in, much better than "new" replacement. Battery is garbage. I charged it before using battery with original Samsung charger. I tried several different chargers.
Really disappointed unlocking with fingerprint does not work anymore.
There were two chargers and neither of them worked on our iPhones or iPads.
Trash - worked only 30 days and failed. Purchased 3 and all 3 failed after 30 days.
I received my charger and opened it for 1st time and the charger doesn't work the cable works with a diff spare charger why are these things not tested before selling. It feels like since it was less than 10 bucks they figure who is going to take their time to go back to post office and return..so they keep money and I end up putting charger on trash..never again
Cheap materials, not good for any but the smallest tablets
I brought this product about two weeks ago, I am used only one time because it doesn't work anymore! I'm so disappointed with this product, I just waisted my money!
I bought this in feb. Just a couple of months ago. I only use it to plug my phone in at night righ before i go to bed. The silver part that goes into your phone came out lastnight. I went to look to see if i could send it back and it said that my return date already passed. So it only gives you the amount of time BEFORE it will break on you. NOT WORTH THE MONEY
You will need a tire tool to get this case off your phone, I am afraid of breaking my phone when removing it and it really hurts my fingers from having to use so much pressure. You have to pick up the phone and use your thumb to press power or volume buttons. I always thought otter box was the best, not anymore, I will never buy from them again.
This worked for a couple days and then just stopped for no apparent reason. Poor construction as well...the lightening plug is flimsy and started to break off after just a couple of uses. There has to be better options on the market, but I would not recommend this one.
It looks nothing like the picture and is super small. Not nearly as cute as the picture super disappointed
It ruined my car and home wireless charger!
Looks good it's a good case but the issue I have is with my iPhone 8 Plus when in the case donot get proper service !!! While talking across the person cannot hear me clearly .
Product is great, easy install, easy to set up.. everything went perfect! HOWEVER I'm super upset that after 3 uses out on my boat. They no longer work. They have water damage.. no clue how. And these are suppose to be marine speakers. They have never been rained on or sprayed with the hose.. nothing. Now my nice boat speakers sound like garbage.
Had it about a month and a half but have only used it about 7-8 times. Lights up, lightning bolt shows it's charging but nothing. Not at all. And after the first 2-3 times using it, the battery started dying INCREDIBLY fast. Horrible product, cant return sing I used it so rarely in the first 30 day return window. Terribly product
wasn't impressed and didn't used - low quality
Too small and had to take off in the middle of the night. When I did take it off it my jaw sort of clicked back into place and was sore. May try a couple more times but doubt the pain and discomfort will be worth it. I did not snore but it was probably because my whole face was being cramped together.
Cheaply made and broke while applying to my new watch. Both of them did.
This does not work or charge at all. I got it as a gift and it was the worst decision.
This was great until it stopped working. Even when fully charged it shuts off and I'm unable to turn it back on again. This has happened multiple times. Very unreliable and not worth the $$.
The screen protector it doesn't stay on, it keeps falling off. For the price of this case is not worth it. Don't spend your money. I would like to get a refund. I found a better case for less then that. I GIVE ZERO STAR...
Only one side works for most music.
the face was bigger than my wrist. it looked silly on. it does not work on apple. the watch also randomly cut off and I would have to reset everything. I returned the watch. Would not buy.
It doesn't work for headphones charging port does but whole point of this product is charge while using wired headphones. Worse is they don't allow you to return this product so I'm stuck with a worthless product! DO NOT BUY!
It broke within 2 weeks!
This product is good for nothing, the base always get loose, and your phone can fell off. DO NOT BUY IT
The app didn't even work, I did sync it with the watch but that's it every other function did not work, I tried different SIM cards only to end up with a useless phone. The GPS function did not work. Waste of money. I do not recommend this watch to anyone.
do not buy this does not work
Did not work on my Apple Watch 3
I just got this garmin. I had one before and loved it. This one did not record well the 2 weeks I had it before it fell off my arm 3 times. The clasp did not work well. The lock did not work on the band. It kept popping off.
Unable to write a review as the package has not arrived... Some three weeks after ordering it. Suspect something fishy
Smells likes it burning. Do not buy.
I expected to get an extension with a longer adapter so it would work with my iPhone 6 and Otterbox waterproof case. It won't reach far enough inside to make a connection. I'd like it replaced with one that is longer.
Pretty good as of now hope it don't stop working just like the Apple chargers z As of now 2019 it hasn't evan been a full year and it's stopped working .. can the seller please contact me and get me a refund or a replacement .. these chargers were suppose to be a life time warranty
This product unfortunately first of all hurts your ears so bad. I had them in for about 30 minutes, and it just killed my ears. Next battery lasts for 2 hours and then dies. Also the light constantly blinks even after connected. So Id ask for a refund and then I'll remove my comment and donate headphones to someone else and promote this brand, or I'll go to the trouble to return. Thanks for reading
This thing didn't stay stiff at all and then I was out and about and the key fell right off!
I wish I would have read the reviews before buying. After you plug in the adaptor, it will say not supported by this device after maybe 30 seconds to 1 minute. Do not buy this product.
I ordered two of these cases, one for each color of the note 9. I was very disappointed at the quality of the cases. They feel really cheaply constructed, mine have jagged and almost sharp edges along the borders. The colors are not accurate, and the over feeling of the case is frail. I wont be using this case as it does not make me feel like adequate protection from drops.
Was called USB set. But did not get cord just plug.
VERY SLIPPERY! Would not recommend!
I am disappointed because the gems arr coming off and I have only had this a week now.
The screen does not come in direct contact with the phone screen making it difficult to use phone. Not worth it.
Very flimsy. Kickstand broke already. Not nearly as durable as the original case from verizon
Who is writing these good reviews? I purchased it because of what others said. When I received it I felt fooled. This will NOT protect ur phone. Do NOT buy. What a piece of crap.
Very cheaply made and not worth the price I paid. They ripped after less than 2 weeks of wearing.
Really poor product quality.. Adhesion / suction power does not hold even without the phone, let alone with the phone.. too cumbersome to handle.. bad purchase..
Horrible product, it broke off like toothpick. I would return it, but it cost less for me to waste my time doing it.
This is the worst phone I've ever had and I have had a lot of Samsung's. This one is not user friendly, it's always freezing up. The only way to get it going I have to turn it off. now it's too late to return it! Unless amazon truly is a consumers friend.
Really small, doesn't sound that great. Sent it back, not suitable for good SPL.
2 of 3 stopped working after a little over a month 3rd one stopped working after 4 months
JUNK DO NOT BUY
Come on, really? This is not a privacy screen. It is a tinted screen protector. There is absolutely NOTHING on the packaging about privacy, either. A waste of time and money.
Love glow stuff, but save your cash. Fits ok, the top does not, glow is below my liking. Took off and tossed in a drawer. 🙁
different brand than what is advertised. They also didnt work
It keeps falling off.
The mirror looks legit but unfortunately it is not a protective case and not durable. The mirror cracked on the first tiny fall on the first day !
We received and empty package
Purchased item July 16 installed 2 weeks ago. Screen went out this morning. Don't waste your money. Would be great if seller reached out and offered either refund or replacement
Bought these for extras Incase I lose the original. Music plays for a few minutes then phones says unsupported device.
I picked this one because I liked the silver accents with the blue and because of the magnet the accents are not silver there black and there is no magnet so I'm rather disappointed
Do not buy!!! The long cable stopped working first just after the return window closed, after that the other ones went.
Not sure if I got a defected one but when I clipped the case on my Apple Watch it made a hairline crack on the screen of the case. Again, I might just have a defected one, but this was my experience
I thought it was a wireless charger, pointless I still have to have this plugged in to charge my phone
It says it's for a note 8 Galaxy note 8 but it's not!
This is the second pack received (the first was defective and returned). The second fails to charge the phone and has to be disconnected and reconnected to the phone to start working again. Now it fails to charge when plugged in which when you combine the two issues leads to a dead phone. The dead phone issue was the problem that this purchase was supposed to prevent.
Don't get sucked in by price. Stick to apple products.
It worked great the 1st couple of months and then it just stopped working.
Everything seems to be OK with this product- except the clip won't stay put. So it does absolutely no good for the purpose for which it is made. Also, the gooseneck arm is rather difficult to get positioned just right. That alone wouldn't be cause to return. But clip issue is. The clamp which holds the phone seems very good, no trouble there.
The clip that holds the phone snapped off in less than a month.
There is a new product but a scratched product. It is disappointing.
I received a dashcam with a scratched mirror. It looked like it was previously used. I returned the item and had to pay return shipping. Won't purchase again.
While I liked the concept and wanted this product to work for me, it completely snapped apart! I was driving and the arm dropped to the floor (which warning....does occur occasionally) but this time it had broken in two. So frustrating! Good idea......cheaply made product! Lasted two months.
Not what I thought it would be
This case does NOT fit an iPhone 6. The holes for the camera and flash are not measured correctly. I'd advise against purchasing this case.
I understand this was a cheaply priced item, you certainly get what you pay for. The image of the pineapple wasn't even centered on the back. The cost was so low, its not worth the hassle of sending back, we simply trashed it. Lesson learned.
Interface connector has partial cut in electrical paths specifically at the junction between ribbon socket and glass; rendering un-usable for installation and function, poor inspection and packaged part preparation; REFUND PENDING CLEARLY NOT TESTED OR INSPECTED
The screen protector was too small for the 42mm watch it cut off the edges of the screen. No instructions on how to install
Extremely disappointed with the product. When it arrived the box was open, and after the installation, I noticed some major defects in the screen protector. Mine, in particular, is not cut to the exact match of the Google pixel xl. On one corner it is cut crooked, and there are also defects with the bottom portion itself. It almost looks like tiny scratches on it. I've waited the recommended 12 hour cure time as well. Not sure if anyone else has experienced this.
Item is so crapy. It is a fake!!!
Unfortunately the cables are not supporting fast change. My note9 is not fast changing with these cables I tryed all 3 and still not fast changing.
Didn't even get to use it for a day, cracked around the intricate parts around the top simply by laying it down on the perfectly clean screen and pressing down.
The worst! Cheaply made and not at all what I envisioned. The case has cracks in it and it is not from being dropped.
Have not received yet, still waiting. Will be glad to change my review when I do. Thank you.
This is not what it claims to be never dropped yet the screen cracked with so many phone cases out there don't waste funds on this case
did not send in correct packageing. All three were broken/damaged.
The case does NOT work. I dropped my phone from my waist-high above the ground, and the screen cracked automatically. If you're looking to store your card AND protect your case, take a pass on this product.
These headphones were working great for a while, a couple months. I charged them for two hours or so, expecting them to be charged, and they were because the light turned on, acknowledging the charge. However, I tried to turn them on and they won't turn on. It's not that they are dead, so I am very disappointed.
Never got the screen
This item is great but i received It does not charge so could guys sand me anther one plz
Broke the first time I used it. The glass is plastic
Disappointed by the colors and how big the pack rings were.
I didn't think you could actually go wrong with the stylus, but this one didn't work at all. You would put the point on a letter and it would take off and print the letter three or four times. It was literally impossible to use. If I had kept the packaging I would have returned it. I wonder if the seller knew it didn't work? I wish I'd kept the packaging.
I bought it brand new. They sent me not only a used one but a broken one. Left side dangles and is unwearable. Cowin will NOT send you new ones if they can. Person that notice the deficiency and wrote a note to show it's used, thanks.
This item was not delivered as stated!
Both sets of leads, positive and negative broke when attaching the supplied wires. Cheap...
My wife got me two of these for Christmas, neither one of them works. I am reminded of the Tommy Boy Quote, "If you want me to take a dump in a box and mark it guaranteed I will, I've got the time." I would have preferred a dump in a box.
It started peeling off after days, asked for refund.
Extremely poor product. Took theee attempts to install it. Broke in like a week afterwards. Get good quality product and not waste your money on this one.
Do not buy! No directions for installing but found a video online. Screen protectors popped off within 10 minutes of installing.
4 Days in. No drops. Only exsisting in my pocket and on a flat surface. 2 cracks towards the top of the product. I understand that protecting the phones screen is important, but all the glass protectors I've seen for the Pixel XL 2 have been paper thin and just as flimsy. I'm very close to just going with what Google is selling in their store, as the third party versions clearly haven't figured it out yet.
Integrated speakers have such a low volume it's impossible to hear while driving. And if trying to use the FM modulator to hear over the car radio the volume is also way low. Tried several movies no difference. It's essentially useless haven't tried the IR headphones but I suspect they will be the same. Waste of money. If I could give negative stars I would. Don't buy it.
Bought two of these batteries to replace two yr old batteries in our Galaxy S4 phones. We followed the instructions for charging these batteries. These batteries are no better than our old batteries, they lose their charge in both of our phones in 4 hours time. Very frustrating We always have to carry our portable charger when leaving the house or car.
Photos make it look nice, but it looked way cheaper after having it sent to my home. Wrong size.
It was supposed to come fully charged. It was dead and won't even take a charge!
Broke as I was trying to readjust
Don't know how nice band is cause I never received
Did not fit total junk
I've had this phone for a few months. I was absolutely pleased with the phone. Most absolutely!!!! Great look. Great pics. Great sound. Vivid colors!!! Yet, I can't take frontal videos. My messages came through at an abundance. Saying that they didn't come through at the proper times. A lot of missed phone calls. A lot!! Bill collectors came through though. lol Super super laggy after I downloaded a few apps. Words With Friends. I knew it would happen so I DELETED THE APP. Here I am still complaining. I seriously have bare minimum of apps. The rest are on my tablet. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!!! It looks great. It does. it is by far it's cover.
These were too thick and they had dust specks already embedded in them. I went through all three and none of them were acceptable. The edges bubbled and would not adhere. They were a complete waste of time and money. I'm very experienced at installing screen protectors and have been pleasantly surprised by a number of bargain priced screen protectors over the years that I have purchased and installed some for my various iPhones and Samsung phones and my HTC phone and my Pixel 2. These were among the worst I've ever tried to install on an iPhone. Samsung ones are understandably challenging due to the curved edges of the display. The iPhone 8 Plus display has a decently flat surface for protectors to adhere to. Make use of it, manufacturers. Especially if you're going to size the protector to cover the flat part anyway.
Screen has blurred lines in it. Screen does not work
They didn't fit the design of the phone they state that they were meant for. Ah well. You get what you pay for
I used this for less then a month when it started coming apart. DO NOT BUY!!
Not a quality product. Doesn't fit entire screen. Have to press hard to type. Buttons on side of screen take several attempts to work. Taking it off.
This is not a good case, the buttons are stiff and the texture doesn't grip well. The color is nice though. I didn't bother sending it back. Just threw it away.
Thought they were great, but after owning them for 4 months, the left ear is all crackly and the battery lasts an entire 30 minutes on a full charge. Absolute garbage.
very bad quality , broken from day one
This product does not fit a Garmin vivosmart HR like advertised.
Connectivity to the port of my phone is not good. I wouldn't recommend them
I have emailed this seller and still have not received my item or even a response. Of course they have my money. This was from last November. Very frustrating!
For the three weeks that I used it, the case did what it was supposed to do. It will not charge now, no matter the cord or the charger, I can not get the pack recharged. The case is very difficult to remove the phone from since it is a single piece case. You really have to add pressure to the phone to remove it and as you know the iphone X is all glass. There are better ones out there so look for them.
Case pretty but did not fit phone even tho it states it fits my phone type was very disappointed
Was excited to get this antenna to replace the rubber duck antenna and use in the car but this thing was a piece of junk when I received it. Could barely pick up a NOAA station and only when moving the wire around. Both the antenna and the connector were faulty. I get the NOAA station just fine with the rubber duck but when I used the connector between the radio and rubber ducks could only very rarely get the station and by moving stuff around. Same goes for the antenna itself when used without the connector. Could still barely get the NOAA station leading me to think both pieces were junk and had back connections.
Had for a few months. Falling apart and won't hold a charge.
This even didn't last a month. The leather surface begin peeling off in a month. I just trashed it. Don't buy this.
I ordered a different product with good reviews. I only found this out after looking at my order history. This has almost no adhesive except on the edges. It made a popping noise because it wasn't attached to the middle of the screen and fell off after less than a week. Crap service Amazon. Will return.
Just like all the other bad reviews have stated, this is not the described item that was sold and it does not work whatsoever. Do not waste your money.
cracked when it arrived. very disappointed.
Phone didn't lasted 3 hours... as soon as the charge got over phone didn't charge again. I am done with used phone.
Piece of crap. Did not hold up!!
Waste of money mash up in one month time since like it's a China fake product
This product drains my Apple Watch rather than charges it. It is the worst. I would never recommend this or buy again.
I took longer on shipping then when I finally received the box the packing was awful the platform was cracked on the front corner now I'm hoping all the parts are there worst shipping I've ever seen
After 2 months the colour/paint starts to strip off.... keeps the screen from breaking thou
Nice looking, however I had to take it off and it wouldn't come off. Went to my phone provider and the struggled for 4 5 minutes to get it off and it broke. Contacted the seller, said they would send me a new one ( they said pick one out) and they never sent it 😡
Battery did not last for more than 2 days and after 2nd charge gave out completely, while it did work it worked fine but I could not get the heart rate to work either.
I bought this case about 7 weeks ago but I've actually been using it for 1month and on the 1st fall, see what happens. I have used cases for years and never had to get a new one unless i get tired and want to try something different. I mean i love the color and have received good comments but what good is the color if the case only last a month?
The shade of the pink band is very pale and dull, which is too bad because I really like the quality of this band and it looks like it would hold up very well. But it just isn't a nice color. The same went for the horn color, which I ordered previously and immediately returned. They both looked much nicer in the pictures. This is a sickly pink shade, which makes it almost dirty-looking. I will not be keeping this. I ordered the tortoise as well and absolutely love that one. So far it's the only keeper.
Even if it was 2.00 I never recieved this item and when I did try to request a new still been waiting for 2 months and still nothing.
Started to stop working after couple of weeks from first use
This install kit is horrible. I spent probably 3 hours taking a Dremel to it in order for the head unit to fit into it properly. I couldn't recommend this kit to anyone.
Very cheap material, you can't see anything from the front cover
I put the silver one on my phone last night. It was great! Worked well, swiveled, everything I expected...until it came off 3 hrs later and I dropped my phone on my face! I had been using a different brand for awhile but the design was childish so I tried these. Never again! Just not sure what I'm going to do with the extras because I'm too embarrassed to give them to friends.
Was not happy with purchase. Was a gift and was disappointed
I ordered this item twice and never received it. The company twice sent me the wrong item. I gave up and ordered from another company.
EDIT: After one month, it has stopped working. It stays in one place and never gets shoved in a bag for travel or anything so I have no clue why it broke. And I can't return it because it's been to long :( Since I had a galaxy s9 before the iPhone XR, I wasn't too happy about the price. Nonetheless, the quality is great and I feel like this will last a long time. Reaches to my bed easily!
This thing is cheap as hell and not even worth $1.00. I wouldn't put my phone in this crap.
couldn't get any files to open said unable to open or file was corrupt
This product worked for 2 days, then the top piece that plugs into your phone just fell out. Tried to put it back and glue it, but now it wont work at all.
Received the case when expected but the case did not fit right and the power button was so stiff the button was impossible to use. I've had other tech 21 cases before and they were great not sure why this one was so bad.
Does not been over to hold up my phone
I didn't receive the dual usb charger and digital display. Only received two cables in a bag.
I received the wrong size I ordered the Xs max and got a xs
You do not want to be using your phone while connected because the phone will act totally erratically like it has a mind of its own! I do not recommend this product and should send it back.
Did not protect my phone, my phone fell off of the couch seat, about an 18" fall and shattered my screen. Definately not a heavy duty case!
I rarely rate so lowly and from other ratings I was expecting more. After 12 hour of charging and no usage I gained only 83% power. Rather disappointing. After one week of use,the charging is constantly under powered.
The screen is malfunctioning, it's jumping from app to app randomly and typed in my password numerous times and disabled my phone... I would like a replacement since this is obviously a defect.
Case kept my phone on and because of it my phone constantly died. Thought phone had shut off feature but didn't.
Even if you manage to connect them, they will disconnect with every minor movement.
Do not buy! Had it for a year and it stopped working. Bought a Bluetooth adapter that's amazing and cost a little more. But you pay for what you get.
This pop socket does not stick to the phone. It does not even have any sticky backing to stick to anything at all. What a waste of money.
ZERO STARS! Neither one of the two worked. How can an item continue to be sold that is clearly not working?!?
This is not compatible with the iPhone, even though the description clearly states otherwise.
Product was delivered brand new and factory sealed. The radio reception was horrible and the CD player did not work. Returned immediately.
Its saying my packages was delivered but i do not have them
When I received the case it seemed durable, and of good quality. I am only day shy of having it for 2 months and it is already falling apart. The piece that goes around the edges of the phone has come off. Very disappointing considering how much it cost.
Case came with a full charge but after it dies it's almost impossible to recharge the case
This product does not perform as advertised. The screen protector does not stick around the edges.
This item worked a few hours and went dead on us. We tried resetting it and all we get is a black screen. Dont waist your money.
When I first got these I would have given them a 4+ rating, but now after only 3weeks they've stopped charging.
It was suppose to be a six
One of the worst screen protectors I've ever used. Not case friendly at all with an otterbox symmetry. Button presses (volume, power) cause the screen protector to shift due to the size of the screen protector and as a result of poor adhesion. The adhesive that came with this protector is pathetic. Crack propagation within a day towards the center of the screen due to how much it shifts and bends. Touch response is horrible as well as the center of the screen is free to float above the screen requiring heavy pressing which is incredibly annoying when typing. The only other protector I've used with the pixel 2 is the one by amFilm which is slightly more expensive but actually works pretty well and is case friendly with an otterbox symmetry. I regret cheaping out and buying this after cracking the amFilm due to my own fault after a few months. Do yourself a favor and look elswhere.
I received a 100 count package of premium tissue paper instead of this phone case.... ???
Cheap material and too bulky for a cell phone case!
There is nothing more frustrating than when your phone cables quit working one by one. They originally appeared to be good quality but they did not last very long.
Says device isn't supported by iphone.
Game handles broke. Not sturdy
I experienced the same issues everyone else is saying. Hard to type, my phone fell and the protector fell too. I thought the product I had ordered was top rated. Don't waste your time or money buying this product
I bought this for my iPhone X and it doesn't support my phone so needless to say it doesn't work waste of money for me
Didn't fit. Had to return
The headphones do not work whatsoever. You put them in your ears hear a beeping sound and nothing else happens, the sound will still play normally but not through the earbuds.
This case is only two months old. The leather material seems nice but the rubber lining is separating.
Absolute garbage, we were so excited to use this and it doesn't hold a charge at all. Don't waste your money
These worked great for a while then abruptly quit. When I bought them the user ratings were very high but now I see that has changed dramatically. The package states they have a 1 year warranty but good luck getting in contact with the company. I suggest you pass on these.
JUNK! will not charge. Phone switches between charging and not charging when in use. Never builds a charge.
It kept falling off my case and wouldn't stay stuck at all, fell off in 24 hours.
worked very well for 3 months. Then started to crack. No useful response from seller to honor 1yr warranty.
It is a wrong description in color. The "gold" is not gold it is literally army green.
This case was not red. It also it just a sheet of glitter inside a clear case.
It was a great phone. I used it in Europe. When i came back to the US, a simple Android update Bricked it. I've tried, I've paid professionals to try. $600 piece of garbage i used for 3 months. I paid cash. Buy new and buy from a different seller.
I still haven't received this product. Please refund my money.
The connector DIDNOT do what it was advertised it would do , and that was, to allow a 3.5 plug to connect into a phone with a 2.5 connection adapter and work.
Total junk. Cables do not fit snugly in any phone or iPad. They fall right out. All of my other cables work fine on these devices. These are going in the trash.
Charge the watch them programmed it and it only worked about five minutes screen is blank watch is dead no Life at all
Broke my phone... I used this and another of the same item (I purchased a second one for traveling overseas) for a while and just this week when I plugged a USB c (both ends) cable into my galaxy s8 plus my phone died permanently. Now the charger doesn't fast charge or even decently charge at all, it trickle charges. Not happy with a dead phone and won't be buying again.
Glass came with scratches ...super unprofessional
After receiving phone, I looked up IMEI, GSM, not CDMA. Inaccurate listing.
This product was not what I thought it was going to be ... The issues with this is that the slots where the cards go are so small that once you get a card inside, you practically cant get them to come out. The closed side with the magnetic closures will not close if you have cards in every slot. This product is useless for me as I cannot use it as intended. I dont recommend
Horrible! Returning it.If you move it if falls apart because everything is connected with magnets. Foundation really needs to be held together permanently.
This item is not working at all it almost broke my iPhone it's not working I sent them text that don't work they never answer me very disappointed
This broke before I could use it.
Did not come with the stand and you can not charge your phone and the case at the same time. It's worth the money but had to take it off to charge the phone and then charge the case. It's heavy as well.
phone kept falling off
well, I originally gave this item 5 stars and then it broke less than 4 months. This is on my son's phone and he rarely carries his phone and despite the ring came apart and unable to fix. Guess you get what you pay for. Bought another brand, hope it holds up.
I loved these headphones...BUT they have died and quickly in my opinion. No warranty. Dud.
Junk like all the others? The funny part is it had an insert that said quit buying chargers that break or something like that. Well this one just stopped working. It's pretty though.
I haven't seen any different!! Waste of money
Too large. Overlaps and case doesn't fit. Wish there were more options for this phone.
I get a message that this adaptor is not compatible with my iPhone when I plug it in.
After 48 hours it's very clear that these timers are junk. We bought 7 to individually control lawn sprinklers, one at a time, on a large area of freshly seeded land. The first issue to arise was with flooding. Yeah! The water supply is connected to the timer by a threaded plastic collar that you attach to your hose or spigot that then attaches to the timer by a "quick connect" that is not up to the task. We experienced multiple occasions, with 3 different timers, where the water supply blasted off of the timer at that lousy connection and then ran for hours onto the yard. 1 of our timers was dead right out of the box and another died when it got wet. We're returning all of them and trying the barely more expensive Orbit branded version to see if it's any more useful to us. The Orbit also has similarly scathing reviews but at least the supply hose will thread directly onto that version.
Sticky back was not of quality only last on the watch an hour for the first and 1.5 for second.
Crappy quality in my opinion. It doesn't want to stick al the way down.
This case DOES NOT fit the Samsung Galaxy s8+. Seems like it probably fits the s8. Very disappointing...
Used this one time and it stopped working. Waste of money.
Product is not as described. Not a one+ cable at all. Not even a cheap knock off.
Worked great for about 6 months, then the wireless charging for the phone stopped working. Reaching out to seller hoping for a replacement.
this is the very first item i have ordered from amazon that i am not satisfied with, the quality is poor. i should have realized that i may run into a quality problem by the pricing. had purchased to phone holders previously, did pay a much higher price, they were excellent and we presented them as gifts to our children. i thought i would get one for my husband so i tried this product. am not satisfied and plan to return this order. NOT the fault of amazon, i am just not satisfied with the quality of this item.
Did not receive item in photo. The version I received had the extended bendable neck. It works just fine but it was not the style I expected from the photos.
Don't buy, doesnt' work
I've never been more disappointed in charger cable than I am with this purchase. Without much use, the cable broke close to where it's plugged in. Total waste of my money and it's cheap. Even the metal blade cane off and stuck in the outlet. I just ant my money back.
Not worth the money! I didn't even have it for a week before the ring broke, and I'm not someone who constantly plays with it either. I'm down to the second one and I can already tell it won't last
This item says privacy screen protector and once put on the phone, it was a regular transparent one. I purchased it under the impression it was a privacy screen. Very disappointing.
This is a really hard review to write, because I really like the case - but the usability of the case is seriously hampered by the design. I know it's not a random flaw, because I ordered two (one for me, another for a family member) both for the iPhone 8 Plus. The Sound On/Sound Off switch is horribly inaccessible. You can easily get in there to switch the Sound ON.... but once the sound is ON... you can NOT reach in there to turn the sound OFF if you are a male with normally clipped fingernails. It requires a credit card, paper clip, or some other foreign object to slide in above the switch and force it down. I'll use it for a while, and eventually throw it out, sadly.
Difficult to Install, even with Guide and it got bubbles everywhere.I tried multiple with the same results.
Screen protector doesn't fill screen. Also edge's crack very easily. I always try leave a fair review but I wouldn't recommend these due to craftsmanship and durability. While the seller sent me a replacement I was still disappointed..
The bracket is flimsy. Side clamp that holds phone, broke within 5 months.
Wish I could give it more stars. Works intermittently - either it will charge or the headphones will work but not both. And sometimes neither function works. When you plug it in, device says not supported.
I change my mind this is a terribe item it only worked for 1 day o 2 amazon shouldnt allowed selling this trash on his page. I want my money back asap!!
These people lied about the phone being unlocked. I'm tired of lying vendors who take you money and then hold you hostage till you return their mistake. Do Not Buy from them.
Watch was way too big, I tried to remove links and the cheap tool broke.
Does not fit right on my watch. The edges do not adhere well at all. Easily scratched as well.
You can't charge two Juuls at a time. Only one works at a time. Waste of money.
The product was never delivered
I tried to used the charge and it is no working this is broke i can't believe that i lost my money
There's no gel for the headphones so it's hard and hurts your ears. And the right side does not work. Not happy definitely going to return it and not recomend.
I never received my package....
very dissappointed...this product started shorting off in 2 days....WASTED MY MONEY....DO NOT BUY
Stopped working after a week
I bought the pop socket because i got a new phone. I've had them on all my other phones and it just makes life easier. However I am sooooo disappointed this time around. The socket keeps coming off my phone. Its at random times too when I'm just holding it and reading a text. The quality of mine maybe is poor or just this particular product is not very good.
Cheap it broke from sliding
Don't waste your money!!! These are like a thin clear sticker that doesn't even cover all of the screen! Very cheaply made!!!
my order did not arrive ?????
It broke too day after i got it
DO NOT BUY ! FALSE ADVERTISED ! THIS IS A SCAM ! DEFINITELY NOT A REAL QUICK CHARGING POWER BANK. I received the power bank today, half charged. The design is beautiful bit when I wanted to give it a try, on both my phones Samsung Galaxy s7 and s9, none of them indicated ANY fast charging in either one of the two USB ports available. More than that, the charging was stopping after only two seconds even if the battery led indicates half level of charge. I am EXTREMELY upset and disappointed. Both my phones can CLEARLY indicate the fast charging option with ANY OTHER real QUALCOMM CERTIFIED device therefore I assume that this one is not what it says unless you guys done sending me a defective device. WELL DONE SCAMMING THE BUYERS ...
false advertisement this is not a pd fast charge cable i would give it 0 stars if i could the only true way to get pd fast charge cable is to buy an apple cable will cost more but it will work
Would have been a perfect watch if I could swap from their "Tic Health" to Google Fit. The "swipe left" menu is permanently set to their "Tic Health" app. While you can still use Google Fit, it is buried in the apps menu. Or you could bind it to a button.
Stopped working after 4 months
I bought this watch in December as a Christmas present for my husband. It stop working already. I will never buy it again.
Do not waste your money. This was my second unit. I misplaced my first unit after about a month. Thought I was in love until the power button on my second unit popped out of alignment. I only used the ear but a few times a week, and always kept it in its case and within 60 days, the unit is unusable. Waste of money.
i was unable to have it stay over my ears so it did not work out great for for what i needed it for was disappointed.
The item came in cracked !!!!
It came out after 5 day
Be forewarned, Sony keeps updating these phones without properly testing if their updates are safe to use. The end result is more and more people like myself needing to fully flash their phones, lose all their app data and starting from square one at least once a month, I have no idea what Sony is doing but they desperately need to stop. Haven't seen mistakes this bad since the psn hacking crisis a few years ago
I like how thin and sleek this case is without being slippery and easily fumbled. That being said, I dropped mine on a table and it cracked on the top right corner. Kind of bummed out about it breaking that easily.
This broke on me halfway through my trip. The silver prong part just screwed itself off. -_- thankfully most places now offer adapters...
Way too big for the phone I purchased it for. Cracked the first day when putting on case. Second one in pack too big as well and would not stay on the phone.
keep shopping- this garbage was cut too small- doesnt fit well and broke a day later- really dont waste your money on this garbage
The case is great, I absolutely love it. I purchased this case because it came with a tempered glass screen protector. The instructions say "pull" to get protector out of package. Upon doing so the entire thing shattered. So friggin bummed but it's a brand new phone and I'm not waiting another two weeks to return this one and receive a new one so I'll keep the case and order a new screen protector from another company.
They broke the first day
It is very hard to put phone in the case, I spent time and time. I almost left out protection film, very hard to put in place. All set is so hard, not good at all. I would not buy it again.
The same day I got the screen and I replaced my cracked with it and I noticed it didn't come with an ear speaker or front camera so I had to replace those which was fine and after the process was complete until the next afternoon when the touch screen completely stopped responding
Not good quality and the battery don't last much.
Error reported "not compatiable". Sometimes worked, other times iPhone just stopped playing.
These were great at first, but then they stopped working after a few months. I threw them away and bought better quality ones.
I did not get the side buttons
Tip broke off in the device. Update: a few months later, both tips broke off from both cords.
I wanted to love this, worked great for the first week, then the bluetooth acted all funky. Wasn't connecting. Had to return it
I will not be using this cover unless I absolutely have to. In order to turn on or off my phone or use the volume control, I have to use excessive pressure to get them to work. Not worth it.
I have no clue how this case received a decent review! This is not my first charging case. First, it's ridiculously heavy and bulky. Second, the iPhone jack immediately stopped working with my headphones. I spent much of my energy removing the case to take calls and listen to music. Third, the case started taking forever to charge and wouldn't always take a charge toward the end. Finally, the case died completely about 4 months in.
These are the worst, don't buy..
Ring became loose after a week. I don't even use the ring much. Case overall is ok fits iPhone X well. If you don't mind the ring hanging there every time you use the phone, this would be the ok option.
The first one did not stuck. There was nothing sticky on the backside for it to even pretend to stick, so I try the second one. Has a little stick it it but not much. Very frustrating!
The adhesive doesn't work. Do not buy.
Terrible product. Does not cover even just the main part of screen that is flat
I tried both pieces of glass and neither one would fit right and I had all kinds of trouble getting it to work when I touched the screen. I used these with my plastic case and they just didn't seam to fit correctly and snug. The first one popped off in the middle of a phone call and fell to the ground and cracked. I went home that night cleaned and installed the second one but within a day I took it off and threw it in the trash. More trouble than it is worth.
The product says that it charges laptops, but it does not. Unfortunately by the time I opened it to use it for the first time, it was two days after the product return window.
I wish they had an option for ZERO stars. My son got a brand new Apple iPhone 8+ and we bought this piece of crap to protect it. The first time he dropped his phone, 3 days after putting the new Youmaker case on, his screen cracked. I called Amazon to tell them they should not be advertising such a worthless product and they said they would reach out to Youmaker to see how they will remedy the broken phone screen. They also gave me the link to email Youmaker directly. I have not heard back from either company and that was about 2 months ago.
This does not fit on my 2014 Jeep Compass
Fell apart faster than any other case we bought and we are a family of 5
this product blacked out and had to be replaced after 2 months use.
Only two of the tire sensors are sending or are received. There is no contact information for vendor to correct.
1 of the protectors came broken, another broke instantly on install & the 3rd took less than a week to shatter. The orange guide doesn't even fit properly and makes it harder to install compared to not having it!
This charger will not charge your watch past 50%. Again will not. Stay far away from this product.
Does not fit the LG V30
I don't even use this anymore because it was dirty and when I tried to clean it won't. The white isn't as white and the plastic has that gross yellow tint to it. And I clean my phone a lot. So that sucks.
Came apart after one use. Do not buy!
only lasted 3 hours on my phone then the adhesive starts coming of on all sides.
These subs are great to those like me who don't need car shaking loud. They give a nice kick, only bought this so my door speakers don't put out any bass. Update - these Subs stop working not even after a year of light use, these are garbage
It wasn't the right fit for the phone. Wrong case.
I ordered what I believed was a NEW retail product. What I received was a headset in a bag with NO instructions, NO warranty card, NO extra earpieces. The only item in the bag was the power connector. They were almost IMPOSSIBLE to get to pair. When I did I tested the audio for music from my phone and it was....OK. I made several phone calls and NO ONE could understand what I was saying. I re-paired again with the same result....I could not use these to talk with anyone on the phone. I have a HBS 900 I LOVE, but the right earpiece no longer retracts and I bought the 930 to replace it. I reconnected the HBS 900 and it works perfectly when I am on the phone.
Product looks nothing like the photo I'm highly disappointed I waisted my damn money if I could give it zero stars I would don't waist your money
Horrible product. Brome 2 days after I received and only used it 2 or 3 times.
I bought this for my wife's birthday in July 2017. Support ended in September 2017. It's now November 2017 and the battery doesn't hold a charge even for 5 minutes. I'm very disappointed. She was careful to charge it fully and let it run down completely each time she charged it, but after 6-8 weeks she started noticing that it didn't seem to last as long - she had to charge it daily even if she didn't wear it running. Then about two weeks ago, it quit holding a charge altogether. I'll contact Garmin directly to see if they will offer help, but if not, I'll never buy another Garmin product.
I had this phone case in the turquoise and it was a smooth feel, so I ordered this color due to my other one breaking. This color is a rough feel and I don't like it at all!!
Works at the first week, last night it dies, horrible product, i don't think it's OEM product.
The reviews looked good - just got it - won't pair - looked at again on Amazon and the reviews are gone except for 2 new ones noting it's a fake.
This product did not work with my Square card reader.
This is missing the macro lens.
I didn't even fill all the credit card slots, and the thing wouldn't close. I thought maybe if i broke it in a little and stretched the clasp out, but no. It's poorly made; the functionality (or lack thereof) is ridiculous.
left too many air bubbles that did not go away
These sandals smelled horrible! As soon as I opened the package you could instantly smell them. They really came from the pit of China. I ended up throwing them out.
I dont get my package because the box was delivered but it was empty.
3 of the screen protectors did not even have a middle layer, 2 would not stick and 1 was my mistake by an air bubble unfortunately the onky good one was my first attempt and i thought I had 5 more.
My charger isn't working for my phone will work for music and charging on aux but can't hands free on my calls how do I return
I relied on another vendor to determine whether I needed a 5 pin or 4 pin... should have checked personally. They said 5 pin, and that's what I ordered. My error for not checking myself. However, I DO want to return this item, and it is not eligible for returns, per Amazon. Bad customer satisfaction generator.
Doesn't work with T-mobile as advertised
Not happy with this product. It does not fit all the way from edge to edge. I didn't leave it on
This could be a great product, but it's not. All of the large area works, but once you get near the edge you'll need a hammer to make the screen respond to your touch. Using a hammer on a glass touch screen protector kind of defeats the purpose, doesn't it?
Hated them. Sent them back
Did not like anything about it. Did not fit,material had horrible order! Was not anything like advertised,so I returned this item!! Sorry!
Adhesive is lifting along edges after 5 days
It doesn't seem like I can catch a break with airpods. They aren't optimized for windows 10 (drivers keep crashing), Disconnects from my android phone when i put it in my pocket. I thought this device being a separate bluetooth receiver designed for them would fix my issues, but alas, it does not. Apple's airpods are one of the greatest inventions in audio technology, but sadly, Apple tied it to their ecosystem to the point that I can't use them for anything and this device does not work as advertised.
I would like to give this an honest review, if the company would send me the correct model. I need an iPhone X case, but twice they sent me iPhone 9. I will no longer do business with this vendor.
Too big! The ring itself is too big for one finger and too small for two.
Out of a box of 4 charging cables, none of them would charge my Motorola g6, which they are advertised to be compatible with.
The USB cord broke so I bought another one, same thing happened again, now I have 2 of them with no way of charging them. Waste of money!!
I try to give everything a chance, I left this on my phone for 2 weeks... everytime I used my touch screen I could hear the protector lifting off my screen, when I would talk on my phone it would slide around. The whole point is to protect your screen which you can't do if the protector is sliding all over the place. I understand that this is much cheaper then what you could buy at the phone store. I have used many protectors from amazon in the past and all have been easy to install and use (plus they stayed on the phone!)I regret buying this product. Now I have another one I'm never going to use. It's worth $50 to have one installed, especially because the adhesive actually works. I can't tell you how well the screen was protected when it comes to impact, but I can tell you it bairly covered the whole screen of my Note 9, the rounded edges were exposed, plus when it did hit the ground falling about 6 inches from a couch cushion the entire protector shifted on the phone. Maybe I got a bad batch of adhesive, either way buyer beware.
I never recieved it. Ill change review once i receive what i purchased.
Alleged Bluetooth will not pair with anything. User interface is cumbersome and archaic. User manual is laughable. Creating a playlist is like programming a VCR from 1979. Do not waste your money on this junk
I've gone through two of these and both of broken within the 1st month.
Sent it back. Didn't work.
It worked well first. However, it didn't work any more 3 week later.
the edges of the protector hang off the phone. Had it on for 10 mins and it has dirt and fuzz under the edges. Pretty sure this would come off in my pocket pretty soon. Returning
Screen protector cracked 3 days after I put it on. Phone only dropped on my carpet floor.
I did not like that this product came in gold only. I thought it was going to come in silver just like my phone. Also, the sensitivity of my phone is considerably decreased by this product. I have to tap or press hard on my phone to type which takes longer. And most disturbingly, this product has cracked WITHOUT me dropping my phone or any trauma to my phone after barely two weeks of using it. I would not recommend this product and would love to have my money refunded.
Despite how ugly and bulky this case is, I decided to get it because I had shattered a phone and the reviews looked good. My phone fell from my lap onto the theater floor (2 feet) and shattered while using this case. So it didn't work! and now I'm out $150 to fix the screen. In addition the plastic screen cover scratches and looks awful.
Cracked the second day I had it on my phone.
Hello it said my package was delivered but I have not received any thing I want my product or my money thank u
Worst experience with a phone luckily I was able to send it back Long story wouldn't charge screen went blank etc
This is very sad that this product is not working. I now gotta pay more money to get my phone fix just because this does not work with a I phone seven plus. Now I have to pay the person more money for peace wait more time and pay more money for the rubber peace.
I was sent the wrong size
Received the product and went to charge the battery pack and the input cord would not fit into the input slot to charge the battery pack. It completely stripped it. Went to contact the company to see about replacement and the number was not in service and the e-mail listed was incorrect. Returning through Amazon.
Product came in with a scratch on the screen.
Zero stars if I could! Does not work:/
Bad product. Does not fit Note 9 and because of this the adhesive has given way and does not work after 4 days.
Made my IPhone 6 do crazy things while plugged in when trying to use it. My phone acted possessed. It seems to charge OK but what it did to my phone made me nervous about damage to it. Returned and purchased my go-to of Amazon Basics.
I was hoping this product would work on my samsung s8. I have a light phone protector. The magnet works ok but on my first trip, my phone fell on the floor 3 times and would rotate sideways.
ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE CASE. did not stay snapped shut. Horrible protection. Could access the top left ringer button on my phone.
this GPS worked great for about 5 hours but was a total let down it would not read any music or movie files and is very glitchy now it wont even power on Also it did not have the windshield mount in the box when it says mount included. I used a mount I already had. Don't waste your time on this GPS just shell out the money and buy a good one like i should of done in the first place You get what you pay for. I'm returning this for a refund.
Bought this 4 months ago and it stopped working already. Not happy!
Never received can I get refunded on a gift card
Within ten in minutes of plugging this into my iPhone 7, I got a "This accessory not supported" message and it never worked again.
This didn't last me but three months! So disappointed 😔
Not good at all. Didn't even work for a second.
I read the reviews thinking I was buying a simple easy to use speaker but this thing simply does not work. The speaker does not hold a charge and will not let me connect to Bluetooth. I'm not even able to use it. Good thing it was cheap because it was a waste of money. If I could give this negative stars I would.
So I apparently have no choice but to purchase two of these when I only wanted one. I ordered one which allegedly was delivered but I never received it. The seller uses lasership which is possible the worst operation on the planet. Unreliable! So I am notified it was left on my porch. I never received it. Nothing has ever gone missing from my home and has other things left the same day which were right where they're supposed to be. I notified them that I never actually received it and they sent a replacement out which I did receive promptly. And even though I explained I never got the first one I am charged for it anyway because I didn't ship it back to them. Clearly without actually having it to send back to them I didn't have a choice. So I basically was charged twice for one case I don't even like. I should have sent the second one I actually did receive back since it is inconvenient to type while it's on the phone. Too bulky around the keyboard. If you want this case I suggest purchasing it from another seller.
The screen protector broke within minutes of installation. Was highly disappointed
It doesnt come with easy instructions or doesnt name the app for parents to use scan the product takes you to a app woth nothing but Chinese writing....waste of money will cause a headache
Ridiculous you buy one item and get another, I have no way to evaluate the product, but the seller yes, bought an item and arrived another.
Was broken when I received it
AVOID. All three cable failed after about 6 months. Not recommended
Beware these will pop off very easy....this was my second one I ordered. I had them less tan 2 weeks....and lost bth of them.
smart watch did not work at all after the second day
Literally broke out the package, wow! Good thing they send two at a time, now i see why.
I ordered these and was charged for them and never got them?
Just got the case and it's too small. What the heck??? Anyone else had this problem???
Tried it on both a 2011 Honda Odyssey and 2018 Subaru Outback. Flew off the dashboard of both cars while in motion. Would not recommend. Returned to Amazon.
DO NOT PURCHASE from this company. If you need to buy a cell phone stand, make sure it's through Amazon. My packaged arrived BENT and BROKEN. Why in the world would anyone even mail it out like that. To make maters worse, I wasn't even able to replace it or get a refund. DO NOT ORDER from this company. Just pay a couple dollars more and order a better one.
I bought this watch because I am training for a half marathon. I wanted a watch that I could upload music into so I could run without my phone with me. This watch wasn't compatible with uploading music.
These are junk, I cracked the first one in my pocket. It also doesn't fit the screen properly and the edges are not tapered.
It no longer holds a full charge.
It did not last long at all the battery only Lasted 2 hours These were no good
It stop working. I forgot that I bought this a few months ago. Now that I want to use it. It only turn on / works for 2 HOURS THEN, IT STOP WORKING.
very fragile, the joints are loose, does not fit well each extension I do not like! It is not firm, it is not strong, I am disappointed
Does not keep up with Mac Book Pro touchbar. It will charge it when the computer is off or asleep, but if you are using the laptop it will not even keep it at the power level where it's at. Disappointed.
Looks nice, actually tempered glass. But its not flat. I used both since I thought I did it wrong the first time and it leaves a gap on left and right side of the phone. I'm worried if something got underneath the screen, it will peel right off easily.
It doesn't fit the s7edge. It is used and full of dirt. Products not listed as used.
Save your money and don't buy this. Very cheap quality. Doesn't feel durable at all. Quite honestly I'm afraid to put my expensive IPhone XS Max in it in fear of it falling off.
The 10ft cable does not work at all and one of the 6ft cords worked for around 2 hours and does not work now. Do not waste your money on these cables!
I ordered this as a replacement, was supposed to be the exact same item. It clearly is made of plastic not silicone as described. Although I paid the exorbitant Apple price, I got a cheap Chinese knock-off. I am sending it back, will have to make do with the one I have which is breaking down on the edges.
First try charging an iphone and the 10 ft cord did not work. Terrible
The case only lasted for two days and broke.
It crapped the bed after only two weeks. Would not recommend.
item was not all there
Doesn't work don't waste your money
Terrible! So I bought this thinking it was part of the amazon basic products and I thought that it would work really good because of that. I was wrong. As soon as I plugged in my apple headphones to the adapter it did not work at all!! I am very disappointed because I can't use my headphones now and have to buy Bluetooth because I don't have an adapter.
I usually don't write reviews but wanted to write one for this. Used this case for few weeks. Pretty slim and good on hands however it fell on floor from abt less then 3 feet and damaged the screen completely. protection is not good. my brand new phone needs screen replacement now.
It didn't last long now i.have to buy another on so dissappointed
This protector didnt want to stick. While wiping it clean, it just slid right off. Even the dust stickers were not sticky at all
The watch says to download one of two apps, bt notifier or fun run for tracking the data from the watch. Fun run costed 99 cents and my google play wasnt letting me purchase and the bt notifier wanted me to download another app of theirs to read the qr code so I could sync the data between the watch and my phone. When I downloaded the qr code reader it scanned the code and wanted me to download a file on to my phone. My phone beeped and a screen popped up saying if I download this file it could harm my phone. Then the app was wanting me to turn off my virus protector on my phone. I do not recommend this watch. Directions are wanting you to download shady software to your device.
Very bad product. There is not much privacy. Even after very careful installation bubbles pop up
Very disappointed in the wearability of this product. They took forever to arrive.
Hooked 4 of them up to a 400 watt prv amp and they lasted 2 minutes and popped no good do not buy
Does not fit screen. Lack of adhesive. Black lines cover up screen. Awful screen protector.
Could not get the air bubbles out. Will have to replace but with a different brand.
I bought this for my mother who is hard of hearing thinking this would be a wonderful way for her to enjoy the TV while not driving everyone else from the room because of the loud volume. After much trying to get the bluetooth to pair with the TV I discovered we were missing the Bluetooth transmitter. The transmitter is included in a different set than the one I purchased. So, I cannot give an honest review of this item because we were unable to use it. I returned it to Amazon yesterday.
These are terrible. All 3 stopped working within 10 days
This doesn't work as described! Won't receive signals for any band and doesn't transmit on UHF!!!
Not sure what this was an amazon choice, all the cables stopped working after couple uses, the last cable i had which i never used and tried after months didn't even work. What a waste of money. Don't buy these
International phone not advertised as such misleading consumers
Great for the price but it's super slow at charging.
You get what you pay for. Screen is hard to use. You have to hit buttons harder than normal for it to pick up. I know the edges are curves but it would be nice for the screen protector to fit a bit better. It is definitely noticeable one the screen. The note pen does still work as normal. Honestly would not buy this item again.
Case falls apart within 6 months. I ordered this phone case twice hoping the first time it broke through normal use (not dropping) was a fluke. But the second time the textured back starting flaking off even earlier. I liked the feel and function of the case but would not recommend purchase until they can create higher quality materials that won't fall apart.
Mine came in Chinese. I only know English. What can I do to change it to English.
These cracked as I was putting them on. Easily the worst screen covers I've ever bought.
the charger came to me in very bad condition
It takes forever to charge my phone unlike the other brand .
The macro lens works only about 10% of the time, which is a big disappointment (without a case on the phone... it just isn't a functioning lens). The rest, after a couple of months of trying, were very disappointing as well, even with a very slim case on my iPhone 7. A couple of them get black edges/corners effect quite often that can't be removed no matter how carefully you place the camera (even without the case). Mostly, they're just fuzzy, even when attached without a case. Really, really not worth the purchase.
After a week one stop charging
Very difficult to apply with no bubbles.
GARBAGE A WASTE OF MY TIME TO HARD TO SETUP THE VIDEO QUALITY LOW .
Very light and then but stopped working after a few days
In all fairness...My phone is a Samsung Galaxy ll, G3 Sprint phone. The battery fit exactly but This Battery info states it is for a G4. That could have been the problem. I'll never know. Not worth returning.
I just got it today and as soon as I opened it, it wasn't even matte. It is a clear screen cover. Not only is that the problem, they sent me screen protectors with scratches all over them and bent. Don't waste your money on this piece of trash.
after 2 weeks it doesnt switch on
Had this phone for less than a year and it slowly began not charging or not being able to hold a charge. If you like putting a phone in the wall socket for it to go from 5 to 6% percent after 30min then this is the phone for you.
My husband is a truck driver and his phone fell from the floor of his truck to the ground which is about 4 ft and when he picked it up the glass was broken
Case not durable, kickstand broken on arrival belt clip not even connected to case. Would not recommend
This product only sticks on the sides of the edge screen. It does not stick to the whole screen which makes the plexiglass no good. It keeps coming up.
Not worth it. Ordered (6) of these and after uaing them for a month, all 6 of them are malfunctioning.
This is obviously pretty cheaply made. A pro is that it doesn't necessarily look like it is when it's on your wrist and when people can see it, but it is definitely fragile. Mine broke in a week. One side of the wrist band tore at the pin like a piece of paper. It was not very comfortable and the band was very stiff overall (I thought it would get less stiff with time but it broke before I could confirm). Also the pins that latch the wrist band to the watch are not similar to the ones on the wrist bands that come with the Fitbit. They were much longer and I could actually feel them pricking into my wrist. I would recommend the manufacturer try a bit harder to make a product that has specs more similar to the default product at least from a compatibility standpoint if I the comfort of the user isn't enough of an incentive. I'm too lazy to return this, but if you're the seller and see this please refund me. --------- Update from 1 to 3 stars: they sent me a new one after this post and it is functioning after a few days. My comment on the pins and need to wear-in still apply. ----- Back to 1 star. I wish there was a zero star. As I took off my backpack the replacement snapped/broke at the same place as the last one without me even noticing. I almost lost my fitbit but someone saw and handed it to me after it fell off. THIS WRISTBAND IS TRASH. I'm surprised that there are this many positive reviews. Probably becase their service is good and they send replacements. But that doesn't help since the product is very low quality, aka trash. If you dont want to potentially lose your fitbit find something else.
Product doesn't work correctly. All of the good reviews for this product don't exist anymore, apparently this was a scam
I never received this item eventhough I pay for it!!!
when i open the package one of the screens was cracked at the top. not a good first impression.
This case caused my phone to overheat. I do not recommend this case.
Stayed on overnight and then popped off. Terrible product.
Stopped working after 1 month
The Y000 screwdriver required to remove the two inner panels broke after taking out 3 of the screws. Just crappy quality. Screws weren't stripped the head of the screwdriver is just made of cheap metal
First off, there were previously hundreds of 5 star reviews that were fake. It looks like amazon removed most of them. As for this screen protector, it only sticks on the corners and parts of the edge, which means it's easy to pop off. The poor adhesion also means the screen doesn't register all of your finger motions. 2 stars because it works with a case. 1 actual star because the company was blatantly falsifying their user reviews.
I likes the sound when I 1st purchased...within a months time the volume decreased ...WOULD NOT RECOMMEND ...I have 3 that need to be returned...
First time using it and phone stayed on 26% for 45 minutes...buying a charger elsewhere now.
Watched the videos, read the instructions. Protector went on easily, finger print scanner will no longer unlock my phone. Kind of expensive for a product that disables part of your phone.
All three are no longer working and we have not even had them 2 months. They have barely been used. Do not waste your money.
iPhone 7 and 8 does not support a replacement home button. If your home button was ripped during a repair the only use this button would have is to resolder the old home button with a new flex cable. Advanced repair.
The seller of this item claimed used less than 6 months, and in very good condition..this subwoofer is so beat up and dirty....No way is it less than 6 months...looks like whoever owned it, let it roll around in their trunk....or a dog chewed on it....as soon as I took off t he bubble wrap, I said, this is going back
Bad product, does not work, do not buy it.
Don't waste your time. Constant crackling and distortion when listening to music, books, or anything else makes this thing useless.
Broke. Ejecting a SD card, and the tray broke. Not better designed as stated.
Love how this phone case looks and feels but it's crap! Don't buy it! It falls apart all the time. After time it stretches and makes it loose on the phone.
This product is very easy to install, but the glass is terrible quality. I had a small area begin cracking within the first 12 hours. Then on the third day after installing, there are four separate areas around the edges that are cracking/showing a spider web effect. The phone has not been dropped or mishandled since the screen protector was applied. Waste of money, will be buying a different product.
The protection I think would be great on this case however you can't type very well with it. I guess if you needed to just have a waterproof case that didn't require to do anything but talk on the phone, this may be a good option. Was disappointed in the lack of quality in typing that could be done.
this speaker sounds ok and is loud unlike other people have said. DOES NOT ALLOW YOU TO CONNECT TO MULTIPLE DEVICES AT THE SAME TIME. this was a big disappointment to me as i use in my office for my tablet and my phone at the same time. When i have it attached to my tablet it keeps skipping songs on Pandora by itself as if the button is being pressed but doesn't on my phone.
Does not hold the Galaxy S9 plus phone. The phone seems to be too heavy for the stick and causes it to rotate down when attempting to use the selfie mode. I tightened it and it still just rotated downwards. It's a shame as I was very excited when I unboxed it. The tripod seemed to work just fine, but I needed it to work in the selfie mode too.
This adapter last almost 2 months. Longer than others I tried but still unacceptably short life.
The length on this charge cable was nice but it wasn't very durable. Mine broke a couple of months after being used. The cord where it connects to the plug broke off. I'm always careful when plugging and unplugging so I didn't get how it broke so fast.
After 16 days it stopped working! LOVED THE LENGTH! But will never buy again due to only working for a short amount of time
The corners don't fit well. Getting ready to return the band. I ordered new fit watch. 3rd try to found the right band.
The product is excellent minus a few points when I tried to answer a call and the caller couldn't hear me. After a few months the right earbud stopped retracting and I tried filing a claim with Asurion, which they just passed on insuring it and said contact the manufacturer, but now I have no phone number or person of contact.... thanks a lot.
My screen cracked after a few days with this case. The case isn't durable itself either. The plastic has chipped on all of the corners.
The case itself is decent. The fingerprint unlock does not work with screen case. Attempted numerous times. It will work on screen but not when in the case.
I absolutely love the look of this. I'm sad to say that it constantly was popping off and I finally lost it. I'm tempted to order another one hoping it was just a fluke that it didn't snap on super tight but probably won't.
Did not work once it was in the water . the pouch camp opening up letting water in thank God my phone is waterproof
Bad fit and dead spots on the screen
My physical key didn't transfer over well. The spring action never smoothly allowed key open when I pressed the button. Everything else lined up smoothly with the chip / board inside and felt of good quality. Still need one sadly.
I like the sturdiness of the case but in just a week the stand ring became too loose to use to stand up my phone from any angle. If it wasn't for the fact that amazon Has become too cheap to send FedEx UPS directly to pick up items of this price from my home even though I'm a prime member, I would have returned or exchanged this. Very disappointed. I had better performance from a cheap promotional pop socket in terms of durability of the stand.
Nice a glass sticker it's on the entire screen but the glass is not so clean..
Just received these in the mail and will say that these look really nice and seem durable. As a few others have mentioned, I compared charging speeds and they do charge very slow. Another thing I didn't like was that they wiggle by the charging port with may or may not mean that the charging speeds are affect but enough to question it. I will be returning them and possible look for a fast charger.
I was very happy with this charger up until now. It's just stopped working, not even 3 months after purchase. There's no rips or anything physically wrong with it, it shows the charging symbol on my phone but it's not giving it any juice. I had it on the charger overnight and my battery is 44%. Not too impressed.
The plastic around the edge broke at the headphone jack within a few weeks. Cheap and not worth it.
The adhesive does not work at all. It stayed up once for the car ride and wouldn't stick after that. Huge disappointment because the rest of it works but pretty useless when it can't stay stuck so it's always falling over
cannot operate this without using 2 hands. doesnt that defeat the point of using it in the car? I didnt realize how difficult it would be to mount it with a pop socket on the back, too
Looks cheaply made. Stripes are not black, but more of a dark shimmery purple. The stripes look like they were printed on to the plastic case, but it was printed on crooked. Definitely would not buy again!
I liked the design and form factor. For this size and what it was supposed to be capable of, I though it was a deal. But IT DOESNT FAST CHARGE. The main reason I bought this one over similar products was for the fast charge capability, so naturally I'm dissatisfied. I guess I got a dud. Which is common for Chinese manufacturers. Not happy but it still works...just not well.
Broke. Literally snapped out of my hand and broke. So sad. I really loved this one.
The product itself looks really good. The problem is that it makes the case itself so slippery to hold onto. It falls out of my pockets so much. I'm thankful my phone hasn't been broken.
Very easy to install. Although its about an eight inch too small on each side. I have a galaxy j7 crown
The case is attractive and seems to offer good protection, but is NOT charger friendly. I have probably a dozen different cords and none of them are able to function effectively with this case on. And I'm not going to take the whole thing on and off each time I want to plug my phone in, so this purchase was basically useless to me.
I love the look but it falls off the watch constantly.
I love the sleek look of this case, but I didn't at all feel like my phone would be protected if I dropped it. The edges bent down pretty easily as well. If you aren't an accident prone sort of person and never drop your phone, this is a great and beautiful case! Otherwise, meh
The rear holes didn't match up properly with the Samsung Galaxy J7
Barely works. Very finnicky to actually get it to charge.
I love the look of this and it's so cute but it falls off often and I don't notice and then I am having to look around and find it because it has fallen off. I wish it would lock around the bands or something so it didn't fall off
I have to turned always up the brightness to see it
The case itself seems fine, but it doesn't work well with my phone so I need to return it. There was no return label included or option for exchange. This is really frustrating and will mean that I will choose a different product.
Feels great but my own opinion not as protective as i like ,2 star is my own opinion
Everything work's fine but, the volume its too low, it doesn't use the 50% of the cars volume. I won't event use it, don't like it and don't recommend anyone to buy it.
nice case, but not protective at all, my phone fell and camera lens cracked.
Used it once hunting and Velcro came off
headphone jack hole not big enough for literally any 1/8" jack.
My phone battery went DOWN while it was on the charger (and fast wireless charging WAS enabled). Samsung Galaxy Note 8
The case fit, but is too slippery. I have to through away the screen protector, since it could not be applied properly.
Like the other review said. It is cute, but did not stick!!
No cover to protect phone
I guess I should've read more reviews before purchasing this product. It is not at all what I expected, but as I was in a hurry when I bought it, I didn't know exactly what I was getting. Touch responsiveness is good. I haven't had any issues with that. The size is a little disappointing. It barely wraps around the edges of the screen, and cuts off the very edge of the display. Not the end of the world, as it's only about 5-10 pixels, but still noticeable. But the adhesive. I had it pop off of my phone twice within the first 20 minutes of use. That's not good. If I drop my phone, this thing is coming right off. I'm also noticing as I write this review that the edges of the screen protector are not even, or straight, and that it can easily be shifted around just by pushing on the edge of the glass with a credit card or fingernail. Overall, I'd get a single screen protector for the same price, or even a little more. Don't waste your money on this garbage.
So I have only had Otter Boxes to protect phones in the smartphone era. This model might protect the phone but the screen protector has a gap that makes the usability very challenging. Thought that over time it would mold but it failed. Worst Case yet. Seller not responding for refund
The shipping was fast but the phone was not in good condition as the seller stated it had scratches and it stated that it didn't have any scuffs of scratches.
The price was good, but the wireless charging stopped working. Have to buy a new one.
Went on easily and seems durable. Not touch sensitive. I have to retype things constantly and my last screen protector never had issues with that. If you don't use your phone much, this will work. If you text or type a lot, get something else.
The suction cups hold well to the glass however the metal sled is slightly too large to fully insert into my Cobra making it difficult to attach and detach. Because it doesn't fully insert, the detector ends up bouncing more than it should. I may need to file the metal down a little to fit better but needing to modify something to make it work the way it's supposed to makes me unhappy.
Not at all happy with item. Stopped wearing it a week after putting it on.
I returned this device after it failed to consistently charge my phones. The 'tilt' feature is nice if it supported larger phones and didn't fall over.
Wished I had read the reviews prior to buying as well. Same thing happen to mine as did to alot of people. It is coming apart already and I've only had it for just over a month.
Well I really enjoyed this watch until last weekend in Moab. While sitting in the relaxing hot tub my watch screen went blank and the watch started to vibrate. I have tried multiple remedies. I believe it is no longer good.
I was really excited about these chargers. At first they worked great. Since purchasing every one has stopped working.
It can hold my phone securely without case but doesn't work with phone case. So to use it the first I have to do is to remove my phone case
I ordered this phone case by mistake. When I tried returning it, they gave me 4 options. I could get a code to be scanned at UPS store for $5.99 and have that amount deducted from my return, I could drop off at USPS for $5.99 and again have it deducted from my return, I could use a UPS dropoff for $5.99 with the deduction once again from my return OR I could have UPS pick it up for $11.99 and owe them money and no return. I was not given the option for printing it out even though the options started with "no printer, no problem!" I only gave them 2 stars instead of 0 stars is because the case looks like quality work through the packaging.
Been using the battery for over a year. the first one I got was busted and the company was quick to get another one back to me. The new one worked well for a while but now it is doing weird things like I leave it charged in the wall for several days and only 2 dots are blinking, it is not as fast to give out the charge so it takes a while to charge. I honestly stopped using them because it was so annoying to deal with all of these issues and my husband has a battery we like better.
I would have to press it down so hard.
I don't like this case at all. Coming from a dreem case on my last 2 phones this thing has most things wrong. The strap that holds the cover closed is attached to the back of the case and makes it so awkward closing the phone when it should be so simple. When in landscape mode to watch a video there the strap is again sticking out like a sore thumb. Who designed this thing. The on/off button is very hard to operate in this case. It takes multiple attempts to turn the phone off/on. Terrible design. In fact other than being a nice looking case this thing is subpar and poorly designed. I really don't understand all the good reviews here. Finally, these type case should be designed to have the phone in a magnetic removable case. Talking on the phone requires folding the case open on this thing and that would be eliminated with the removable case or at least give you the option if you wanted to. Once again the removable magnetic case kills it. That is extremely convienient and something that Dreem came up with and has since been copied by other companies. I definately would not recommend this case. I am waiting for Dreem to come out with the xs max version so I can dump this pig.
Just received these was really upset that these did not fit .. I changed the ear tips but they would not stay in my ears . I was really looking forward to using these.
Looks nice, seems sturdy. But it is almost IMPOSSIBLE to press the side buttons.
I ordered the Batman. It's ok other then that it does not adhere to your phone. They need to change the adhesive.
Disappointing. Can't control iPhone SE with buttons (volume, pause, skip). Thought it was supported. Just plain headphones.
Connections wiggle and cause sound to cut in and out. They are just average sound quality and comfort. Not impressed, sent back for a refund which was promptly given, kudos for that.
I liked this product when I first got it, even though 2 of the cables never worked. Soon after another cable quit and today the entire thing won't work. It was great .... when it worked, both months
At least the second one was not broken i opened the package and the first one had numerous cracks i installed it anyway as installed as i had to be off to work.
With the Juul device & charging port adapter, the case only holds two additional pods. I could live with this if I could close then reopen the case. I could barely open the case initially. I thought that would improve with use. IT didn't. Poor quality!
It worked well when I first got it, but after a month of use, it started tearing and I ended up having to replace it with a different product.
Fits good, has lasted well. Not nearly as protective as other similar cases I've had. I dropped my phone on the case end from counter height and the glass broke at that end. Finished it off when I dropped it from off the top of a stroller, landed face down and the ridge wasn't enough to protect even with tempered glass on there. Shattered tempered glass and actual phone glass. Older cases I've had similar to this one (and cheaper) that stuff didn't hurt the phone at all.
Didn't last very long! Gave it to a friend after I upgraded phones and it only lasted her about a week until it rarely would charge the phone. Planning on returning it.
Returned immediately. It was extremely slippery in my hand and I knew it would lead to me dropping it a lot.
Cheaply made, doesn't pair half the time, and the sound cuts in and out a lot.
The case is more ROSE gold than a metallic gold that the picture displays. Good case, but more on the feminine side.
Case started peeling after a month
It's a Good case but it Turns Yellow after a while
Does the job.... but poorly. Not very fashionable either. There are better options on the the market.
The wallet part of the Case is nice but the part that holds my LG Zone 4 is loose and doesn't hold the phone well its almost like it was stretched out and used before on a slightly bigger phone. Not impressed at all might return.
Like other reviewers have said, this only seals on edges and is not fingerprint resistant. Returning and trying a different brand.
Broke just shy of a year. The prongs that slide into the vent snapped. Until that though we used it in 2 cars w 2 different phones no issues.
This is my second OTTER Box for my phone. I changed only as I was tired of the black and gray and wanted a color I would see. This one is not very old but it has cracked. I am most unhappy with this event.
Worked for the first 3 days then one earbud on each set stopped working. You get what you pay for !
I bought this tracker for my son as a Christmas gift. He started wearing in on 25th and really loved it. On 30th, I realized that the face of the tracker had some scratches and he didn't know how it happened. I emailed the seller to inform the issue. In fact, before buying this tracker, I read reviews and found out 1 case, it was scratched and seller exchanged new piece for the customer. The exchange piece was working well since then. That was why I decided to take it and thought defect was just odd. Waiting for them to solve my problem...Will update when I got their final solution
I don't know how they can list up to 16 mile range. We just used these for a drive from Florida to Pennsylvania. It probably should say range of 1.6 miles. It definitely did not have over a 2 mile range. If you were close to the other car they worked fine, but honestly anything over a mile was bad or not at all. These did not meet my need for them at all.
first couple of days worked great sounded awesome. around the 3rd day there is a skip in the sound every few minutes which is very annoying during your favorite songs.
This screen protector constantly fogs up. Also, there's a black border around it that blocks just enough of the screen to make some things impossible.
It did not fit my phone or friends phone that was the size it was made for!
I like the privacy screen. However, I dislike that it makes it hard to type and the back button does not work with the screen.
One was broken upon receipt and the other broke in a few days after I installed it.
Battery was die! Seller sent the new one. But navigation system doesn't work correctly. Sad((( too many problem. By the way, the new one battery getting dead after less then a half of year (((
It was pretty but was VERY slippery and I don't feel it would provide much protection. I returned it.
This charger replacement broke for me just the other day. I've been using it for less than a year. The charging cord also never actually fit all the way into the clip adapter for the watch, making it feel cheeply made.
Good case but did not support phone as a stand.
It's VERY hard to use the phone because the protective cover is not the best.
Two of the antistatic bags were already opened. We'll find out if there are any issues when I assemble the parts later this week, since the 2 day delivery on my other parts has turned into 4 days or more.
I have used bluetooth earpieces over the years, usually leaning towards Motorola or Plantronics. My last Motorola died, so I tried this one based on reviews. I've never used the over-the-ear clips, always relying on the in-the-ear attachment, which has always worked great. Stays in while working out, etc. None of the in-the-ear attachments fit well to ensure a snug fit. I found it difficult to press the button to connect with a call. The object itself is narrow, and fairly dimensional (so not very flush with your head). I'd go to press the button and it would roll, come out of my ear, etc. I purchased 2 (always like having a back-up), but am sending the unopened one back, and will continue my search.
Still stuck to phone, but broke. Could use one flat edge on ring. How do I remove it from my phone after the gem amd ring broke off?
It's took forever to 100% charge phone and battery both.
2 stars because while it works as advertised and charges my phone perfectly, the design of the vent clip and ball joint make this overall unit far too heavy to keep your phone from flopping back and forth every time you turn your car. I supposed this could be a fault of the vent louvers themselves but other vent clip phone holders don't suffer from this problem because they hold the phone unit very close/flush against the vent itself....allowing very little side to side movement. By comparison, this design has the actual charger/phone holder being held out a full 3-4” away from the vent. Good for airflow, but fails to serve the purpose of the unit itself as the phone will just flop back and forth constantly. Very annoying. Not recommended.
These headphones are not what I was wanting. The most damning aspect of them is that when I have my phone in my pants pocket, they sound cuts off because the bluetooth can't penetrate the fabric of my shorts and reach the headphones. This doesn't necessarily happen when I am indoors and stationary, but when I'm walking down the street for my commute, it happens nearly every time. In that situation, I have to hold the phone in my hand at chest height for the headphones to work properly. The other gripe that I have is that the plastic piece that goes behind the neck is one piece and is too small for me. This causes the headphones to be pulled out at an angle when I wear them. I did report my issue of the connectivity to the seller, and they were very gracious in sending me another pair, but the second pair had the exact same issue. These are not worth purchasing in my opinion unless you plan on using them in a static position with your device nearby.
The charger works great with a wall charger, but they are no good when you connect them to your car usb input. It always says check connection with any of my cars usb inputs.
The charging part does not work. It has a great design and functionality. No issues except the charging portion doesn't work no matter what i try.
The case looked really nice, and it was very functional. Was impressed with the multiple viewing angles it would provide (as opposed to most other cases that give you 3 or so). Felt the product was a bit expensive, but it did have a premium feel. However within a week, the corner bumpers started gradually falling apart. Not sure if we simply got a dud, or whether the corner bumpers were simply cheaply made, but considering we have never dropped or bumped it against anything, very disappointing that they started falling apart. Now 3 weeks in, the two top bumpers are almost completely gone.
Two iPhone XRs, each in an otter box commuter case and both phone's screen protectors have chipped around the edges with less than 6 weeks of use. Mine has nicked in 4 places and the wife's in 2 spots. Will not buy again.
Way to expensive for an average black case
I can't find a contact seller on here. The case was working perfectly fine until today. It's fully charged but it won't charge my phone at all. All the circles light up, showing that it's full but than it just all go away.
These cables don't stay snug in the port and can disconnect very easily. Decent lightweight construction.
I followed the directions exactly, including waiting overnight to use it after applying, and was pretty happy with it for a while -- it was easy enough to apply and no bubbles. Strangely enough, after a couple weeks it started feeling soft and rubbery, and my fingernails left indentations everywhere. I still kept it on though. A couple months later it randomly came off completely while it was in my purse, which was odd because it wasn't lifting at the edges or anything. Never experienced that from a screen protector before.
The magnetic system does not hold the phone to well. It just falls apart when dropped. The clips around the phone are barely large enough to provide decent protection to your phone. So I'm having to be extra careful with my phone.
I also bought one of these for my new IPhone and while it does look nice, this bumper offers little protection. For the case to work properly it needs to fit tight, this bumper comes off very easy. Matter of fact it can come off just by pulling out of my back pocket. Anyway I dropped my phone from about waist high and the phone's back chipped. Be warned!
These charging cords did not last me more than two months. They keep going on and off with charging and I had to keep an eye on them to make sure they were working. Would NOT recommend.
Stopped charging after only a couple of uses.
Fits the V50 perfectly, love the kickstand. The inner plastic cracks really easy, won't survive a 4 foot fall without cracking. In the picture there's a crack in 3 corners. Phone will remain in good condition but I will say not sure for how long. Wouldn't recommend this case. Edit-Replacement has been received thanks to being under warranty.
I received this case with stains on the bottom portion of the case. Stains? On a new case? It appears to be used and scuffed along the back. I first contacted the seller, Caseology, and that was useless. The seller requested photos which I happily sent and then told me to just return it to amazon. All i wanted was an exchange with the same phone in new condition. Not stained and scuffed when i pull it out of the box. Amazon you really dropped the ball on this one. And Caseology, I expected actual customer service not a generic email passing the buck. I give tne case 2 stats because I woyld like it but Amazon let me down and I refuse to pay for a used item marked as new.
Comes with two cables and outlet dock has 3 slots. It takes forever (~4 hours) to fully charge an iPad Pro 12.9 3rd generation which is pretty ridiculous. Additionally there's a lag between the time you plug in the charger to a device and when it starts charging.
Work fine up until March 30th after the warranty ran out one of the speakers quit working
after all was said and done, the fuse was defective and the fuse holding block broke easily upon disassembly when I went to measure with a multimeter. Wire is of acceptable quality for the price, however I wouldnt recommend using any of the provided connection terminals. Length was just long enough for my mustang, so dont expect much for an SUV or full size truck unless your battery is in the back.
I had a lot of trouble putting the screen protector on without bubbles underneath... I dropped my phone 2 days later and not only did the screen shatter but the screen saver shattered! And that point it was impossible to use because I was dealing with the cracks in the glass protector as well as the cracks to the original screen
It does not fit the sides on the phone and it isn't private either. It's really a huge waste of money.
The installation was easy, but my camera is no longer in focus after installing the replacement glass.
the pawls from the dog came broken.
I purchased this watch for the HR monitor and GPS specifically. Well, I got the GPS to work twice before a run outside. After that it does not connect and all I get is “wait ‘. I went on Garmin website which is not helpful at all. The Garmin connect app is not that user friendly for a non- techy. So frustrating. I really was excited for this watch. Major let down.
I do like that this case snaps together completely. I like the look of the case as well. It's not to bulky either. What I didn't like was not being able to use the fingerprint sensor. Also there is no cut out for the speaker at the top of the phone for you to listen. And because of that when your talking the whole case vibrates. Wish there was a cutout. That would definitely help. This case is more for a hands free person of which I am not. Wish I could send it back.
On my s10 the case fits well however the bottom is very flimsy. The silcone feels like it will break over time. I expected a more firm and hardened grip at the bottom of the case. Disappointed with this spigen case this time for my new phone.
the charging tip fell off after a month of use
Cheap quality, I ordered wrong size.
I had purchased this for my samsung galaxy and the installation did not go well, the video states you should use a case to help guide the installation but because I didn't have one I couldn't use that case it was a mess. Somehow dust got underneath the sticky part of the shield and there is absolutely no way to get ride of it. Don't recommend
I have an iPhone Xr and the magnet was way too weak to hold it. Heavy base and metal finish is nice.
I got the desert tan and green case. The green looks good. But on the tan plastic case which holds it together has a light red/orange tinted to it as if it's been worn out and degrading. But I've only had the case for 48 hours. I dont know if it's cheap material or plastic. But a little disappointed. I've heard good things about these cases and had high hopes....
The case is ripping apart around the charging port area and the volume buttons area. i had the same case before and it didn't happen until I bought a new one but then I returned to this case because of how lightweight it was. Not happy this time around though...
Had to use all 3 screens that came with the kit before I could get one with proper adhesion. Two of them had defects in the glass: no amount of pressure was going to remove it (I thought it was an air bubble until I removed it and looked at it with a magnifying glass. The alignment frame is great, but nothings going to help if the product is defective
I wanted to like this screen protector, it looks great and the rounded edges are really nice. The first one broke within 3 days without even dropping it. I had it in my front pocket, took it out and the corner was cracked. Nothing else was in my pocket so I was kinda perplexed on how that was even possible. I went to install the 2nd one and it would not apply without bubbles so I just gave up. I've installed many different types of screen protectors so it wasn't user error, it just constantly bubbled like there was something stuck to the bottom of it. Would be helpful if they also provided a frame to assist with installation. Not thrilled, going to order elsewhere at this point since now I have no screen protector.
Loved the color but doesn't fit right and need to return it
Easy install. High quality. NOT adhesive all over, JUST around the edges. Disappointed because their other cases are adhesive all over.
Not suitable for S7 edge. Badly made cheap plastic, the seller sells this case for only $5.00 in his store.
It broke after two weeks. The button that turns it on was pushed in and got stuck. Now it won't turn on.
Phone has never had good Wi-Fi connection, has limited range for calls and texts, even though people with the same phone have good reception at the same locations. what's up with that?
This case, maybe it's this ones specific they sent me. It keeps turning on and off and it gets annoying! Maybe something with the battery makes it come on and off.
This type of case probably offers the highest level of protection of both the display AND body of your Apple Watch. Unfortunately, because there is hard plastic between your fingers and the actual display, touch responsiveness is SEVERELY impacted. I have tested the case out for over two weeks and have decided I just can't live with the unresponsiveness, and am now looking for another solution. I find myself actually reaching for my iPhone to reply to a message after making several attempts to dictate a response on my watch and it not recognizing my touch. This is disappointing, because I really like the protection the case provides. Pretty sure my watch would have already been cracked without it.
It went on okay , they tend not to stay on. Im trying the liquid now
Durable and flexible, but does not fast charge my Galaxy S8.
Bought Aug. 14th 2018. Worked just fine until Oct. 20th 2018 when it would no longer recognize my 2s LiPo batteries. Unfortunately last return date was Sept. 13th 2018. If you get this I recommend spending a few extra bucks to get the extended warranty. I'm out $50.00 + bucks and without a way to charge my 2s batteries.
Definitely a waste of money, two out of the three that we put on our phones have already lost stickiness/keep coming off the phone, and one completely just broke after a day of use.
These are probably the worst cords I have ever bought. I was intrigued by the combination of sizes and the price, but it has been slightly over a month and they are all dead.
Would not stay on my case, and I had to add double sided tape to get it to stay put. But it's very cute.
It's a super cute print but it's literally just a thin print on a white band. I've had it for about 2 weeks and the print had worn off on most of it already.
I was excited about getting these, but now I can't get them to connect to my iPhone. Can anyone help?
I actually really liked this watch until 1 month in it stopped working/charging. Missed the return day by 2 days. Very disappointed that I spent that much for a watch for one month.
What I like: light weight. Build-in USB. What I don't like: 1-The build-in USB is hard to put back into the body slot after use. I had to wriggle it couple of times to get it in. 2- Power bank failed to charge my phone after 5 months. (it get charged 100% , but won't charge to phone, I had to wriggle the USB when plugged into the phone, sometimes it will make the connection, more than often...it doesn't.
I only had two screen protectors in the box. I used the white guide case and when I went to press the corners down the bottom left corner cracked. The screen protector was longer than the white guide case so I just put my last one on without the guide case but now I don't have any extra ones.
Lasted less than a year. Plugged in one night to charge iPhone and next morning when I woke up Phone was dead. No charge was made and I was not going to have my phone ready for work. I tested on another iPhone to see if Battery issue was the case. Same thing; no charge at all.
The clasp on the band is way too bulky and clashes. Otherwise it is solidly built and looks alright but huge stitches and looks pretty cheap.
I just bought the Pixel 3XL and the charge on this is slow.
Thankfully they came in a 4 pack. I like them, especially because I have 4 kids, so my hands are always full and I can't afford to break my phone. However these were the reason I switched to a Popsocket, after the ring is turned around and pulled out then put flat so many times, it would just break off.
These worked really well at first. All of our devices were charging quickly. After approximately two months they have all stopped charging all of our devices.
Nice sturdy looking but I've had 2 go bad already
Longer cords are slooooooow charging and they wear out within two weeks. Not worth the effort to return so you're just out the cash.
One of the cords stopped working within a week with very light use. Just spend a little more and get another brand
The bad: only one speed/option works. The second does not. The goods. Fits to tub nicely, clear instructions and unit is small.
The part that holds your phone doesn't tilt very well
Had less than a week, and it's already cracked. Good thing it's a twin pack. And no, I didn't drop it... This time.
Nice case but unable to charge my Galaxy S7 edge while in the case.
Very bulky huge in size, it takes very long time to get it changed +10 hours
Cute for now but I know these rhinestones will pop out soon making it less cute. Not functional for a loop stand in Portrait mode only for Landscape mode. It keeps falling down in Portrait mode. The loop is not as practical as my previous case's was and definitely not for fat fingers as it's fairly small. Case has this weird flim on it so that it is almost powdery to the touch. Not pleasant maybe it will wear or wash off.
Unreliable. Don't have a sustained connection to charge.
Trouble its goes off all the time
Doesn't fit my Note 8 or my wife's Galaxy S6. The neck needs to be at least an 1.25 inches longer to accommodate either phone without a case one
Hopefully my experience is rare because these were my favorite headphones until they died. Good sound quality. Great battery life (+1 star good). But battery quit taking a charge after 3 weeks.
The case does not fit 😳
It is nice and seems well built i don't know yet, but its warped on one end which has caused issues with my screen protector and one sensitivity. It doesn't lie seemless. I bought 2 this one and another one for the same phone the other once is seemless. Id relly like a replacement i think its a manufacturer defect.i need it seemless as possible for the job i do.
Didn't work for phone calls. Would broadcast sound for music applications but not for phone calls.
charged the earphone overnight twice and battery wouldn't last for more than a day. Tried to contact customer support but it seems customer support and replacement is only available within the USA.
Great product but I have had to replace the belt clip numerous times because of the fragile clip hinge that keeps breaking.
It works well with the computer but is so flimsy that it broke the first time I tried to change the cassette. The head that reads the cassette got out of place. I am not sure if t is all of the products but mine definitely was not very good.
These were great for 3 months then they all stopped working at the same time.
Didn't fit the hole of my motorcycle, make sure stem works for your motorcycle because it not universal
Will I got these back in Dec and now one of them I use all them time dose not work right it anymore and only charge half the time
I liked this for about a month! Then the credit card storage part stopped working. The little flap won't stay shut anymore.
I did not like the fact that it did (and still does) make it truly difficult to manouver the on/off bottom.
It worked great for about two months and then stopped working. Looks expensive and great material, but is cheap. Wouldn't buy again.
Really flimsy and falls off all the time. I only use it if I have to.
I love the ease of installing this screen protector but after two weeks it has already scratched I multiple places and cracked in the bottom corner. I really wanted to like this cover because of how nice it looked on my phone but it broke way to easily.
The touch sensitively is terrible. Although it's case friendly the fact that the glass doesn't cover the whole screen makes it difficult to access and touch the letters on the outsides of the keyboard and you must mash down harder. I received two and both had the same effect. I gave up complaining anymore.
Very cheap but does the job in a gentle environment.
Last for a month but if you're constantly using your phone the case starts to peel
The band is too large, clunky for a womans wrist.
It was good for a while. Stop charging wiring inside broke off. NOTE TO SELF DONT USE METAL PLATE (magnet mount) BEHIND THIS RECEIVER! It will melt your phone and case.
It's dim even when you look at it straight. And when you are in the sun, you CAN NOT SEE anything, even with the brightness up.
So far I'm not impressed. As soon as I put the case on my phone and attempted to use the kickstand, the stand fell off.
The case is good but heavy. The screen protector is of poor quality. The front side of it is really dirty and seems it may break any moment. The case protects the phone well & seems to be of a better quality as compared to the screen protector.
Broke after 3 months, not happy!
The case looks very chic and girly. Although, I ran into a problem, due to tight fit it's so difficult to removed it from my phone now. it's been few months now and I still can't get it out of my phone. I'm afraid if I forced it my phone will get damaged as well 😔
Worked great, until it stopped working after 2 weeks. Power button stopped functioning.
These are really good...when they are not cutting out! If I look to my right the sound goes away. It's like a short, so maybe it's just the pair that I have. I'm ready to return. Also, whenever they turn on THEY'RE LOUD! A loud POWER ON accompanied with a disturbing buzz, every time.
Couldn't get kick stand to work.
Broke twice, the same day I got it
It is my second time purchase. I did not have problems with my first one. With the second one , I have to charge it twice a day if I used it to charge my phone. The charger becomes very warm that I did not want to use it again.
Owned case for over 2 months. Noticed after first month when I removed for cleaning that I had hairline scratches all along my brand new iPhone X. I got the case 2 days after purchasing the phone. There is no reason why my phone should have scratches along edge of phone. Fitment is good. The blue chrome paint is chipping in corners. It is not scratch resistant on the back as advertised. Would have never got the case had I known the plastic would scratch edge of my chrome edge. Love the thin design but that's about it.
Made J3 go wacky, too tight
Color of the phone is beautiful. But it honestly offered for protection for my phone when it dropped several times under my supervision.
Looked cheap, had a hard time using side buttons. Returned it.
The outer case is brittle. A corner broke the first time I took it off. Also the buttons are hard to use with the cover on.
I am using the phone for almost 4 months now, and I've been using it as my primary phone, there is a problem with the network signal for sure! At my home, there are 5 phones and all of them are working fine except for this one! most of the time there is no signal, or really weak and not reliable. Other than that, everything is perfect, but what is a PHONE without the ability to make and receive calls!!!
Difficult to install.
No good for note 8. Won't hold for long.
Bad sound quality while using this, good protection but everyone I speak with complains the sound is garbled...like the previous model but no longer available-too bad
Plugged into both a computer and a wall outlet. Both times it started charging and showed a green light. Shortly after, it began flashing blue and stopped charging. I tried it with an OtterBox and without an OtterBox. Tried repositioning it, tried changing the cord it came with, and tried a different outlet. Same result each time. Really bummed about this because it looked nice on my desk at work.
won't connect to wireless headset
I really like the look and feel of the case, but it is slightly too big for the phone. It is very thin and has no lip to protect the screen so it's pretty much only going to protect it from scratches Returning
Sound was ok. Also comfort. But after two months wire at connector shorted out.
Disappointed since Adapter does not work with rapid charger!
Returning as I drops my calls from earpiece to phone all of the time. Comfortable in ear & sound quality good, but won't stay set to answer calls.
Not the same color as in pictures, flimsy and bulky
The wireless charging feature is a pain in the ass to get to work, I've gotta treat it like a ouija board to find the sweet spot and 9/10 can never find it and have to use a cord. First time using a cord I snapped the internal piece off because it was too stiff. Material seems very cheap as well. Wouldn't recommend personally
Received the package faster than I thought. The headphones are somewhat comfortable sound quality is not that great for music but good for videos what I did not like was the battery life they die in like 30min, kept disconnecting from my phone and wouldn't pair with my smartwatch.
After only using this product for a week it lost the stickiness to it and fell off ....
I bought this as a replacement for my Samsung Pro2 that I am disappointed with. This came with no instructions, the language is not in English, and I do not know if it holds a charge or not. Needless to say, the sales pitch was a far distance from the product received.
The holder does hold the Galaxy S8 phone with a hard style otter box cover well, however the clip does not work well for a Toyota FJ cruiser style vent. The entire holder and phone falls off with bumps (possible the vent slats are too small for the weight). It does appear it would work well on my 2018 Toyota Camry style vent however I use a Galaxy S7 with the thicker rubbery otter box. The holder will not work with this thicker otter box cover.
After couple of weeks working very bad. No charger and headphones.
Took 2 months of use and finally the connector that holds it to the vent became loose and won't get tight up any more. Plus, your Galaxy s9 will not sit in completely in the holder if you are charging your phone at the same time. I stopped using it
Great case...for the first two weeks. Then it falls apart, looks horrid and is no use for water or for shock because the corners blow out if you even look at them. Seriously, at an MSRP of $80, this thing should be bulletproof, but a drop from 3 inches onto the dinner table renders it useless. Not to mention the headphone jack and charger port covers fall off in your pocket. It be ok if it cost $15, but at $80 it feels like a complete rip-off.
Very cheaply made. spend the money and buy a name brand. Shortly after the return window closed this camera states that that the memory card is full. I bought a new larger memory card and it does the same thing. I wish I just bought the name brand I was going to buy. Oh well, buyer beware.
Comfortable and sleek fit, but that's about it. I'm not super picky about audio but there is NO bass in these at all. It just makes any genre of music sound horrible, and just not right... it's like they turned up the highs and mids, and turned the bass to negatives on an equalizer. Bummer.
I purchase 3 of these CHARGERS. All 3 are doing the same. Will not charge correctly with cube adapter. They seem to charge correctly by using power strip with USB ports. Tried different cubes and different cell phone.....go figure.
I mean, it looks good, but the shape doesn't allow you to make contact with the power and volume buttons. You're going to be frustrated, so just giggle at the thought of what people might say if they saw you with this and move on. Not worth the price.
The kickstand wouldn't stay down after 2 months. People cannot hear you when you make phone calls. Need to use headphones, speaker mode kind of works.
Doesn't stay charged. It will lose connection to the phone. I'm a driver. I use it for work.
With lens attached the phone will not focus on any object from down here to the moon. The macro lens works OK so there's that.
This does not fit snug to the watch. There is air space around the entire watch under the screen
Super heavy and bulky. Would not recommend.
I actually busted this case trying to take it off my phone. I'm not even rough about things. That isn't ideal at all... Looks nice though!
My music will play for a little less than 5 mins and then then it turns off and my phone will say that the accessory isn't supported by my iPhone?.. I have the 7plus so I'm not sure why it's not working correctly, but it's kind of a bummer.
Needs 4 wire clips and two boxes one steering controls, video grounding run under car to rear camera thru front floor under stereo , boxes for stereo programing need special box to program, to any new install needs clip wires to existing wires, if steering wheel controls vol,change channels, or just use remote.
holster broke after two weeks with very mild use , But the case is secure
SO, SO... nothing special about it... I saw a daily lighting deal for $30.00 that had more features than this overpriced "whatever it's name is" Sumsung smart watch...
This battery is definitely a fake... but a very high quality one. It even comes with the little case for the battery and everything just like Samsung's retail packaging. Samsung surely stopped making Note 4 batteries quite some time ago. All that are left are old stock, probably bad due to poor storage conditions, and counterfeits. Sadly, this battery is very low capacity. It will drain quite quickly. It does, however, charge at a decent rate with low heat dissipation.
I haven't had this even a full week, and look how bad it has become discolored!! So if you EVER put your phone in your pocket, don't get this!! Mine goes in my pocket all the time and it's bad! Other than the discoloring it's a good case...
My iphone 8 looses charging signal and have to reposition
I knew there was a reason that i did not like the idea of using a tempered glass screen protector. I am not hard on phones and rarely drop mine. I purchased this against my better judgement, because I was told they had been improved. The install went OK not flawlessly though. It took three attempts to get it right. It has been 12 days since the package was delivered and there is already a chip along the edge. In the time since this protector has been installed I dropped it once on a soft surface. I have no idea how it could be dropped a get a small chip in the middle of one of the side edges but it did. It came as a 2-pack. I will use the second protector, but when they gets damaged I will be going back to non-tempered glass protectors, be it the plastic film type or the liquid nano protection.
Looks very good but will break easily! I will buy others but I know they want last very long
Not only is the case not staying closed, but I wiped it with a baby wipe (since my hands were dirty while using it) and some of the rubber/plastic is coming off. It's already hard to find cases for my phone, but I guess I will have to already get another one.
The blue tooth worked great. The puff ball fell of the first day I wore it. Make sure to sew it down, you will lose it.
I still like the previous set up that just one PH number can be called by anyone from the US. This time around is one US number calls 5 PH numbers. I don't call so often but at least the old way was better since my family and relatives in the US can call the same person in the PH. In fact, we only need to call one person in the PH. Now, each one of my family members in the US has to spend $15 to call one person in the PH. this maybe just my personal issue but what a money making scheme for globe. not helping as it used to.
After using it for only 2.5 months the pocket started to get loose finally today. My 2 credits card slip out and I have to report a lost.....
I used one of them and it worked the first few times but doesn't work anymore. Recommend purchasing amazon basics iphone charger instead.
The product cable is not upto par. It shows as not being able to be used in my 2016 mustang gt usb port. I had to purchase a separate Samsung oem charger for my galaxy s8+.
Considering it's a generic item it worked well for a bit. What I did not like is that it was way too big to fit into the slot for he S pen on my Tab A.
Poor quality. Brought it on vacation, and dropped it off the edge of a chair onto a deck, it looked fine, however later that day I noticed a crack on the back of the case, from the Apple emblem to the speaker ports
Very disappointed with this purchase.... was great the first day after I put the tempered glass on the phone then after the first day the touch screen stop working in certain areas of the screen. You would have to press the screen harder than normal. This makes the phone incredibly inconvenient as the touch screen is needed for just about everything on the phone.
I only received the silver case. I would miss the transparent case
I'm not complaining too much but I expected a teal color not neon blue.
Not easy to use, to big for a lady to wear, instructions are not very clear on using it.
I am not sure if there is a warranty on these, but mine stopped working.
The case actually begin to expand over time and was no longer form fitting to my phone, especially when in warm situations (holding the phone in my hand actually made it warm enough for the back of the case to begin to "wave" and to cause the case to lose its form fit.)
Ring doesn't stand like the pics. Good as a ring holder but terrible helping positioning the phone. Too loose to stay in one position.
This product stopped working after about 2 weeks. It charges my phone but will not work with headphones. I tried contacting the seller directly to get a new one but had not heard back. I would not recommend this product at all
Outer edge started to peel up two weeks into usage. Doesn't give the best quality screen protection.
This was a nice case but it prevents you from using a regular charger. I couldn't fit the charger into the port on the phone due to the bulky interference from the case. The case does not provide a wide enough opening for the charger to connect. I had to get another case. So I wasted money and had to get a new case.
Ok for being so cheap. They busted after about 6 months of daily use, which is honestly all I expected. They sounded great so if they could last longer than they would be perfect.
You gotta be kidding me, this headset isn't any good, with it on i can still hear the tv thats how low they are, no bass....the headset is black but has white lines on the plastic that shows its build cheap! for sure a return. I would save your money and order a different set from another company
Cheaply made, not work the money.
Sorry, IThe adhesive is too strong. I wripped the back off my remote trying to move it to another location. Now I have a broken remote. The patches are too big for small usage. I tried to cut it in half, buy it was not agreeable and left a ragged edge. Plus 10 in the package is too many for 1 household use. I would not buy again.
Great case but they sent the wrong size. I had to send it back.
It holds my phone, but if I wear it on the outside of my arm, the fact that it rotates is meaningless. I can't see the display unless I rotate the the unit to the front of my arm where it's not comfortable to wear. Look at the pictures and imagine where your eyes are. See? Doesn't work.
I loved the look of it! However i was unable to put my phone case on. Once i put my case of it made it very hard to touch the screen. I got very frustrated with not being able to text or scroll.
Didn't support fingerprint and didn't protect my phone as claim...drop my phone it came off and scratch my screen...good thing I did t take off the screen protection that my phone came with...
The phone case is really hard to take off. It does put some wear and tear to the Buttons and edges of the phone. Mine also started leaking after 2 months.
The look and feel of the case was nice, initially, but the finish quickly wore off (2 months of use). It looks really beat up and dirty even though it gets cleaned thoroughly every day.
Just got phone just got case... case 0/1 on drops... Dropped from stomach height in parking lot, screen/corner of phone shattered (just like it would of without a case)
I bought this charger for my Galaxy S6. When I received it I thought it seemed a little cheaply built, but was going to give it a fair shake. I installed it on the dash of my truck and plugged it in using the Fast Charging port. I like that no matter where I put my phone in the charger it picked it up and charged it. It also held the phone pretty well. What I did not like is that it never gave the fast charge that it claimed it would. I even tried my other fast charging brick that I know normally works. The second and larger issue is that, about a month after getting the charger I bought a new car, well there was no room to install it on the dash so I used the supplied suction cup to attach it to the window. Everything was great and it was stable and charging. The problem is that when I left work that afternoon and got to my car, the entire assemble and cradle of the phone holder were incredibly warped and partially melted. Granted it was hot out that day, but not that hot. Very cheap plastic.
When I first got the battery it seemed to hold a charge I've had it about e months that no longer is the case.
Dislike The Fact That This Screen Protector Doesn't Cover The Full Screen Of My Lg V35 Thinq.
Have had the so far. One arrived unworking. One stopped working shortly after arrival. Third one is working, for now.
All of the cords failed after 6 months of use. Wrote to the company to see if they would honor a warranty and have not received any response. It has been over 2 wks!
Cracked easily. Amazon replaced, but second one didn't fit correctly
Case is made of cheap plastic that held up the fisrt few drops but then broke.
Not wide enough. Length is fine. But now there is a space on both sides between the edges of the screen protector and my phone case. Annoying, constantly having to clean crap out. For the price though is the reason it got 2 stars, but I don't recommend. I'll be buying new ones.
The first time I plugged it in with my headphones it didn't work at all, then I turned it over and it worked. Then I go to plug in the charger in the charging slot and it stops working. Had to go back and forth plugging and unplugging things until it worked. When you bend it a certain way it stops working. Definitely a headache.
A few weeks ago, it started blinking. Now the power will come in, but you can't charge out. I just missed the return window by a few days.
I bought a similar mirror before from another manufacturer but decided to give this one a a try with hope that their camera would be more accurate when it came to showing the true distance objects behind me really where. I wish I had just gone with the previous one I had bought. Not only is the distance inaccurate but the quality/clarity of this camera is not as good as my other one. At least my other camera's quality is crystal clear and perfectly adjust itself for night vision. This one's night vision isnt good, it gets distorted easily from cars head lights and even during the day it doesn't adjust the glare as well. It's an ok camera if you just need some sight of what's behind you.
I've had this case a few months now. I love the convenience of the card slot (holds 3) but this case does not provide ample protections. I recently dropped my phone and the screen cracked.
Installation directions made the task seem too hard and confusing.
Seems like good quality, but one protector was broken (see photo). Since the other is fine this leads me to believe it was boxed broken.
Works but cheaply made.
The only type of device this cable is good for is a micro usb. The Apple plug worked for 3 months and the type c never worked. Also the cord is 2 feet to short. You have been warned.
It's only been two weeks since I bought it for my wife and the case already has signs of cracks in front. It's not like my wife works in construction. Looks great at the beginning but nobody knows how long this thing will last, like your marriage lol
Feels great in my hand Love the look, but the case well not let you charge your Nintendo lite with the case on. Extremely upsetting. Wouldn't recommend buying.
This is the second case like this that I have bought within the past 6 months and the power putting on the right hand side has broken off twice. I thought it was a fluke thing on the first case. But now both cases have had the same issue. Extremely disappointing seeing as I liked the look, feel and functionality of the case.
The cases purpose worked as i needed it to but the card slip came lifted which was suppose to be glued down properly. My cards fell out a few times because the slip was to loose.
Only adheres to certain surfaces
The case did not protect my phone when I dropped it from less than 2 feet off the floor. The screen cracked quite badly. After getting the screen fixed for $200, I trashed this phone case.
Needed a new antenna for the truck I drive, but found this " magnetic antenna" weak will not adhere to the metal roof, so have not used it.
I believe i received at least one defective cord. One of them charges my iphone7 extremely slow. By slow, I mean about 6% - 7% in an hour! The other one is much faster, although not as fast as the apple cord that came with the phone (around 30% in an hour). I wish I didn't waste my money on this purchase.
I have only had the cord for about a month and i have had different problems with several cords.
Enjoyed it while it worked for the most part. Already stopped charging. Downside when it did work was that it would flash blue- so kind of annoying when trying to go to sleep. It did charge quickly.
Hello, A few months ago I purchased this screen protector trying to make my phone last longer screen cracked free. It had been working well but after some months I dropped my phone and the screen cracked what is weird is that the screen protector is not cracked. So yeah screen protector is durable but it did not protect my screen at all. Too bad.
not what I was looking for
Cracks easily on minor drop/low drop. Fits perfectly.
This case is pretty, but it doesn't charge my phone. When I charge the case with my wall charger the lights come on and it seems to be working , but when I take the case off the charger it only charges for 2 minutes. In the middle of the day at work I'll turn the case on to charge my phone and it completely doesn't work. Don't buy! It's designed to look cute, but it doesn't work as a charger.
This phone not only does it continually say it's not registered and won't let me use it, but the ear buds that came with it, kept sending electrical shocks to my ears, and I can't use them!
The case is so cute!! But they sent me a bent one. I don't know whose fault it was.. but disappointing.
Does not work, and I think it's too late to get a refund.
Does what it is meant to in some terms but is far too loose to be as effective as it should be.
It doesn't fit good with the phone, in does not stick in the sides
I was excited to get this screen protector because it claims to cover the whole screen and shows on the picture that there is black border on top and bottom. Also gives the impression that it's a full circle around the home button. It's none of the above. Does not cover the screen fully, doesn't have black trimming on top nor bottom and is not a closed circle around home button. Very disappointed, advertising is misleading.
The rose design is beautiful and it feels great when holding the case, because it's really smooth. But, the quality of the case is subpar. The corners of the case was not properly glued on so the plastic is sticking out and could possibly come off with normal wear and tear. Would not really recommend this case for long term use.
Not an unlocked phone ... a VERIZON phone belonging to someone ... missing accessories.
to many ads popping up
Belt clip was brittle and broke the first day I used it.
These worked for about 7 weeks then the sound was not clear. Also, when talking on the phone using these, the person on the other side said that there was a lot of crackling and could not hear me. I recommend spending a little more then wasting money on these.
I wanted to use this for my yoga book but surprisingly all of them were not sticking, may be it was a one off issue, returning it, I will order a new one to see if it works else will have to look for another brand
missing a few bits. quality is medium-low
Not exactly what I expected it to look like, but dosent look bad, I put it on my phone case and it sticks super well, but I put it on a phonecase I don't want it on and can't get it off
I like the long cords but I don't like the charger, I thought they would have been good chargers but they aren't they worked good in the beginning I have only owned these for a month and now they are starting now to charge my phone
This works great for my iPhone charger, but for cords with larger ends (Kindle charger for example) the "mouth" area is too small . Needs to be redesigned.
Only one is working now
Bought this so while flying I could stand and reach the overhead bin. Sound was decent, but the first slight off-center tug on the cable and I lost the right channel. Was able to "jiggle" it back into working for the rest of the flight, but with static. Would not recommend for anything other than stationary use.
Doesn't do rapid charging with my pixel 2.
Looks great. Did not hold up as well as I figured it would. The pink starts flaking, I only wore it a little under a Month. I would not buy this again. Not good for everyday wear.
I ordered this originally as a gift for my husband, but it arrived with a broken piece. I sent it back and ordered a replacement of the same product. It arrived broken in the exact same place as the first one! Very disappointed and annoyed since I wasted time replacing it just to get another defective item.
Does not stick well to my case. Maybe it's better directly on phone or other cases.
I ordered this replacement charger in April and it worked great to charge my Fitbit Blaze. However, I am now looking to order another charger and it is only September. The charger no longer stays closed, which it needs to do in order to charge my watch. It is low cost but it only worked for a few months.
It looks good but it does in fact wear easily. The side parts have worn away from the leather and the C at the back pealed off.
Product clasp broke in first month
Screen feels nice and installation was straightforward, but all 3 of my screen protectors have little dents throughout the screen that little air bubbles form around. I don't know if this is how the product usually is or if I recieved a defective package.
Seems durable. But takes the sensitivity away. Glue line around case looks terrible. Got a few drops of water on my phone and it immediately went under the protector, now there is a huge water bubble under there that won't go away.
Great price but you get what you pay for. They break VERY easily, good thing there are so many of them
It looks nice and it's really easy to install wht I don't like is the sensitive part I struggle with the touch screen also the fingerprint sensor doesn't know whit the screen protector.
Not so good signal in fm band
This thing connects through Bluetooth BUT you still need to plug in the lighting cable. The sound quality is not crisp. When I speak to people on the phone they say my voice sounds grainy or far away. I have tested other headphones and compared it to this. Is a waste of money.
They were ok. Not secure enough. They fell off and I didn't even realize it. Lost!
Not waterproof at all! Dropped in a puddle, totally submerged but grabbed right away, took it completely apart and dried off with a hair dryer, still did not work, it would not transmit
I received this and the zipper to the coin pouch was already broken and couldn't put anything in it. I like the thinness, but it also left the problem of the inability to stuff stuff in the wallet because there was no flexibility or leigh way...it wasn't what I expected.
The part that covers the charging port broke off after 3 weeks of having the phonecase, and before that it wouldn't stay latched. I have to take the case off to talk to people because they can't hear me..this is the worst lifeproof case I've ever gotten from Lifeproof and I've had 4.
Broke after the very first time dropping it. Didn't even last 2 months. Very disappointing
I wish it was more durable feeling. It is simply a flexible rubber shell.
the cable is all crooked I think it will be damaged soon
I have ordered many copies of the same product but this specific one was not to my liking. I usually inspect all parts that I order to make sure that they are 100% but I didn't with this product. I installed as usual only to realize that the touch connector pins were oddly shaped. Didn't look bent or anything just off. I continued, and the screen worked but there was no touch response. As stated before I have ordered many times and was always happy with packaging, price and timeliness. I will count this as the one bad apple. Reordered with higher hopes.
It is really heavy and will not work if you have anything on the back of your phone (e.g., a Pop Socket or other holding device).
The only good thing about this case is it looks GREAT! The plastic is cheap and continues to crack daily. The magnet on the back does not stay grounded but comes up with the other piece... But "YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR."
I have had this case for a year and the black rubber part started coming off the side where the up and down buttons are at. I have tried putting it back together but it refuses to stay put. Dirt is getting in there. I never thought I would have to buy another case for my iPhone. OtterBox usually outlasts my iPhone. I am very disappointed. I have always bought OtterBoxes for my iPhone but maybe it is time to find a new brand. I will try contacting OtterBox directly.
I really liked this case, it was smooth and not slippery to hold. However, within a couple of months of using it (about 2 months) the edges of the case began to break and the case was falling apart. I had to buy a new case to replace and chose to go through another company this time.
The magnet is not strong enough to hold the phone. The swivel does not stay and will move with the weight of the phone if you drive little more aggressive than your grandma. The wireless charging is low powered and does not keep up with the phone's discharge rate when running GPS direction.
Thought it was a hard case and it is not.
Within the first week of wearing it, the front scuffed in multiple places with just regular use (nothing strenuous or banging it around). The scuffs won't buff out, so I'll be throwing this in the garbage and getting a different one.
These headphones are great except that the battery will barely last 1 hour on the lowest volume level and close to the advertised 7-9 hours. This is extremely disappointing
I love this product which I have been using for a couple years now Ordered a new one for my new device and I received a damaged one
Bought a replacement one that I like way better after just a few days
I've had it a month and half and it no longer is able to be charged.
I had a Verus wallet case for my IPhone 6s and I liked the fit of it. When I upgraded my personal cell I ended up deciding to get this one for my work Iphone 6s Plus and am pretty disappointed in it. In contrast to the smaller version the card bay is just way too tall--cards dont fit snugly into it so they bounce around in there. It also feels extremely flimsy to me while being more bulky. Just not digging it and immediately replacing with another product.
Did not care for it.
It is smaller than I expected and the compartment for business cards are too small.
Very fragile cover. Slowly began to break apart.
its fine as a matte screen protector, barely blacks out the screen when viewing from the sides if the phone is at max brightness which defeats the purpose
These cables do not work when connected to the car for either charging nor carplay. Car does not identify either of my phones connected thru these cables.
All but one we're broken when I opened the package. The one that wasn't has been working fine.
Was opened up. Perhaps one of the two I bought was returned by another customer. It you HS Evans type of protective case on your iPhone it will not work. Bummer wanted to use on motorcycle.
I like the product, but I have to toggle the bluetooth off and on every time I pair them to my phone. Samsung Galaxy s8.
The screen protector scuffs easily & makes the screen hard to read in glare.
1, can not attaché to my car vent well(can not go all the way in), but also it does a plus size phone.
Item does not tighten enough to keep the phone level when installed on the vent, the phone faces the ground, kinda hard to see the GPS when its facing the floor
Changing the camera and speaker was not a good idea ! Had lots of trouble ! Buy one complete and only change the button. Pay a little more.
Worked, but not without feeling like i ruined my son. Super cheap cutting portion had a gnarled edge that produced a crappy edge.
I am unable to charge my phone with the case on
Very difficult to keep in your ears
Not like the original product. The sticky part comes off the case and the strap breaks. Loved the original version but I can't recommend this product.
The sound quality of these ear buds is very terrible.
The charger worked great for the first week, and then began acting up. When I place my phone down, it'll begin to charge for about 30 seconds and then stops. I have to take my phone off and put it back on several times to get it to continue charging for for than a few seconds. I was very happy with the purchase initially, but now I can only get it to work half the time
OK, so I'm using this with my Google Pixel 2XL and it charges as it should, it is capable of "fast charge" as my phone when connected it shows " Charging Rapidly"... The problem I'm having with it is that it stays loose in any power plug I connect it to and I'm constantly using tape to avoid it from disconnecting. Its really annoying! I was not expecting this for a $39 wall charger
I loved the design and thought it would be a a good purchase but i could not get the case to close. At first i thought it was my screen protector that was too bulky but when i took it off to see it still kept popping open. I'm able to keep it closed for for 5 seconds before it opens again. And i have a pop socket so when i try holding it from the back with it yhe whole back case comes of with it.
Neither of them lasted very long. You can not adjust it at all, or it will not stick. The first fell off in less than a week and the second got moisture underneath and affected typing. I've never had temper glass allow moisture underneath. Get a different one.
Broke one day and collected water under it when I was in the shower watching TV like wtf can't get good perfection for after your shit..
It was a good speaker but broke about a year after I bought it. Stopped retaining charge real quick and then wouldn't work plugged in either. I give it 2 stars because it sounded good when it worked.
Had it for 3 month now and already broke
Picture shows 2-Pack but description says "cable" and not "cables". This is the same price as an Amazon Basics cable which to me looks to be of better quality. If this was a 2-pack its a good deal. Otherwise, go for the Amazon cable unless you really want an orange cable.
The case did a good job keeping everything dry, but I was unable to use it to take photos because the phone would get confused by the water on the other side of the screen. It was also hard to remove enough air to prevent bubbling around the lens when under water. Bottom line got zero photos.
Cables are nice but just 2 out of the 3 cables work.
Purchased two of these. Build quality appears good. On worked right out of the package, the other I did not use at first for a few months but then failed after a month of very light use. No power to any of the three connectors and the iPhone connector was getting hot to the touch.
Fits watch and keeps screen from getting scratched however, when I exercise condensation builds up between the protective covering and the watch screen, and makes the touch functionality not work. This has happened twice, and each time I have to take the band off and then remove the covering to end my work out. Would not recommend.
My husband hated this case because it was not easy to take out of his pants pocket. He took it off and threw it away.
Hard to get contact.
The blue LED is obnoxious, far too bright. Would have been a five star otherwise.
Doesn't cover entire screen and it's cloudy, picks up smudges/fingerprints and screen not picking up my touches on the edges. I have to press on the screen for my action to take, such as when I'm texting.
The stand broke the first time I used it . Just made with weak plastic.. thank you Amazon for standing behind the product. Abby from customer service said I will have full credit refund within 24 hours and don't need to send item back.
I was disappointed it is so tiny cannot serve the intended purpose.
It did not provide much light. The flowers seem to break. Dissatisfied.
Two cords were faulty upon arrival. Disappointing! The ones that actually work seem to do the job though, but I wouldn't buy this particular brand again.
Did not receive a power cord with product
Flat glass on curved screen fell off within 2 days.
Product turned yellow within two weeks! I keep my phone very clear but the clear still turned yellow.
Requires to much force to insert in a USB type C connector. I tried a few phones, the mating force is high enough to worry all who I let use it. Enough force is required that we all felt high risk of damage potentially being done to our phones. If not for the high insertion force, this product would rate 5 stars, and I'd buy many more as gifts. The right angle connector is a winner of an idea, the insertion force is a deal breaker.
Wireless charge doesn't work with this case on my iPhone XR
Way too small for the screen! It'll protect the face of the screen but it looks like it doesn't belong.
Loved the look and like the detachable feature. The quality not so much. The top right side of back side(part the phone magnets to) got damaged the first week I had it. The cardboard or what ever the material thats inside the (natural leather? ) got bent and damaged. Looks bad.
I ordered lily purple & received white.
Has problems connecting to phone and staying in place.
Cannot down load from my watch.
Overall great for fitness tracking but smart watch? Not so much. It's not so smart as it is a watch or health tracker or fitness tracker.
The case blocks the camera so you have to take it off every time you want to use the camera, which I use often... otherwise the material is good
I loved the idea of this case. Despite other reviews I got it anyways, hoping they had a fluke. It was great for two weeks or so, then started glitching to where it wouldn't charge the case. Not sure why. It was pretty heavy, & I was worried about my screen breaking if I dropped it. I switched back to my otter box.
Mine cracked while trying to remove it from the phone. Good looking a slim though.
The touch screen is terrible after putting this on. Took me more than a min to type this review.
It was good for a few days, until the pins attached to the band snap decided to fall out. Eventually I lost one of the pins. Went to a watch store and they don't have the small pins it requires.
Does not fit Series 4 as well as the rest due to bigger screen size
Sound quality is bad. Straight up. But they do work, and they are comfortable. You get what you pay for.
Don't buy this. The cutting on this film is not perfectly aligned with the phone. I used up two films before I gave up. The camera cut out does not match the home button on the bottom.
The screen came in great but has a couple of glitches.
The wall charger is advertised and labeled as being a 2.1 amp charger. It only does intermittently and very inconsistently. I have tried multiple cables and several hotel outlets. The car charger seems to work fine.
it doesn't fit my big head
Returned. 1. Did not keep water out in sink trial. 2. touchscreen did not function under water as listed. 3. on button was near impossible to operate through the case. 4. Black perimeter blocked functions and this was on 'small phone' a droid mini about the size of a 5s
I really wanted to love this case. Looks neat & protects the phone. However the case is not functional for texting. I tried to get used to it but ultimately took it off in frustration.
It didn't do the fast change that I expected. Not happy with this at all.
After a couple of months of use, the cable suddenly started giving us an error and stopped providing power reliably.
At first I was so pleased. Then summer came.. heated the "sticky" and the sticky section that holds onto the plastic tore easily off... All THREE of them. Stick with the vent hanging one. It's the only one of the four I purchased that is still working. Bought summer 2017.
Device have always red light turned on. I cannot able to pair it. Anyone got issue like this? After charged, light turned green but when cable disconnected, it changed to red. App says press 5-6 seconds. I did but nothing happened. Light didnt changed blinking mode.
The screen protector itself feels sturdy, but it is not a good fit on the screen. There is a pretty significant and visible width along the entire edge of the screen protector that does not adhere to the screen itself due to the curvature of the screen (see photos).
Customer service was great and very responsive to all my questions, so I had high hopes when I placed my order. Unfortunately I experienced issues that wouldn't let me keep the radio. 1) My biggest concern was that the radio seemed to be overheating. When I first installed it and used it for a few minutes, the radio was already getting hot. When I uninstalled it after driving home, the back of the radio was almost too hot to touch. Due to that issue I was not comfortable leaving it installed in my vehicle. 2) I have a convertible and driving the car when the sun is out means I can't use the radio. The screen was completely blacked out by the sun, so much so that I wasn't able to see anything at all on the screen. 3) the can bus included did not work with my vehicle, a 2008 VW Eos. 4) even though it says it fits a 2008 VW Eos, the bottom edge of the radio is a teeny bit too large for the stock frame to comfortably fit over it. If I pushed it over the radio to complete the install, it would have made it very difficult to remove the frame without breaking it.
I have only had my protector for few months and already cracked all over
Very pretty, will only fit 2 cards if u shove them in, but then u need the jaws of life to get them back out. Cracked after only a couple weeks....needless to say I only had it for a little over a month before I had to order a new one.
Feels great and didn't mind adjusting every other time, but after 2 weeks the magnet fell off.
Stem is short. You can't make as many bends in the wire as shown
It's clear to me that this isn't the real life proof case. It's not the hard material like the other ones I've had
After one year the case is discolored, and it starting to loosen and therefor detach from the phone. So, it's ok for the short term, but not a good product for long term use.
Doesn't hold weight of s8 very well falls off with a bump.
It does not charge very fast at all. It does keep a charge, but doesn't deliver that charge.
Unfortunately one of the glass screen protectors already had a scratch on it when I opened it.
right channel quit after less than two months
Good because it's water proof but dropped it once and the screen shattered. Guess it's not life proof at all
Cord is way too short
Out of three one does not charge the phone
Does not do a good job protecting the screen.
This is not a good case for the new iPhone XsMax. Was not able to use.
Attempted to install on Samsung S8 with otterbox defender case. I broke both of them them. Word to the wise.
It broke and my phone still got chipped the first time it fell out of my hands
The sound is perfect ! Bluetooth conection works perfectly ! However, ear phone is very fragil and open parts in small pressure situation what changes the quality. In one month I just have a mono mode . The right side is broken. I had just used 10 times
I actually really like this case with I real big caveat for me: it doesn't come with an adapter for earphones (like similar cases usually do) so I can't plug in my earphones. The bulk of the case prevents a good connection, I've tried three different pairs of earphones. I will likely return this case in exchange for a cheaper version I've seen that does come with an adapter.
Was working and then suddenly one of the earbuds gave out. Super annoyed because I really like these
The car charger is definitely not a fast charger, and the home one seems standard as well.
It's a very protective case well built, but using my essential phone with it i get zero cell service, i can stand in the same spot that i would have 3 bars and with this case on i get zero. Only good for protection
This cable was fine for about 2 years using the cable with my genuine Apple wall charger. After that my iPhone 6s would start discharging while connected! Then it started to quickly cycle between charge - not charge - charge - discharge. If I look closely I can see dark spots on the gold plates or tabs. (See picture.) I will stick to reliable UL certified vendors like Apple or Belkin or Griffin. Because now my iPhone won't hold a proper charge.... Luckily it has not blown up or burned as in other reviews. The newer model seems to have been updated to avoid the weak flex point near the lightning head, but I don't see any more coating for the connection tabs.
Mine broke right on the camera cutout within the first two weeks I received it. I'll have to get a new case.
It was a cute stand smaller than I thought, but it didn't fit my fit bit charge 3! so I wasn't able to get a charge it was too small
Poor quality fell apart
I've had these for maybe 2 months (if that) and one already quit working. I've yet to buy any of these things that actually last a decent amount of time.
this was too hard to install for the cost.
would not hold gps tight, and factory gps button would not fit
The protectors I received were too small, and covered up a small portion of the screen.
Had to return this phone back due to the update of nugget which the phone isn't able to handle it. Some of them will but some will likely not turn back on after the update. If you are still planning on buying this make sure to stop the phone from updating it to nugget
Came with 4 screens. Mine popped off after a few days, my husbands had three cracks in it after 2 weeks. We put on the other two and they worked better, but they soon cracked too. It's not like I flail my arms around, so I really don't know what I must be hitting my arms on, but these didn't last very long.
This is really quite short so if you have a large phone you'll need something a bit taller.
they are far looser then i would have liked... I got them for my business partner and she says they unhook all the time
The "wet" cloths were bone dry. The edges aren't contoured with the screen so it leaves a line on both sides of the screen. One of them cracked from just being in a pocket
I really wanted to like this phone case because the color and style are attractive. I didn't mind that it made the Note 8 a little too bulky because I felt like it protected my phone. The only issue I had with this case is the buttons were very difficult to press the buttons on the side of the phone. My hands are shaky and therefore I can't press very hard either.
Scroll wheel stopped working after 2 months. Otherwise, the design is nice.
Sucks. Don't buy it. Didn't last but maybe 2 weeks before they both fell off.
Great at first. Hard to assemble but worked just fine for the first month. After that, it was a paper weight on my dresser. Had to throw away.
The outside plastic cover cracked within a month. Cute, but won't purchase again.
The top and bottom pieces fall of very easily, and the part where the ring is dug a really do scratch into my phone.
They won't stay attached to the device even with glue
It's a really basic unit doesn't have many functions ore audio adjustment. Amplifiers won't run off it
this screen gave a weird brown tint across the screen when you held it at an angle. so much that I replaced it with my old broken one
The screen cover fit loose.
Average to poor!! Does not support iPad well. Wobbly!
I had high hopes for this adapter, I have 2 cars and 2 work trucks, none of them have builtin Bluetooth. I have 3 others from 3 different manufacturers, this was my 4th. If you are listening to music, this works well. It has extended base that will give music some additional punch. Unfortunately, my requirements is geared for communications rather music. When I first installed this, it took a while for the BT to connect but once it did it was faster the next time. If I listened to music and had a call come in, the BT dropped off, sometimes it would drop off and then picked back up several times before it stayed on. I would have to say "hello" 3 to 4 times before the person on the other end could hear me. One of my trucks is a diesel, the noise canceling was NOT up to par, others couldn't hear me over the engine. I would pull over and shut the engine down to continue the conversation which negates the reason I bought this device. I would then hear the person on the other end but they would fade in and out. I was very disappointed and will sent it back.
So first off it was kinda to hard getting my phone properly in the case then the screen cover is loose on the screen so i have to apply extra pressure on my screen to navigate my phone and lastly the case literally makes it impossible for anyone to hear hear you on calls the case muffles out your voice so i have to be wearing a headset or have my phone connected to a bluetooth device and my phone still got cracked while wearing case.
I gave this two stars because I do like that it plays video sound through the earpiece. On the down side, it keeps disconnecting and reconnecting. You can't go one room away from your phone without being disconnected. The sound is not very good. The ear hook broke after 6 weeks. I had to buy entire set to get another one. I got the new ear hook a week ago and it broke this morning. I've had several earpieces and this is my next-to-least favorite.
The holes are too small to fit over our cords. Very disappointing.
I loved it the first night but got it wet the next day and iridescent plastic started to peel off
Was NOT a perfect fit as advertised and the colors are definitely NOT as vibrant as seen in the pics. The edges protrude and tend to get caught or snag on my clothing. Only wearing b/c I didn't want the hassle with returning and I needed a new band. Looking for another one right now.
Worked for about 3 weeks after that the battery would not charge. We were out of d country a very disappointment experience. The battery would go from 100 to 1 within a minute after charging and would randomly turn off.
when case on, you only see a bur
This was a little pinchy in the mouth and full of saliva
Wallet on the front was too tight. The product was not accurately advertised. I did not know that the phone case was able to disconnect from the wallet case via a magnet – this was not in the description or was advertised as so.
I had this protector on my iPhone X for a year and loved it. I don't know if the quality has gone down with the next editions, because the company has added more variety. All I know it the screen protector cracks VERY EASILY. I've only had the phone cover for a month, and there are already tiny cracks and scratches that prove the quality has really gone down. So disappointed.
I really like this speaker. It is very well made and extremely durable. The sound is loud enough to hear when my boyfriend takes it to the basketball court! I love everything about this speaker except for the charge. I have no idea if my speaker is defective or if I am doing something wrong but it will not hold a charge. I have charged it while it was off all day and when it was on and neither way will charge it. I take it to the basketball court and can only listen to it for 10 minutes until it dies. I have tried other wires and nothing works. I'm so disappointed because I love this speaker if it worked but sadly I can't figure it out.
Cheap material .. started to rip off from the sides
The ends or round where you plug the phone in will not work phone with case's on them so I can't us them. Because im not taking case off twice a day just to charge them.
first it was this fine part of the volume that when getting the phone this just broked. Then this open corner of the case must have hooked in my pocket and now it's also broken. And I never dropped it.
The case opens for a left handed person not for a right handed person. Fix it!
stopped charging after 2 years
LG G5 battery only lasted 7 months.
I bought four of these. The latch broke on one, and the knobs on the bottom that serve as feet on the case broke off of another within a month of purchase. I do not recommend buying these boxes.
Not my favorite and will probably not go with again. Hurts my ears badly.
I know you only get what you paid for, but I bought these after carefully reading through the reviews here. I just feel the sound quality is bad. The sound snaps out very often and I need to turn off and back on again for them to work. That's kind of frustrating.
This was a great product for 4 months. Until it started to get warm outside. Then it lost Suction, so I stuck it down with gorilla tape. Then a few weeks later the arm holding the phone up so I could see it, would not stay tight and the phone would fall.
The aesthetics are nice and I like the textured back which gives it a nice feel and a little more grip, but the plastic ring broke after a few months of normal use making the case unusable.
You really have to make sure the bands fit into the metal grooves on the Fitbit. This is a real pain to accomplish because they don't just lock into place. 2 stars for comfort and color
Phone fell out of my back pocket and shattered the screen with the first drop.
I keep these at work and listen to books/music throughout the day. They didn't last 4 months before 1 side went mute
Does not have a good “grip”. Purchased another that was only $5.95 with a good non-slip grip.
Stopped working on the left side after three months and then completely pulled in half. I'm not rough on my products at all; usually have zero issues with chargers/cables.
Bought this as a birthday gift for my daughter, as I thought she would like the pattern. She did, but it started to self destruct fairly soon after she started using it. It is very thin, and doesn't offer much protection, including very little "lip" on the front to protect the screen. Unfortunately, she dropped her phone and it has spiderweb cracks all over it, just a day before her new case arrived. Seems like they have reduced the price since I bought one, but I would still be aware even at this low price.
This photos are misleading. It isn't the case that has the rubber cover over the home button. There is just a hole. I prefer my case to be complete and have been trying to find the defender case that has the rubber piece over the home button but cannot find it anywhere.
These peel in the corners within two weeks of wearing them. I've had much better luck with Ace Armor brand
I stopped holding up my phone after a week. Anytime I hit a bump or something, I have to reposition it. It was great for the first week, but definitely wouldn't buy again.
The color of the case is awesome. However the product itself was nothing that I had expected with quality. The case is plastic and too flexible bending. The side button slots are extremely hard to press as though too deep which requires to press nails harder to operate. Just not please at all and would like to return for a refund. Thanks!! Angela
This band straight up ruined my beloved Fitbit. I had gotten it to replace my purple band, so it'd look a little more professional. Even following the directions carefully and researching on YouTube, removing the original Fitbit band broke the outer clip that holds the charger in place. Despite being removed correctly, it wouldn't fit back in place and stay there, which meant that the Fitbit wouldn't charge. Even looking up ways to fix that (tiny amount of super glue) didn't work! I was so upset that my boyfriend ended up getting me an entirely new Fitbit. I'm lucky to have a great man, but don't waste your money on this! A $10 purchase ruined my $100 Fitbit charge HR
I can not use as I ordered an iPhone 5s and received the 7.
When I bought this product 1/3 of the screen protectors came already destroyed in the package. I've had the screen protector on for about a month or so & it already has so many scratches and chipping on the edges. I don't think it'll last much longer. Won't be buying again sadly
Doesnt have enough pockets 4 everything i need
Installed a few weeks ago. Right speaker went out. Ordered return through Amazon and it came today. Replaced bad speaker, went for a ride, OTHER one went out on the way home. I haven't heard enough GOOD things about this specific set up to keep messing with it. Going to replace this other speaker and see what's what. Anymore problems and I'm DONE! Had my fairing on and off too many times this go around.
I was so excited to get it and it is super cute! Unfortunately, it ripped after only two months of using it. Also, It stretches so the cards slide out occasionally.
Wasn't a snug fit. Mirror did not show a good reflection. Not able to access phone without opening the face of the phone case.
I have a lot of difficulty tying on my Apple Watch now. I have to press a button almost seven times for it to even pick up what l was trying to type. Protection is okay I guess but I cannot even text discreetly at my desk anymore 😕
I bought this with lot of expectations. The top edges aren't fitting well.
For the month it lasted was great
The screen protector did not adhere to my watch and kept popping of. I was unable to use it and was a total waste of money.
These headphones are so bulky on the ear. They are not compact, they feel big and and sometimes even fall off. The cord is also short. I will be returning them
Not sure about Samsung phone but IPhone X will not charge fast. I will even say it is faster lighting cable alone
Doesn't adhere on edges...
I even bought more cable to extend it further away and it still fails. The antenna needs to be 50' away from the other device and the cable provided doesn't even cover that distance.
The screen protector was easy to install but was only stuck on the outside edge of the glass. It separated from my phone within 5 minutes of applying and I had taken it off within 10 minutes because my screen was not responding well with the protector on. Not recommended.
Stopped working after first week.
I would not recommend this item. It took a considerable amount of time to connect. The quality is not good.
You get what you pay for - the tinting of the screen is as advertised; however, the quality of the material is poor and alters the screen image.
doesnt hold a charge
Constant connecting issues.
The case itself is nice but it attracts fingerprints like crazy! I have to clean my phone constantly!
Very flimsy broke on the second day
Slim and fantastic fit. Lip around front glass may be inadequate for some, but not my priority. Too slippery!!
Sound quality is pretty poor, obviously didn't expect Bose quality for the price, but with all the good reviews I thought it would be better....sounds like I'm hearing the music with a pillow over my head
The band looks great however after wearing it for one afternoon my wrist is GREEN. Would NEVER purchase again or recommend.
Silicon portion does not quite fit and I'm very disappointed that you cant put the phone in the holster with the screen facing out. The picture shows the holster being used as a kickstand but you can't actually do that because the phone wont lock in screen facing out. Also I bought two of these in different colors and they are not even close to the same case.
Arived on time but onlt lasted a few days
I really loved the idea of having another Nokia. This phone started out great. I had it less than 2 months. The alarm quit working and then, even an alarm app that I downloaded separately quit. I also could not receive text messages. I work from my phone, so this was a deal breaker. On the plus side...the camera was terrific!
It has been about 8 months since i purchased it and it stopped pairing with my phone. So bummed out. The quality and size of it was incredible, but it stopped working just after a few months.
Case was great. Belt holder/clip not so much. It lasted three months before the single clip broke. And that was even after using great care to unclip the phone from the holder. I was as gentle as I could be with the clip because I knew it was the weak spot. Three months was all I got out of it.
Case is sleek and fits perfectly. Unfortunately, after just a few weeks, the paint on the case is chipping. Would not recommend.
not as expected. Low quality
Decent case for the money. It comes with 2 screen protectors but one was completely shattered in the packaging. I could see it cracked through the packaging.
They don't work very well. I have to keep pressing. I've bought some before and they worked fine. These are disappointing.
The built in screen protector came loose after about a month and I had to reglue it into place. Once a week I have to take it off to clean out the dust that accumulates around the edges.
Works with my phone but didn't last long before the charging port bent. Better off buying one from your cell provider.
Installation was easy but the screen protector popped off within the second day of applying it!
Love the concept, however, the rotator ball wore out after about 2 weeks so my phone just flops around and will not stay in an upright position which defeats the purpose.
It's more of a question than review. Does anyone know how to make both earbuds play at the same time? I can play one or the other but not at the same time. If I can't figure it out I'll have to send them back. I don't want to do that. I love them already!
The following is my initial review but since I wrote that the company has contacted me to help with my issue. I do appreciate them reaching out as it shows they are really passionate about this product. They offer several options to help the cover stay on or another that clips in the back. They offered to replace the one I lost but I have already purchased a different one so I was not Interested at this time. This is a super cute product which I received tons of compliments. I was looking for something stylish for my Apple Watch so I purchased this. As it is very cute and stylish it doesn't stay put. It was constantly falling off and I was constantly loosing it. I finally lost it.
You get what you pay for, the edge bubble very easily.
They rotate even though it looks like they are fixed. Not what I expected.
I am disappointed because the case is very uncomfortable to hold and the pieces on the back are already coming off. The only plus side is I feel like it is pretty durable.
It came with 2 screens. I tried both and neither work. They stay on fine until try to put on a case and then they pop right off. Even without a case one of the corners won't stick and makes a snaking sound every time you press near it.
I bought these to use working in my garden for summer so I didn't use them much until now and when I used them they cut out if I turn my head. I'm assuming that there is a short in the cord. The sound isn't bad and the noise cancellation isn't too bad but I won't be able to use them because of the sound cutting out. It is now past the time to return. Wished I would have used them more before the send back time had elapsed.
It charges fine, but the blue light stays on while the phone is charging. I bought this to put it by my bed, but since the light stays on, you can't really sleep with it charging. I don't really use it at all.
This is a poor system. Having to prime the adhesive leads to debris getting on the underside of the screen protector. Doing so also shifted the protector relative to the applicator sheet, making it difficult to align. I ultimately gave up and threw it away, after it was clear the installation would be compromised.
Not that great but useful. Blast of static when shutting off key if you have your radio turned up to hear using Bluetooth. Every time you restart the unit volume goes back to max so be ready for a blast of sound if you had it turned down earlier when shut off. Best to use your radio volume control.
Cons: Biggest con is that the the indentation to adjust around nose is poorly done. I have a large nose and the plastic piece would hit my nose bridge which started hurting. Also, my phone is a 6 inch Zte blade zmax and it would not fit. Also the remote is cheaply made. Pros: if you overlook above cons, the product works. Its light. Remote needed a bit of setting up but it worked with games. I'm returning it to amazon because its painful to use and not practical.
Good idea as far as a project but one of its leg broke within a few day when I got it. Cheaply made? Did I buy a defective one? Who knows but O won't buy another one.
The cord is too stiff - not convenient to use.
This broke on my several times. The first two times it happened they were helpful and replaced the product. I emailed them many, many times throughout May of this year and still haven't heard back from them. My charger case has just about fallen apart. I am very disappointed. There seems to be no other way to contact them but by email, which they haven't been responding to.
These items were okay. I went to the beach and used the to protect my phone from both water and sand. They made my phone become extremely hot that i recieved an over heating notification to power off phone.
One worked KIND OF, but it would give me a notification saying "accessory not supported" every 2 minutes. The other didn't work at all :/ Apple has some for $9, probably should've just gone with that.
The PopSocket is a great design and was a perfect give for my DBZ loving brother. Unfortunately, the PopSocket would not stick to the phone and fell off after an hour. The only reason I gave this product two stars, is because I was refunded my money.
connecting an disconnecting from phone
Bought 2 sets of these for a total of 6 cables. I have 1 cable that is sort of working after 6 months. In my opinion these are junk and not worth the money.
For as long as there was glass screen protectors for cell phones, I've always ordered this brand. I have yet to be disappointed until I purchased this set. The edges wouldn't adhere and I had bubbles and in some places there was pieces of lint that had found its way underneath while installing. This happened with both of them. Even worse for me was that the phone was defective out of the box and I had to send it back. I did ask my provider to reimburse for this expense and they agreed. Sooooo, because I've always liked this product and haven't had any problems until this pack, I'm going to purchase it again to put on the new phone that will be shipped out again soon. I'll update my review again then.
Magnet broke my phone s card reader
Worked great for the 1 week that I had it until the back cracked while sitting on my desk.
Looks great but that's about it, I dropped my phone 4 feet of the ground and the cover cracked
Too big & did not work for what I needed
I can't really give it the full 5 simply because I'm not sure if it was my gear that didn't work anymore or the charger.
They stopped working after 3 months in the left ear only. Also has connectivity issues
Screen sensitivity gets very weak, had to use my stylus at some points. Also swiping from the edge is terrible now, especially the sides.
Tempered glass dislodged from my phone when my phone dropped. Disappointing.
I received it yesterday.. It's torn on one of the corners . If I try to take off for a picture it will tear more.
Not sparkly at all. Almost seems smaller then normal
The curve does not cover the phone
Unfortunately when listening to music, I have to hold my phone outside of my pocket or there will be interference.
Two of the four of these cords stopped working on the second use. (The two 6' cords) The other two are still working, but that's not a great percentage.
Contact is sketchy and sometimes not passed.
When I first received the case everything worked fine for the first couple of weeks. Then it would not turn on when the button is pressed. I thought that I didn't press it long enough for the case to turn on when I needed it to recharge my phone.
Does not work as advertised.
Pretty, light-weight and easy to wear. However, the instructions were difficult to read (written by someone not fluent in English) and even when I followed them I could not get it to accept voice commands, which is important to me as I like to make calls while driving. Also, I text orally and that worked great with my old blue tooth, but my phone is not understanding my words correctly with this blue tooth which has made for some great comedy, but is also frustrating. I would return it, but my cleaning lady threw away the packaging. I will just be buying a different model.
Its all good and fit for 5 card but I think the price still too high for this kind of product.
Ordered the Samsung headphones before and they were great. FaceTime for Samsung headphones seem to have poor quality. They say Sam song on them but they sound like bootleg speakers
Its a great size and awesome for travel, but mine stopped working after 2 charges.
I tried to give them a fair test. I have had great success with other plantronics headphones. I tested them at work and while running. The biggest issue I found is the connection between the two left a LOT to be desired. If I could I would return them.
Does not work with apple tv 4k, picture and audio cut out, trued different cables and tried 2 different of these switchers w same problem
Went on and worked fine for about 2 weeks. When scrolling down contacts started noticing touch problems and it seemed to be losing contact with screen. After a few more days it fell off.
It was too short for me I'm 5'11 it's possible if it was the right size i would of gave it higher stars
EDIT: Not too long after I wrote this glowing review, the sides of the case started peeling off from the back. In my hubris, I assumed it would be fine. I was wrong. My phone dropped from my pocket onto the linoleum kitchen tile of all places, and promptly shattered. This was a nice case for a while, until it wasn't. I recommend something more heavy-duty. From the photo and price, I wasn't entirely sure whether this would do the job protecting my phone. Well, I've had it for over a year now, and so far no damage has been done at all. This is impressive considering the fact that my phone has gone bouncing off concrete a few times.
The phone don't have a good fit on the top of this case look like is going to fall out from the case
I feel like this unit has a lot to offer for its price point, but I couldn't justify keeping it while it refused to allow me to view video. I tried for a week to get the wifi function to work without success. I reached out to the company for support and gave up when they suggested using a different phone.
It was good till the next day. I put my phone in to the top of the sink and the water penetrate the cover easily.
Good watch good features. Horrible battery turned on at 6am now 1pm and completely dead. Even on power save mode battery died.
One of the 2 was cracked in the box. The one I put on the phone didn't last more than a few days. Not impressed.
I took it off on the first day that I used. It's very tight and makes pressure on your finger. I did not like the usability. :( I put my pop socket back!
Extremely disappointed that there is no screen protector and the back design is scratching off. I have never had an otter box have these issues before in a week or two worth of use. Very disappointing to say the least. All the white on the case is not suppose to be there. Color is chipping off. Bottom of case towards the realtree logo as well. I feel like this is NOT otterbox material.
It's a very cute product, but it cane broken in 3 parts. Nothing a little super glue can't fix, but pretty inconvenient for gifting.
The plate that holds the phone is poorly made and does not stay in the holder My phone keeps falling off the top holder Would not recommend
Dropped my phone today and knocked out the Bluetooth. Not shock resistant, I purchased this for durability.
one is dead upon arrival
These gloves are surprisingly warm, but they do not work well on a touch screen at all which was the whole reason I ordered them. The worst part is they're not eligible for returns- I wish id noticed that before buying because these ended up being a total waste of money.
worked great when i first rec'd charger cord. in about 12 months, the charge slows to barely a trickle. will not get to 100% overnight while plugged in. i would not buy this again. would like my money back.
Very nice looking but it does not allow you to adjust the band to tighten it. I can't use it cause it is too big.
It doesn't charge very well. It's like a trickle charger for a cell phone, and that's not good.
Not a very good phone.
Cheap and weak. Comes off easy and can't get to restick.
Spent many hours with manual but can not pair my Bose bluetooth headphone. Tried Apple iPod bluetooth ear buds, not successful either.
Have yet gotten to use it... it comes in a pack of two. One of the tempered glass was already cracked when I opened the package
It's stopped working and I've only had it 5 months. It is a spare charger that rarely gets used too!!!
Material feels great, too bad it's missing the pins.
Can only hear ok out the right ear. The sound is low in the left ear. Even with the sound turned all the way up the volume in the headphones are still low.
This case is made for an S8+ too long for the S8. Phone slid around in it. Read your reviews.
I was expecting a little more for the price. Very cheaply made.
It wouldn't hold my popsocket. It didn't stick to the back like it should.
Disappointed. Can't play music while charging, which was the whole reason I bought it. Also, the return window closed two days after I received (and I was out of town).
Glad it works, but doesn't fit 100% on a Moto E5 Plus phone....... temporary but it will do at the moment. I repeat DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT IF YOU HAVE A MOTO E5 PLUS. Save your money please.
Have a Galaxy S9+, but when chose 'red' color it must have reverted to S9 = wrong size.
Ever since I got this phone, I've had nothing but trouble in activating the phone. Apparently, the SIM card I received was compatible with Verizon which is not my carrier. After giving me the run around, I was told I needed to buy a T-mobil SIM card. I couldn't find one locally so I ordered it from Amazon. Two days later, I called Tracfone back to finally activate my new phone and was informed that this new SIM card was still no good. This time around they offered to send me one free of charge. Now, it's a week later and I have a phone I can't use. Grrrr..... I can't understand why Tracfone doesn't ask you which network is compatible with you phone and send you the correct SIM card BEFORE shipping the phone. My hope is that I'll receive the correct SIM and get my phone activated once and for all. Otherwise, I'll send it back.
I never received the stylus that it shows with it.
They did not replace the battery, or replaced it with a poor one. Phone was filthy with hair all over it.
I like these cases but they are getting very fragile. I opened the kickstand and the plastic sliding piece connecting it to the case shattered immediately.
does not stay ON. returning it.
I have bought lot of cables from this seller, but as the title suggest. Unfortunately, this one had durability issue. After 3 months of use my left one became super low while right one is normal.
Headset is comfortable, yet the signal cuts out if you turn your head. Signal also seems weak if you have your phone charging at the foot of the bed. Spend the extra ten bucks and get a better pair
These cords don't last long. I've had them a short amount of time, maybe a month, and all of them are already not working. For the price, I guess that makes sense, however there are plenty of options with a low price point that last a LOT longer than these.
UPDATE: After a few months of use, phone started beeping with alternate charging/not charging indication when plugged in. Initially, changing the cable helped, then it did not help. (I invested in several compatible cables). For the price I paid, I guess I got some use out of it, but troubleshooting made it NOT worth the time. I DO NOT RECOMMEND!
Used it for a month. The ring on the back came apart already. So although I love the concept and appearance the durability just is terrible. So I'm giving it 2 stars.
Have to remove the cable and flip it to the other side multiple times to make it charge the phone. Frustrating. If you move the phone while charging it will intermittently stop charging. After a couple of months with intermittent charging, and cable does not charge at all. After a couple of months with intermittent charging, and cable does not charge at all.
I like the idea of this phone holder, but the air vents it clips to aren't strong enough to hold the phone. Good idea, but not practical to clip in air vent that move.
The quality on these used to be great a few years ago, but now it's terrible! The glass is poor quality and shows finger oil all over and any collects blemishes very easily. Installing it also was nightmare because every small speck of dust makes relatively large bubbles form. I install these all the time, so it is not a bad install. I reproduced this with both protectors in this kit, at different times, and went right to another brand, amFilm and had no issues like this! This latter one will actually over up small specks so they blend in and let the protector suction down all the way. There is no perfect scenario unless you are in a clean room laboratory wearing a hazmat suit. Particles are in the air even in humid bathrooms. Do yourself a favor and save yourself the headache by getting another brand. This brand used to be awesome... Spigen must have cheapened the production quality when the prices went down due to competition. These used to be $30 back then. Cheap price does not necessarily mean it's a good deal!
I wanted to like these. The box they came in is incredibly well done, the product felt good but they are smaller than the side of the watch face. The problem is since they are tempered glass, no matter how you install them you will see rainbows in the screen as you are looking through the edge of the screen protector. If they were the proper size the edge of the protector would not be over a part of the screen you want to look at and these would be great. But 1 star because they are unusuable in my opinion
It doesn't have a hook on the end where it goes into vent, so it slides out of vent when traveling, but it holds the phone in brackets great
It hasn't been working for at least the last 3 weeks to a month it worked great when I first got it. I keep it because I put my Popsocket on it and would Have to buy another one but I will say it is very very durable and protects my phone.
The battery does not last long even after charging it to 100%, lasts less than 4 hours, that's frustrating for someone like me who relies on my phone for everything when at work. I have important apps I need to use when working but it goes off within no time and have to keep charging it.
Paid a little more for this to avoid misalignment of cutouts that reviewers of other protectors noted. However, no difference here: cutout at bottom for fingerprint sensor is misaligned.
Didn't like it i couldn't charge my phone with the case on it
Super cheap and only 1 out of 2 cords would charge ipads. Would not order again
Falls off the mounting point occasionally. Not recommended.
Love this for the touch screen and how good it adheres...but hate it and won't order again as they crack way too easily...I went to clean off smudges and it cracked!! Went through 3 in 2 weeks...not happy as I'm not hard on my watch at all just like to have the extra protection
Had to pay $40 to fix one of the phones before using one of the phones. Awful.
First one I ordered, only half if the LED light worked. I recieved a replacement and that LED light didn't work at all. I was disappointed.
I didn't get the solution needed for the installation. Wasted an entire pack of protectors trying to install properly.
I loved the design of this case, but the print wears down to the white case within a week. I took this on vacation for a week and came back with half the design rubbed off.
This screen protector has drastically diminished my touch screen sensitivity. The edges and lower left corner require extra pressure and multiple presses. I can't recommend this product.
When I first got this it still played music, but made cracking and buzzing noises. Then those noises started getting worse and it only started playing music only through the left speaker of my car. Then it only worked when positioning the cord a specific way. Now it doesn't work at all, it has only been 2 months. Just buy a normal aux cord and buy the adapter for iPhone.
First one i used broke under very light conditions. Never had that happen.
belt clip broke after 3months of use.
This case is great in construction only complaint is I got the pink case and the rubber part of the cases gets dark very quickly and dirty looking. partial reason my jeans dye will go over and I can't even wash it off with soap. I'm sure a black case won't have this problem but Beware of Light Colored Cases this will happen. I threw the box away so can't even return it.
I was looking at cases for my AirPods after losing my first set with nothing on them because they fell out of a slightly unzipped pocket of my bag one day. Didn't want to let that happen again. The design of this case had everything I wanted. It is easy to remove the AirPods from, but it also keeps it closed nicely so there is no worry of them accidentally opening. I would feel comfortable having them on my keychain with this case. Update 9 months after purchase: The loop that connects to the black clip to connect it to your keys is ripping, as it is made of the same soft silicone as the rest of the case and not reinforced at all. I NO LONGER FEEL SAFE KEEPING THIS ON MY KEY RING. The reason I got this item was to prevent from losing my $160 AirPods, so it worked good for 9 months, but now is useless.
dropped my phone it still broke the screen underneath.
CANNOT LOAD ALOT OF MUSIC... SUGGEST A IPOD INSTEAD
Returned... did not work well and interfered with touch screen. would not recommend.
broke after a month. it looks great, but definitely wont hold up long
It's working but not as supposed to be I mean you will hear the sounds on the videos before than the lips movement I would buy the original one to save my money and my time !
Clip broke in 2 weeks
Not for ponds or bass fishing
The Protector is about 3 mm too small around the entire edge of the phone and it produced a halo effect by not adhering to the edges.
Ear piece and UNCOMFORTABLE ON the Ear .. when you work and sweat it falls off the EAR
It fits good, but didn't realize the back of it is clear and didn't realize that till I received it.
I have utilized multiple types of phone grips and instantly this was my favorite. Low profile, comfortable and a simple ergonomic shape made it perfect and I planned on buying a bunch more for my multiple cases, as I switch cases depending on the situation. Unfortunately after less than 24 hours I noticed one edge becoming 'wavy' and stretched out. I've only used two fingers up to the first knuckle and as the picture showed one of the bands is protruding already and it's only been a few days installed. I'd like to be optimistic and believe that regrettably I received a rare defect, but I don't want to risk buying multiple for all my cases only to have them start degrading prematurely. Or rip and drop a $1000 dollar phone..
At low/medium volume and phone at full volume you get decent quality. But it broke after maybe 2 mo this and now the static from it on any radio frequency completely drowns out any music
Worked great at first I loved it but it only lasted 6 months. Very disappointed. It will no longer charge.
Well I'll give it 2 star it did work for awhile. Had my inverter for about 9 months. Went to charge up some battery in my company truck for my battery powered tools well lucky I had just started pulling off when the inverter started shooting sparks out of the fan. It did work great before that so I don't know. Maybe I had to much of a load on it.
Had my note 8 for 3 days and Put this on as soon as I got it in the mail. 1 day later it cracked and spider webbed across the screen. I got in touch with Spigen. The wanted pictures, a video, and an explanation of what happened. I did not go through all of these steps for a return. I bought a different product. I take very good care of my phones and It was in my inner coat pocket when it happened. No clue, not like i was bouncing around or flailing myself around for it to be struck.
Only half of the cords worked
Often pops out and disconnect
This case works to protect and does stay in the holster. Issues are, the clip is not very strong and if it catches on something, it pops off you belt. Biggest issue is I could not charge my phone without removing my phone from the case. The hole for the charging port would not allow the plug to stay in the phone. I had it out once to charge and ended up dropping my phone. Now, I have a cracked phone. Would not have happened if the hole was big enough for the charging plug.
Wasn't very flexible, hard to press buttons through it
The button came off the snap about 5 weeks after purchase :(
I love everything about this cell phone holder but it arrived with a almost 2" indented scratch right across the front of it. I would normally return it but need the protection of my phone for a trip I'm leaving on, so I don't have time to deal with a return. Very disappointed at the lack of quality control of the product before they ship it out.
The durability seems decent but the thickness of the glass takes alot of sensitivity away from the touchscreen, also the glass doesnt fully cover the curved edges of the galaxy note 8. My biggest issue however with this product was the pull off film covering the the adhesive side of the glass (the side that sticks to the phone) was upside down so it wasnt covering all of the glass on the top and bottom properly due to the way its curved at the top as not to cover the speaker and camera, this left nasty looking adhesive marks and lines you can see on those locations. Guess you get what you pay for in this case, cheap product
Threw these out in less than a week. They fit the Blade Z Max ok. The two dots left and right of the home button we're too far apart covering up the dots a little. Had a very bad rainbow effect as well. Smudging was exaggerated with this on. It will protect your screen, but overall I wouldn't purchase these again. Also mine did not match what the picture looks like.
Paint peeled off within first two week
It glitches already and I haven't had it a whole day yet, might return. Bought as replacement phone but really wish I read through reviews before hand. This phone is not what it says in the description, phone lags, camera sucks, maps freeze and lose location. Spend your money elsewhere.
the phone is extremely slow and the picture quality is the worse i've ever had in a phone. i wish i were able to return it
The screen protector cracks on it's own because of the shape and size. I perfectly centered the screen on the phone and now have symmetric cracks from the phone being in my empty pocket after 3 days. Also the glue is not full screen, but rather a ring around the outside.
I like how easy it was to install, BUT they don't work well with phones that have cases.
I wear this around my waist. Around my neck is heavy.
I loved the look of the band but within 2 weeks the paint started coming off and its left a rash on my arm.
This item worked well for the first 9 months. One of the terminals failed. The other stopped working after a year. There is no warranty information on this product.
Lasted just over a year before ear clip broke. Frequently fell out of my ear. That said, setup and use was easy, and the sound quality was great. Battery life was very good as well. Would not purchase again. Seller was great though.
Nice color ，but it is tight for iphone x . Not worth the price.😒
Loved it for a week until it wouldn't charge anymore
When I got my LG V20, the way the seller packaged it was below sufficient. The main body of the phone is in a plastic sleeve while the battery and backplate are disassembled without any wrapping to protect or stabilize it in the box. As a result, the battery and backplate rattled and crashed against each other during transit with the non-OEM battery arrived with scratches throughout. The non-OEM battery also caused an issue with the phone as the phone will shut off or restart at random times when the battery was 60-70% charged. Long story short, it's my first time purchasing such an expensive piece of electronic through Amazon and will be more vigilant on repeating the same investment in the future.
It's a really cute case, overall pretty thin (not too bulky and fits well in your hand), and can hold a debit card and an ID. However, I dropped it once and the bottom corner broke so the wallet doesnt work anymore.. it did protect my phone so that's a plus, but I was hoping it would last longer than 1 1/2 months. I see someone else had the same exact problem, so overall I'm kind of dissappointed.
This is really hard to assemble. The top screen cracked while trying to apply. I would have loved to use it.
This popped off as soon as I put my Otterbox Defender case on.
I love the protection that the Otterbox X brings to the table. In fact it is the ONLY case I use since they came out. However I have purchased two Iphone X CLEAR cases. The second one I ordered said it would not discolor but just past the return date it turning an ugly gold color. Love the protection but do not like the clear case for discoloring reasons.
If I leave my phone plugged in it will only charge for an hour or so then I have to unplug it and plug it back in
The fabric on the edge started fraying after 3 days of use. It was just in and out of a purse pocket.
The good: Glass is thick, durable and VERY easy to install. Packaging is nice and everything you need to install is included. The Bad: The protector is slightly too narrow and the edges don't seal because the protector is flat and the edges are not. This may work for a while but eventually dust will get under it and it will need to be replaced. I have NOT contacted customer service yet. I'll update this review once I hear from them.
Not as advertised at all. This screen protector has almost a matte feel and look to it, this protector makes the screen have a slight blur to it as well. When using the cleaning wipes, they left a residue and I had to get a different cloth and cleaner to clear it up before installing. The instructions on the package are not for the screen protectors sent with it. I will be attempting a return.
The watch is beautiful in its design and features. In those terms, it's a GREAT VALUE. It is also very well constructed - NOT a cheap-feeling fitness tool at all. The downside has been with been with its accuracy of step counting and GPS tracking with a bike and manual scooter. I've been making comparisons to Omron and Letscom for walking and Sigma Trek bike computer and even my 2018 Camry for mileage. The MorePro ALWAYS produces MUCH LOWER results. The MorePro team has been very appreciative of my input and very professional/courteous. They just sent me a replacement. Hopefully, this one will be more accurate, because I really like the watch A LOT.
The product did not work. I received it yesterday and charged it as per instructions but it would not power on. I am very disappointed since I was planning on taking it on my vacation to take clear photos. Sending it back.
Basic case OK, Belt clip broken on arrival, screen protector was plastic not tempered glass. I never seen flexible glass! Even if belt clip wasn't broken on arrival, it appears that it's likely that it wouldn't last long, BEWARE.
phone wont charge through life proof case. have to keep taking case off and on when I want to charge it. Not what I was looking for. Nothing was said that it WOULDN'T charge through case. Disappointed. Would not buy again and have had it for few days, yet am looking to replace. Waste of my money.
It is hard to push the buttons
Charges good and fast but overheats
Feels really cheap and not good quality probably won't be ordering anymore
It will break when you drop it and start chipping away in pieces
This was very pretty but so had to order a different case not long after this one. It got really dirty and it broke very easily. I was disappointed because I loved the colors.
I cannot comment at this time as your product was purchased as a Christmas gift.
I don't have a big bulky phone case and this charger refused to work. It once in a while would say charging but stops and that's about it. I have no problems charging my phone with its case on and home wireless charging units. I even bought a brand new 12V car adapter that would support this and can never to get it to work constantly. It's a great concept but didn't work for me.
This was not a good purchase. These earbuds are NOT simple plug ins. Even when plugged in, they have to be connected to Bluetooth and only work intermittently.
Great idea but my case charger broke in 2 weeks .
This is a very nice looking holster but is not made for daily active use. The the belt look tore out a few months after the purchase.
It was a cute case but would not work with my charger. It also seemed to not fit quite right
Touch screen barely works when it is on.
I had to stop using the case after one day because nobody could hear me talk even after following the recommendations for best audio from the manual.
It broke three days later of having it, just after a small crash.
Charged quickly, but the adapters were not made to last. The cords were strong and long which was great, but the actual adapter broke of at the end within a few days. I was a little disappointed.
I liked the design but it broke after a week.
This Item came defective. When the new screen was put in, dark lines appeared across the screen making it hard to see my apps.
Phone cracked even with the case on. However, a very pretty case
While it is a nice case that adds some much needed grip to the phone, it is not good at absorbing falls. I've had this on my s9+ since launch and when taking the case off to clean dust around the ports, I noticed a decent sized crack on the back. It also leaves too much of the front exposed since I have a lot of micro scratches on the screen.
had them for a week nd pieces went to hell. great sound tho,and kinda heavy.the weight of'em kept making them fall out of my ears
This does NOT fit a Google pixel 2! It is well made. It is nice for a much larger phone. Like a note. It however doesn't offer anything in the way of shock protection.
Just got the phone yesterday yet the battery won't hold a charge. It will say it's at 100% the it will shut off then when you cut it back on it's at 11%.
The case is fine itself but the case doesn't have a lip so when I would lay my phone on the table or some other hard surface my screen protector would crack, forcing me to buy another screen protector.
Probably dont get this if you need a protector because you drop your phone frequently. I dropped my phone and the entire protector just popped off (because it attaches around the circumference of the screen, unmentioned in the product description) and the entire right side of my screen is all cracked now. Probably fine if you just want to protect your screen from scratches? I guess.... Wishing their "Lifetime Replacement Warranty" worked to replace my phone. Also, this thing definitely is not smudge resistant, which isn't important to me, but worth mentioning.
People constantly complain that its hard to hear me when i use this case i experienced this myself as well i wouldnt buy this again for that reason
Bought the cover for Samsung Note 8. Cover is a little too soft and flexible. It doesn't fit tightly to the phone and it is making a lot of squeaking and 'air bubble popping' sounds whenever I grip the phone. That said, the cover has good cut outs that does not block anything like the camera or S pen
Doesn't go down far enough on the sides pretty though
Case is ok. What sucks is that my Pop-socket won't stick to it because of the soft rubber finish.
I like the screen protector, but am having trouble with a line down the center of my screen that looks like grease is under the protector allowing it to move around and not latch on properly,
The case is very protective which is great, but the buttons from the case never aligned with my phone, so although it provided great protection, I could not operate the phone.
If you swim do not buy this because it is not as advertised regarding being waterproof. I received it Thursday night and went to the pool this morning and there was water in the case when I got out of the pool. I was not diving so that wasn't the cause. Sending it back today.
I love the way the gel band feels, unfortunately it is too small. This seems to be an issue with quite a few of the replacement bands for the Charge 2. It's very frustrating and doesn't make much sense. If you have a large wrist don't bother with this one.
Cracked within a couple of days. Applied the second one and it lasted about a week before cracking.
Three vehicles with CD slots, it would not fit properly in any of them.
The cellphone restarts by itself. the touchscreen freezes up.
Case was pretty hard. Couldn't press any side buttons without forcing them down. Not real grippy. Got rid of it asap.
These didn't stick to my screen at all. I followed all steps. Cleaned and applied and it came off within a day each time. Will not reorder.
Does not receive or transmit well
I've had it less than six months and already two of the ports have stopped working. Obviously not very well made. Two stars because it was great until that point. :(
Build quality is lackluster. Within a month of owning the headphones the hinge where the phones meet the band broke off. However the sound quality and Bluetooth battery life/range are great.
Item does not connect to Apple CarPlay. And the lens fog up and cause halo effects when taking pictures
Didnt fit very snugged to the phone, Loose and flimsy. Had to buy another case for my phone.
Volume sounds good and they are comfortable. Only issue is the encasing around the plug is large and any type of case needs to be removed in order for them to be plugged in. Update Lasted a few months before sound produced static then no sound.
Methods to install are very difficult.
Lasted less than 3 years for occasional use.
This is a okay arm and. Its just too bulky for me and not made very well!
Seems like sturdy construction and quality but tried on two cars and didn't fit on either dashboard (2009 BMW X5 and 2009 Nissan Murano)
Package arrived and both screens were cracked. (sigh) Not worth the effort to return or file a claim.
Have to take the phone out of the case anytime you want to take a picture.
I thought it was gonna be a pretty pink color. It's a ugly orange/peach color.
These headphone were great but they only lasted about a month. They now have a lot of static and the volume sounds far away
After the first warm day the stickiness was lost. Also a bit bulky looking. Cool concept and when it worked it was nice.
Bought these headphones July 3rd, 2019 and already having issues. They say 50-70% battery life left and they die. Also they take forever to charge not all will be this bad i must have got a lemon pair. But they do only cost $20 get what you pay for.
Definitely not a fast charger as stated
This is one of my favorite purchases I've ever made.great value works exactly like you want it to be able to charge two computers and for USB at the same time we're fully charged for all of our road trips I even take it to work on my ambulance So I had this for a little bit of time and with no stressful usage the item broke. The piece that screws into the car outlet broke and the piece inside popped out. I really enjoyed this product but it broke too easily
Where is the rest of the order you advertise the dust cover owl and a stylist pen in t the shape of a feather
Very disappointed with this product. The belt clip broke off after less than a week of use.
Case it is not wireless friendly I tried two . Nice case.
Felt too bulky which I was fine with but the screen film was just plastic. A thin plastic sheet that felt so cheap to the touch and even cheaper to look at. So I returned this. My return went well.
Mine worked fine for about 2 1/2 years and then kicked the bucket. I will leave it to you to decide whether that is too short a life.
Reducing this to two stars for two reasons: 1. The knob to tighten it in the CD slot is right next to the part holding the mount for the phone and as you tighten the knob, it hits that part and you can't turn it. 2. I noticed it was loose a couple times, re-tightened it. Then in the middle of a four hour car trip while I was using google maps on my phone for directions, the whole mount fell out of the CD slot and I had to hold my phone up whenever I needed to see the map for the next two hours as I couldn't easily pull over and re-attach it. I often make long, 8 hour trips, I can't have it falling off during the trip and I can't pull over to put it back in easily. I've used other CD phone mounts and never had them fall off mid-trip.
Bought this used, said like new this is a lie. There was damage to it all over. The power button is almost impossible to push and jams so that you have to take the case off to get to the power. On a high note, 25 or 30 bucks is better than the 90 the stores charge.
I really liked these, especially for the price. The sound is good and they fit your ears well. Downsides: - The controls are different than what I'm used to (iPhone), so it was hard to adjust. - The location of the controls is kind of awkward -- just next to/below the chin. - Mainly, I tried using these on my bike with the phone in my pocket and I just couldn't get a strong connection, especially near traffic. Too much interference from metal objects and other signals, I guess?
Battery lasted for 17 months but it has been giving me issues for months. Getting extremely hot. Losing charge after only a few hours off use. Cutting off at 50% charge. Powering off and on repeatedly around 40%.
It really doesn't cover my Note 5 screen like I would like it.
IPhone XR: Not exactly sure why this case has all these grand reviews. This case does not protect the screen. Granted it has a Sprint installed Zagg glass screen saver on it but this picture doesn't lie: the edge of the case is literally flush with the glass. It does fit well but why use a case if it offers not screen protection? Returned.
Case does not fit well. When I squeeze the size I hear pop sounds. Disappointed
I ordered bc I liked the added protection of the front cover but it doesn't close all the way. If put into a purse I can see things like keys, coins, etc easily slipping between the phone and lid and possibly scratching the phone. Not a fan. I will return.
Very cheap quality :(
Bought April 2017, it is now Sept 2018 and the amp is bad. No sound coming out. Nothing. I spent so much money installing these speakers and the amp and now the amp went bad. I hardly used the bike in general and am incredibly disappointed.
They looked and felt great, I don't know if I put it on right because every time I pressed down on my screen I heard a "click" the screen protector then touching my screen.
The case is thinner than most, but there's still a noticeable thickness. It feels like it would probably protect from drops, but the one thing that is terrible about this case is its material. The rubber attracts dust, lint, and everything else around the phone. As a result the case gets very dirty very quickly. It's also hard to get all of the dust and lint off the case since rubbing it off just moves it around.
I bought it a while ago, but did not actually plug it in to use it till about a month ago. The apple watch charger did not sit well in the stand, even after using clear tape to secure it better and my apple watch never charged. Neither did the phone, it was an absolute hit or miss. After daily attempts to make this work, I was going to disassemble it and just use the changers separately, but oh no, the cheap screws holding it on the bottom stripped after just putting in it once and would not release, could not loosen it using anything at all, and also cut the charging cord. So now I'm out of money for the stand and I have to also buy a new apple watch charger! I can see the item to be well built, just bad design details. Use better quality screws guys and perhaps have the watch charger fitted from the top down and not from the bottom up. Not happy.
I have had this product for a little over two months. I wanted to love it. I don't. I do love the built-in charging cords and the LED capacity display. I'd even be OK with the weight/chunkiness factor if it provided the charging power promised in the product description. Unfortunately, it (mine at least) doesn't. It uses most of its battery to charge my iPhone once, and it uses its entire battery to charge my iPad mini to around 30%.
Update!!!!!!! My first initial impression of this case was that it was great. But I have had it about a month now, and it has totally cracked in several places.. I dropped it a few times but nothing that would warrant it to break like this. Save up and buy the real deal. This is a great case! And a great price! I have had a lifeproof case, and this is just as good. Easy to install , user friendly instructions. Seems to be very durable. Highly recommend!
Got this as a replacement for my SO's Pixel 2 but, this is constantly losing connection so it really wasn't worth it in the end. Went and spent way more on an official Pixel headphone jack adapter in the end.
I received the product and the "screen protector was cracked, the wet wipe was disturbingly dry. The case looks like it was the inner shell of a 2 set case and offer little to no protection.
Weak and easy to break.
If laying face down the screen touches the surface this case doesn't give full coverage. The stand is cheap when placed face up it's not flat. My phone rocks or wobbles.
Everything was wrong with it not even the right size the film was ripped and the metal was all dented still my phone still needs everything to be fixed not very happy I couldn't return it but thanks anyways for the Effort you tried
I dunno what's up with these but one month later and all three have stopped working, lol. Win some / Lose some.
The magnet piece fell apart and doesn't work anymore.
Its missing the screen protector. Package was open when I got it.
Privacy filter is good, Installing was easy, but you literally have to pound your fingers on the phone to get things working. Too bad I can't return it cuz I threw the box away.
Not a fast charger, even though it claims to be. Pretty blue light haha
Shortly after buying, all the chargers had their metal tips break off. Very cheap quality.
Was not please with this. It's too heavy and hard to put on.
The two cables just destroyed not a month. I know the first orders was good but the may one just destroyed using in a month. Please am ordering another one i need a quality one.
It won't stay clasped, it keeps sliding.
Phone holder was smaller than the Samsung J3. Belt clip broke after only 4 months.
The case was itself was not bad but when I put my phone in it, it made the case bigger than it should. The case that holds the phone didn't come off from the whole wallet, so when answering a call, you have to put up the whole wallet to your ear. I literally put it on my phone to try it out and took it off and placed it in a drawer ever since. Waste of money.
I bought this device to track total energy consumption over a day, week or month. It doesn't do that, it only gives you current consumption not total consumption over time.
Reasonable price, easy to set up, but gets terrible reception. I am only able to use this product 1/3 of the time, really disappointed
Flimsy. Bought because it was a two pack (one for mom and one for dad). Truthfully, I wish I would of returned it, but mom said it was fine.
Within a few weeks of having this on my iphone, the protector got scratched twice.
They still work on the Moto G6 but they don't fit properly as they should. I thought at first they sent me the wrong pack but nope it claims it was for the Moto G6. All I can truly say is be careful when ordering from this company.
It was on the boyfriends phone and he dropped it and it cracked and broke. So claiming it will sustain a 12 foot drop is false! Color is nice but durability is a 0
I have to admit I'm pretty surprised to read all these good reviews. It is a complicated job, with many tiny pieces and tinier screws. You will need top-notch eyesight. While I see they tried to do a good job on the instruction manuel it's not clear enough that it explains the complicated little maneuvers to remove the screen and the little ribbon connections safely and to reattach the little covers and parts. A youtube video is a must. I don't recommend this kit. It's very easy to bend a little pin on the ribbon connector sockets and ruin your phone. I know two people who've ruined their phones completely trying to do it themselves. Try it at your own risk.
At first this worked as promised. However over too short a time, around a month, the clip that held the unit to the grill bent to the point that it would no longer hold. I had an iPhone 4S and it should have been able to support it.
They are a hard plastic and I've had them about a month and one side already has static sound in it. Sometimes one side stops working and they don't really cancel the noise around you. On the upside the battery life is good. Sometimes I'll charge it on Friday and I won't have to charge them again until Monday, using it sporadically over the weekend.
I have used this item for 8 days. I initially like it but today I dropped my phone from a height of about 2 feet onto a vinyl floor. The front glass popped off, will not stay in place and cracked when I tried to fit it under the lip of the back cover. Very disappointing.
I really liked this phone ring. It does what it's supposed to: helps you hold on to your phone comfortably. The ring spins in whatever direction you want it to and sticks really well to your phone. It sticks so well, in fact, that I had trouble getting it off when I wanted to reposition it. Unfortunately, when I did finally get it off, it's not reusable like I thought it was supposed to be... if I put it back on my phone, there will be so many bubbles and bumps, it won't look as good as it did before and probably won't stick as well. Really disappointed because the rose gold matches my case perfectly.
I love this case; it is as beautiful as it looks online but it won't stay put together no matter what I do. Not sure if I have mismatched set.
The goal of this power cord was to avoid making a custom cord and save time by buying a pre-made cord. The RJ11 (phone-plug-style) end for the detector fits fine and the braided cord cover is a nice touch to protect from abrasion between your mirror trim cover and the windshield, but the small spade connectors at the other end are completely useless for most any car's multi-connector harness to your mirror power source. The installed mini-spade male ends are far too large to be inserted alongside the OEM connector pins in my car (it's hard to imagine what car uses such a large multi-pin connector that these would work). At first, I tried filing the connectors to a smaller size, but they then become so flexible and brittle that they can no longer be used. I ultimately ended up cutting the pre-installed ends off and soldering on some GM pin-style connectors purchased from NAPA, which could be inserted into the OEM connector. Now it works fine, but simply not worth the hassle
Not happy with it, upgrading soon
It did not fit it was too big
It does it's job protecting the phone but it crumbles so easy after about 3 weeks.
The color wore off this case pretty quick and the ring/stand that was adhered to the back peeled off pretty quick. Not terrible but definitely not worth the price!
It charges ~incredibly~ slowly, as in the speed of the generic Android cable from the dollar store.
This was not at all what I expected. The product was very difficult to assemble and came with many extremely tiny screws that could easily get lost. It is very flimsy and easily breakable. When put together, the cords have to be secured in so you won't be able to unplug the cord and move it easily. I returned this produce immediately.
doesn't help reception much
I purchased this screen protector and it did protect my iPhone 7 when it fell onto the ground, but the screen protector itself got cracks all over it. The company advertises " Lifetime no-hassle warranty provides easy lifetime protection for your tempered glass screen protector" however they don't seem to honor the warranty and will not respond to the 3 emails I have sent to them this last month.
they broke in the first day
I liked the look of it but it does nothing to protect my phone. I dropped it from about 3 feet high and my whole screen shattered.
I bought this because it was one of the few screen protectors available for the Pixel 3 at the launch date. It's only ok. The edges don't seem to be peeling up and it doesn't negatively affect the touch sensitivity. However, since there's only adhesive at the edges, the center raises up creating a rainbow effect and visible dot matrix. The glass also covers the front-facing cameras, which I'm not wild about. It'll do until I can get something better.
....they only last about 4 months each. I've purchased tempered glass screen protectors for an older iPhone model in the past from a different vendor and never had any problems with them breaking. These ones however, seem to break on average about every 4 months---not huge cracks but cracks nonetheless and don't seem to be worth the price. Easy to install but easy to crack too.
When I first received this it worked perfectly! Then all of a sudden it started playing too fast... way too fast. I've replaced the batteries and cleaned it but there seems to be some sort of issue with the circuits. I'm disappointed.
The thermostat was way off on mine, tank was at 76 and it wouldnt heat unless turned to 90.
Mount tends to flop around due to the weight of my phone. Keep having to adjust it.
Any time I dropped my phone the screen protector would just pop off.
I use this product for about a year. The sidebar is off from the back penal. I had claim the warranty to Maxboost. However, they did not response to me. Very disappointed.
One of the cables stopped working after a month.
*****update, the left one stopped working the other day. I used to like them but they didnt last long at all.
I like the ring but now it is way too loose that sometimes doesn't even stand!!!!
I liked the color, but my credit cards don't fit. I wouldn't recommend
They r nice but they don't stay in the ears
I ordered the wrong case but will order another one
UPDATE: I've used these for about a month, and all of them are already not working. :( These were a very good deal. But I've only had them for a couple weeks and they're starting to get touchy and will stop charging if in a certain position. I'll have to replace them here soon.
Clip broke after one week
Product quality is regular. However negative rating is cause any bump on the road will make this thing to turn my phone face down so you have to manually put it back to a normal position again. Stay away, save yourself.
It doesn't say it's for the iphone 7 PLUS. I am sill on here looking for one in red that's not huge.
Out of 4 that I received only 2 work. Not happy with the quality of it.
Though I-Phone 8 Plus fit, the quality of the material was not good nor what I expected. The strap color is different shade of pink and overall was not satisfied with the wallet case.
I dislike the fact that it only has one out of the three holes and does not fit onto charging port with screen protector on.
Did not like this case. Bulky and somewhat loose-fitting, with impeded access to the bottom-up swipe function on the iPhone X. Much worse than the previous Spigen case that I purchased.
While the case has great grip, it actually made it very difficult to take my phone in and out of my pocket. I've had the case for three months and the rubber exterior of the case is already peeling off. Would only recommend if you don't typically keep your phone in your pocket.
The screen sensitivity with this on is absolutely terrible.
The case itself is nice. Durable, snug, and the design is nice. BUT the charging cable does not fit in without taking the case off because the cutout is funny. Also the hole for the headphone jack is on the wrong side 😕. So I am returning.
Great products. But came in three shipments. And i only read two shipments. I had to pay $50 for the wiring kit during installation i didnt think they shipped. Now i have a wiring kit i can't use, because i wasn't informed it was three shipments a few days apart.
Breaks in about a month of use. There's like 3 places where shorts can happen so expect that. But works great until then.
These pens have a defect in the barrel. However, they look wonderful but if you roll the barrel to reveal the pin to write it works OK. But when you retract the barrel it goes back and never returns. What is disappointment for such a beautiful pen
Very slow at best and takes to long to make connection.
I was so excited to get this. It fit perfectly and was the color I wanted. I received this 4 days ago, late in the day. It is already fraying and starting to fall apart. I am glad I only bought the one as I had planned to get other colors. Now I won't bother.
I did not receive the case as described in the pictures, I was frustrated. It was my first disappointment with the Amazon and some salesman
Not crazy about this product, it doesn't seem to fit the entire size of the screen, which is very noticeable. It just doesn't look properly lined up around the front camera either. Edit to add: will be returning this product, because of the poor fit my phone was scratched, it also gets super smudged and dirty fast.
I liked it at first glance and use, however by the second day of use the ring was loose providing me any of the support that I needed. Giving 2 stars only because it's cute but that's pretty much it. Disappointed.
I had a lot of faith in this product but when it arrived I was unfortunately, let down. The sides of the frame are much wider than expected and the sound quality isn't true bone conduction. It's honestly just very small speakers that when turned up at full volume, everyone around you can hear what you're playing. Additionally, for the price, they could at least come with a case and not a folded cloth.
Hole for headphone jack in wrong place. Poor construction.
This gets the job done - just barely. OF course for the price I should not have expected more. Clasp sticks. Hard to get the cards out. Weird material on the outside that seems to stick to or catch everything.
The screen cover went on easily and looked nice, but compromised the screen's touch sensitivity. I removed it and replaced after 3 frustrating days.
Just opened the package and the screen of the game boy is pretty scratched and the speaker are soo bad; it has the tin sound of a broken speaker. It doesn't really gen close to fit my phone.
This phone is problematic. It randomly reboots when using Google Maps, opening Camera when the battery goes bad. It also overheats and has ghost touch. However, the next gen G5 has these issues fixed
Same as others after few months lost a channel well it comes and goes. The sound is great to bad this is such a common problem it seems with this model amp. I gambled and lost
Did not stay fixed to my Galaxy .I tried it .on two phones ,same results.
Color fades quickly, and the material has started to chip around the bottom edge. Everything sticks to the material, It pulls out your pocket lining every time you go to take it out. Not a huge fan of the case after a month.
I order this holder because i thought it was a cute way to wrap my earbuds. And it is! It opened, I wrapped the cord up very satisfied with the purchase. Unfortunately the first time I went to unsnap the holder, one of the rivets holding the snap broke off. I bought this for a trip and don't have time to replace. I popped the other side off and used a twisty tie to secure it so I could still get use out of it.
This screen protector was easy to apply, and I had it for a while. Unfortunately, I dropped my phone on the metro floor and the iPhone screen still shattered. The screen protector was okay, but not the screen.
This product was affordable and easy to install. I have had it on for a couple of weeks so far with no durability issues so far. However, the privacy protection of this screen cover does not work very well, or as well as others that I have used. You can still see what's on the screen from the side at several angles. Better than absolutely nothing, but if you care about your screen privacy I would choose another brand.
stopped charging my phone within a few weeks, had to return it
Broke after 6 months with good treatment. It's not one of the most expensive ones out there but still. Go for better quality.
Just got myself a nice smart trainer and was looking for an iPad mount. Thought this would be a solid choice. Out of the box looked pretty good piece. Instructions were very clear and straight forward. Once installed and I started to use it I noticed it was very wobbly and a little loose. Disassembled and tightened everything down popped it back on the bike. Still noticed that it was wobbly, I wouldn't recommend this product the arms holing the iPad are good, it's the connection between that and what holds onto the handlebars is the weak link. Skip over this product and look elsewhere.
It looks pretty good but I couldn't make fingerprint work and I followed all instructions but nothing.
The other speaker can not hear you well, And Bad battery life .
One of the plastic came broken and didn't fit right.
This isn't tempered glass...this is very flimsy plastic. Misleading.
I used this for my Samsung Tab S3. It recognized the ethernet cable and data; however, it would not pass quick charge. It showed “slow charging” and battery was draining while hooked up to the original charger by Samsung.
Turned yellow after a while
Worked ok until attached one of those finger holder on the back of the phone. With a holder, phone no longer can fit since there's not enough space at the back.
Cool at first. But the magnets attract dirt and soon start to lose contact. Cleaning is a pain, and therefore charging is a pain
They are too short and constantly coil up.
The hands are in the way of the phone face. And it's bulky.
This is definitely not the best screen protector. The sides do not stick easily. Even after thoroughly cleaning multiple times. The black edges give less room for error.
Will not stay on my s8 plus, it's almost like it's too small for the phone. You can see the adhesive edges on the screen when using.
the magnet that holds the ear buds in is not strong at all and they fall out all the time
Liked that it was pokemon. Did not stick long to the phone.
The little clip that props the phone up for viewing is very easy to break. Also, It doesn't really prop the phone up to were I would like it to be.
Don't put anything heavy on the and expect it to stay verticals... it will only stay up a short time..
I have to be honest, this is the first review I've ever written on Amazon. If you put more than one card in this case the bottom half pushes the case off of the phone just enough to leave the front unprotected. This is the first time i have ever cracked my iPhone screen because of it. The glass protector did nothing. Also the protective coating on the cloth wore off very quickly.
The minimum waist size for this item is 40". Even with twisting the waist belt, it slides right off. This is not suitable for swimming or water parks unless your waist measurement is 40 inches or larger. Also, the black bag is transparent, so it's not suitable for carrying credit cards or other personal information.
Doesn't actually work. Says it's connected, but won't ring
I really can't tell you how much I want to like this phone. It's a great phone at a great price, but like others, the ONLY problem that I have had with it is that as I talk on the phone, the call will drop, I look down and there is no service. The phone stops recognizing the sim card, so I hit the top left corner on my hand, and it will recognize the sim card again. It may just be a may just be the connection to the sim card, and I may attempt to dissemble it to see if I can fix it, but it appears this happens with other Blu phones as well. Love the phone, it's great for everything I use it for, but it has started to drop calls more frequently, like three times in 15 minutes last night.
Does not browse without connecting to WiFi here in my country NIGERIA.
I bought these to be able to use my Bose corded headphones for long conference calls while charging my phone. They do not work for this function.
Did not last a full year. The fan started making loud noises. Will not buy again.
Cases were difficult to open. I used these for a color run and the color got all over my phone even though the case was fully closed
I bought this item in March of 2019. By July, it had become frayed and was shorting out. The date to return the item, April of 2019, had passed of course. I am sorely disappointed and would not recommend this product to anyone.
Very cute and lightweight, but it scratches and cracks SO easliy. You get what you pay for in quality.
once in a while ill press my thumbnail into the screen and itll leave an indent that will reform but it feels clearly thinner. once a corner peels, itll peel right off
Doesnt match the image on amazon page. leaves red paint on your wrist. I do not recommend it to be bought by anyone.
It was the wrong size
Weak magnetic closure. Would not stay closed
The product is great and exactly what I wanted.... only problem is, is that I ordered and wanted the orange one and was sent a pink one!!! NOT HAPPY about that at all!! And yes, Rep was happy to make it right for me but it was going to be more trouble than it was worth! I had to wait at least two weeks before I could get my refund so that I could order another one!
I'm not exactly sure what went wrong with this build. It looks great but it never stayed on the phone. How can it protect a screen if it never stayed on the screen? It wasn't just my phone either. My father and brother both had it on their phones and had the same problem. I just thought they erred in it's installation. Just trash
It melted with the heat on high with the placement on the vent. I had to reglue
edges chipped after a day..
Every 2 min or so, there is an audible clicking noise traveling through the headphones. It gets frustrating having intermittent interference regularly.
I've got a horrible reactions on my wrist from these bands (bruises)
Like the price but the quality of product is very poor because the material was not smooth enough to remain in contact w/ my skin. Out it goes in the garbage
Stopped working shortly after purchasing. The reviews are correct. Don't waste your money.
These are small and very comfortable to sleep in. They give great noise cancellation and the sound is great for the size and use of sleeping. The reason I give these headphones such a low rating is because I have now purchased 2 sets and both sets quit working in one earbud or both within only a few weeks of working! They develop a short in the wire attached to tiny speaker in the silicone earpiece and once that happens it's just a matter of days before the ear if goes out completely. I've seen others review them similarly and was just hoping I'd be one of the lucky ones that they work for. I am very sad because I loved them so much. So I've ordered different brand. Fingers crossed they work!
The earbuds were OK and I could hear ok but callers could not hear me via the mic. I sent this back and ordered a Panasonic brand. They are way better.
Great size for large tablets, very light-weight, nice coating, inexpensive and simple. BUT the little tightening knobs will not hold the stand in place properly for more than a few hours, no matter how tightly I turn them and I can see that the knobs will inevitably break too soon as a result thereof. Whether a poor design choice or planned obsolescence, this design flaw makes it difficult to recommend this stand. I am keeping it because I need something now for my kitchen table, so I will see if I can modify it to work better for me.
Video is nonfunctional after 3 road trips with the device.
I received the wrong product, edge vs not edge case, returned it and went to purchase the correct one only to find it was 5 dollars more. I just wanted a straight exchange but of course I was the only one making this effort.
It came cracked so I have to return it and reorder but I think I missed the return deadline. Seemed like a great idea.
Battery does not last as long as it should
It was very difficult to adjust the band and the band is a lot heavier than I thought it would be
Only had battery one year and it won't take or hold a charge.
They stopped working after a week
I loved these... when they worked. I listen to calming music or hypnosis while I sleep and they worked great but... only lasted 6 months of use and not every night either which I was bummed about it. Switching back to Panasonic. Those, at least, last a year.
Let me start by saying I do like this watch band. it is comfortable and easy to adjust they even give you a tool to remove the links. My oly downside and te reason for such a low review is only because the colors scratches off too easily.
After the warranty ended I started having tons of connection issues :(
Works fine but has popped off a number of times whenever I do something active... kind of defeats the purpose of the fit bit.
I used for an 04 325i and i had to cut the trim to fit the stereo in (BOSS) and the antenna adaptor didn't work, i went to local audio shop for the correct adapter.
I like the look and feel of this band, but the buckle keeps coming undone. Once it detaches where it attaches to the actual watch after I had been wearing for over a week already. Would not buy again. May need to purchase something else so that I don't loose my watch all together.
This screen protector does NOT fit well. Bubble on the corner. Its ok, its until the good review one comes out. At least I would not hesitate to toss it away.
Not what I expected. You must thread your chargers through each station. Will need a power strip to charge all three items. I expected in thing to plug in and it charge all my devices. Boo
They do not fit well but the phone will charge.
Its a really light case but the volumen key are so weak they o ly lasted for two days
Arrived with scratches on the plastic screen. Did the water test and kept the case submerged for two hours and there was a small amount of water inside even with all seals and gaskets securely in place. Bought this to protect my phone during a half marathon where rain was forecast. Thankfully it did not rain. It was extremely hard to remove the case once the phone was sealed inside so most likely the seals are now damaged. Served its purpose for the day, but now cannot be used again. Next time I'll pay the extra money for a name brand case that I know will withstand multiple uses.
The black color faded after only ONE DAY of use!!! :( Please look at my pictures where you can see clearly where the color faded away. Also the overall feeling of the band is very cheap - kinda flimsy and feels plastic, especially around the hinge where it attaches to the watch. Not really expecting OEM quality with a wrist band this cheap, but still very disappointing!
Back of the case is super sharp like there is a separation between the glass and the gold part. I have cut my hands a couple times already!
One of the questions asked if it would fit the S Gear 3. They answered yes. It does not.
My phone battery is not working properly after I put this case on. I don't know why.
I am very disappointed with the design of this case as it did not protect my Note 9 as it says it does. There is a design flaw in the corner of the case where the Note 9's pen is located. When my phone was dropped on a flat concrete surface, it was badly scuffed both on the phone and on the note pen itself. If you work in an environment where you might drop your phone on a hard surface, consider another case by spigen or another manufacturer.
Returned it because it would not stay in my vent for the life of me. If I took a turn too fast my phone would could flying out!! Sent it back for a full refund without the box (didn't know you could do that!)
Dont understand how people use it. It gives a round picture and quality is not great. Not sure if we are supposed to crop the picture from the round pic in the middle. Waste of money.
This item does NOT fit a Samsung Note as expressed in the description. The item would be great otherwise.
I love the phone came in good condition but there is no caller if in settings so all my outgoing calls are private
I loved this product until the arm snapped in half as I was adjusting it. I have only had this since October. So disappointed.
Earphone part too loose, and falls out.
We purchased this on Sept 8th and has been on the phone for a month and the camo coloring on the back is completely worn off already. It looks awful and we are not happy!
Brand new, easy to install. The range is very low, even 20 foot kill signal in 70%. Overall it is working, but you get what you paid for.
This the case I use to use. But, after terrible customer service to resolve a simple issue, I am issuing a well deserved 2 Stars. I will not purchase from them again. Extremely disappointing.
I bought 2 cases for my husband and my new iPhone XR. He set his up without a problem. I waited to see how his worked before I set mine up. The following happened ...either the sound worked fine, or there was my own voice trying to talk to him, but my voice sounded extremely loud and echoing! He heard me fine, but I sounded loud to myself and highly echoing. It was frustrating! I did look and found other reviewers complaining of the same problem. I returned mine for another waterproof case that was really pricey, but had no sound issues. I can't say that the Ghostek didn't look good, because it did. It was easy to set up and was waterproof. It was all of those things, but I found it was better for me to get a different one that's more reliable with its sound quality. I hope this helps.
Didn't fit well. Pops up in the middle which makes it difficult to text.
Went on clean and clear and looked good on the phone, but I just had to rip it off and throw it away. The touch response was terrible. Personally I could not deal with it on a daily basis. I've just come to accept there are no good tempered glass screen protectors for this phone. The official protector from oneplus is better at touch response, but too overpriced and breaks easily.
To get it to charge the garmin, we have to use a clip hold with it. It won't click into place like the garmin brand.
They seemed comforting but the mic is messed up too much static
It doesn't hold do well the phone and the charger doesn't work well too
knockoff Otterbox. The home button is hard to press for a 5S. outer shell is great, the hard plastic shell is cheap and flimsy.
The charger was unstable and barely charged my phone. It also broke after falling once from the dash
Required a credit card to activate and in small print this has you agreeing to a monthly subscription and they charge your credit card $15 every month. BEWARE!!!
You can hear the caller fairly well and media as well. However the caller on the other end cannot hear me unless I talk reaally loud, ( borderline yelling ) and they say I am cutting in an out. Good for listening to media, but not ready for prime time with phone calls.
does not stick to phone, gap between glass and screen.
After about a dozen times of using it totally went bust on me. It keeps flashing red and blue and the trouble shooting directions isn't working for me. Pretty disappointed.
Burnt out 2 IPad minis it's still in good shape never got it to work, saw a spark when installed? I have installed hundreds of these. This was a fluke. I took a gamble and lost.
After few months it won't stay up to watch movies. The outside is peeling like crazy...
Touch screen is unresponsive in the corners.
It is similar to the apple silicon case, however it does not hold up over time. Within 6 weeks the material was already peeling and getting slimy to the touch. It is a sturdy protective case, however the material just doesn't last with use.
2 hours after opening package the string attaching the plug to go in the phone came out.
I was very excited about this case, but I didn't realize that it was a soft plastic. I had the case on my phone for about a week when I noticed an air bubble that wasn't there before. I promptly removed the case for fear of it leaking everywhere.
Couldn't get it to pair to two phones!!
Most of the lines did not charge my phone. Even with different plugs. Not happy with purchase.
Didn't really do much in the way of cleaning. Expensive for what you get
HTC Bolt no headphone Jack, Mini usb proprietary, normal mini usb will not fit, have to get expensive blue tooth headphones / ear buds that you have to charge to get to work. Needs a $10.99 Sprint sim card to work with sprint network as advertised. What a load of shit, product not complete. Google is well set up and loaded all previous phone apps for me. Google wants to tuck me in at night if I will only let it. Well anyway. Very disappointed no headphone jack and sim card. Would not have purchased it if advertising would be clear.
DON'T buy the clear versions! We purchased two of the clear backed Symmetry cases and did not have the same positive Otterbox experience as in the past. The clear backed cases seem to have the rubber portion that cover the volume and mute controls wear out and stretch very quickly. This lets a lot of junk get in the case and also looks terrible.
Little protection and it's a poorly made case that won't last buy an otter box trust me
Sometimes you have to unplug the unit and plug it back in after a couple of days charging and getting the watch just in the right spot to charge is sometimes near impossible.
It says water proof not says you can't use for maps not and don't even try texting even for the price it's a rip. It took me all night to find the app to really hook it up on my phone
Like most offbrand iPhone chargers these work great for a bit and then get hit and miss real quick and then just stop working. It's really worth the extra money to buy the amazon basics brand. I cheaped out on these and hot what I paid for.
Hopefully the vendor will send a new one since that one was broken down
Cheap, falling apart. But, not so much that it cannot be used. Nice color.
Nice, but too much trouble to set up. I returned it.
The glitter is awesome! However, this does nothing to actually protect your phone. Even with a tempered screen protector I wouldn't use this. Not worth it.
Fell apart after about a month, the soft silicone later rubs off and out doesn't protect the screen at all.
The ring broke off after less that 2 months
It is more of a bronze gold than rose gold but I decided to use it anyway. I got it on January 27th and as of today (Feb 4th) it has already come completely unstuck from my phone twice. I will be returning this.
If the side button worked it would have been a good replacement for my old cover, however the side button barely works. The only way to get it to function is to press it with a pen or thumbnail. I had to order a different case as Amazon tells me this is not returnable. If I had known that I would never have purchased it
The belt holder broke in 5 weeks!.
The magnet is not very strong, compared to a WizGear mount. Unable to hold up the phone with the metal plate behind/inside the case. The whole unit is metal and seems very durable, but I can't use it because of the weak magnet.
I figured since it's the cheapest case on the market I could risk 8 bucks to give it a try. The buttons are so bad I had to stop using the case in less than one day. Every time you press the power button it sticks down too long and almost shuts off the phone. It would be a much better product if just had a cut out so I could press the buttons directly.
The charger port cover doesn't fit into the port
Sorry to say they didn't stay on they would click everytime you would touch the screen...not the best choice
dropped and broke the hard plactic inside and won't hold the phone, only had it a month, I bought it for my husbands birthday in August. Was delivered end of July.
It charges, but overtime it started to give problems. The light used to be a soft, dimmed white halo that was barely noticeable, but after a time, it started doing this weird bright flashing that is quite annoying. I ended up throwing up to the garbage and going back to my regular charger. Very disappointed. My boyfriend has the Yootech and although it is not as pretty as this bamboo, it works WAY better... I might give it a try.
This looked pretty cool at first, but upon receiving it, I was rather disappointed. First off, I was hoping it would integrate with the apple watch band system, letting you use the rugged case with whatever band you want. It doesn't. You have to take the band off of your watch every time you want to use this. The case and its band are one unit, there's no way to take it off. Now this wouldn't be a huge deal, except that I'm a lefty, so not being able to reorient the band relative to the case is a deal breaker for me. All of that said, if you're right handed and only want to use one band, this may be a good fit for you, definitely no problems with quality or level of protection.
I cannot recommend this watch. I bought it after my Fitbit Ionic died and I was hoping it would be a low cost alternative but it has been a disappointment. The software is buggy and twice it has reset to 12:00 AM after starting a run.
Update Have to fight with it everytime now just to get it to fast charge. I am now having to unplug and plug in my phone 3 times or more to get it to fast charge my Note 5. Not very happy about that. And when it does sometimes I'll leave it charge and come back to fund out it's reverted to cable charge and not fast charge.
Leaves edges unstuck. Otjer brands i habe bought i habe not had this issue with.
It work at first then it wouldn't stay on the suction it will pop out.
one of the 2 was already broken internally and thrown away in the after 3 months of rarely any use.
These cords are kinda okay but kinda junky. I think they may work okay for a while if an adult is using them. They are not made well enough for a kid's fingers though. Either 3 or 4 of the cords are broken already. The part that goes in your phone has broken off in the phone each time. It isn't a problem really. You can pull it out with your fingers, but still, your cord is broken. So for the price, if an adult will be using the cords, they may be okay. It is very nice that they come in various sizes including a couple really long cords, but most of the ones I bought are broken already and I have to order something else, but I do blame it on kid fingers, soooo...
Does not read all the file types. Tough to navigate! Will not use it!
Please contact me. Just my 4th time to use this and the battery gets drained after 30 minutes even w a full charge. I wanna know how to fix this. Great product but sadly I got a lemon
These were awesome for about two months then they stopped working.
Doesn't last very long.
Screen was broken upon arrival...
For the price it's not horrible but it does fit loose if I shake my phone you can feel the phone moving around in the case. Going to change this one soon because I don't think it offers the protection I need.
The device is not supported by iphone. Can't use it
I love the design however it's cheaply made only half the screws would go in and hold everything else was either stripped out or not long enough to fit in to the fittings
Havnt been able to get it in my friend has worked on it twice. Have all attachments n bought the adaptor for my vehicle hoping it will b in and working soon still not working not happy with this product
To short. The phone looks ugly.
its good for light weight springs if your playing with the big boys get the best they make. this product kept bending over and falling off, after awhile the top bent over and that was just after doing 6 springs
Please don't take me wrong this is a great band does everything its promises but the color does not match I thought it was going to be darker and the one I got was a light brown.
This case takes away the entire point of the note 4. There is no cut out for the stylus.
Doesn't fit around the camera correctly. Needs better fitment. The quality is good as always.
They stopped working after a week
These were nice while they worked. However, after a certain period of time, they just stopped working. I did not abuse or mistreat these headphones and charged them regularly. Recently l, these headphones just stopped working all together. They would not charge with any kind of cable and would not turn on. Other headphones like these I've purchased have had similar issues. Conclusion, these headphones are nice and work well enough, but don't expect them to last longer than 5 months.
I got the pink and yellow case and The case seems to be very pretty but it does NOT look pretty on the black iPhone XR. You can't see the colors at all. It also is a bit flimsy So I don't think that it will protect my case. Going to return it mainly because of how it looks on my phone
I'm not a fan of this case. I don't like the way it fits my phone or the way it feels in my hand. I had hoped for a more rubberized feel but this case feels more like plastic. The charging port and headphone jack port covers are awful as well. I would like to return this item but Amazon is going to charge me to return even though it was shipped prime.
Ordered a different brand.
It really interferes with the clicking of the touchpad. You have to have placed perfectly so the remote will even work at all.
Didn't have it a week and product broke, would not recommend.
I bought the red walkie talkie in April 16 and by September 19 one of them will not working. Disappointed in the walkie talkies.
Sound great for voice calls, not so much for music. Light weight and comfortable. The adjustable microphone picks up the softest whisper while not allowing environmental sounds to drown out the conversation. They look cheaply made, but thus far have held up nicely. ETA: The microphone wind screen is just loosely held on by friction. I suggest a drop of crazy glue or a rubber band. Of course mine fell off and was lost already. Lowering review from 5 to 2!!!
Quality is not so great. After receiving the order 1 of the cables did not work. Second cable broke after 1 month usage. I did not test the remainder of the cables
Didn't have it had the wrong charge cable sent with it seller don't sent replacement charging cable can't change unless I get the correct cable.
This pole is too heavy
Turns a sickly green/blue after a couple months
Bought this based on the overall good review and right out f the box 1 of the 5 cords didn't work. Very disappointed and now I'm wondering how long the other 4 will last.
Ok... My finger holder became loose after 2 weeks. Now my phone dont stand up when watching a movie. But great protection for my phone when dropped.
When I put mine on I had bubbles when it was suppose to be bubble free 🤔🤔 Update: I've had this for about two weeks. I have not dropped my phone at all yet my screen protector is cracking around the edges. I've never had this happen. This is not a good protector.
There is no hole for me to plug in my ear buds
Broken after 3 months
It works... kinda... does not allow you to control the sub, sound jumps around. For the price I expected more
It well fit the iPhone X screen, but is not a durable screen protector, only one small drop and it crack easily. I'm giving it two stars only because it looks nice and easy to install, but all in all, it is a screen “ protector”, it must be durable enough to become a good one
This renders the touchscreen very ineffective. I have to push really hard and then the wrong word is selected. Basically made my phone unusable.
Everything is great with this item other than the last three have broken where the arm connects with suction cup. My first one lasted a year before it broke and than the last three have broken within a month or two.
Very disappointed. The style and size are exactly what I need for my very small car - no excessive cables dangling. However, when I tried to use this charging cable while driving with Google maps, it couldn't keep up with the battery drain. My phone continued to lose battery charge in spite of being plugged in with this cable. Since there were two cables, I tried both. Same results.
I bought this to track with my IPhone 8 Plus. After a couple trips, I bought a different one out of pure frustration. First, having to adjust the charger whenever you go from portrait to landscape is annoying. You have to play with it to get it right. Second, the lights are super bright and kept my husband up at night, which is not good. Pick a different charger - this one stinks for travel.
A little bit of halo effect, but was able to reposition and eliminate most of it. Cleaning materials are lower quality than some protectors I've used in the past. Instructions are a funny translation from another language. Worst part is this protector is really thick. Maybe that's normal for tempered glass, this is my first non-film protector, but the sizing isn't quite correct and one side of my screen shows a rainbow, refraction seam. This is not a halo, but because the size of the protector doesn't exactly align to my iPhone 8. I know it is supposed to go on just the flat part, but it is simply too narrow to get the entire lcd, even when positioned perfectly. Rainbow edge is super irritating.
stopping working in less a year
Looks like a good phone, but prepare after like a month of use for the phone to get so lagged up it takes 30 seconds to open an app. Even with daily cleaning it will be very slow. When battery reaches below 15 percent it becomes completely unusable.
Looks cheap and feels cheap....Not a buy
Would not hold my husband large iPhone. Also you can't really angle it on our windshield. Worked ok definitely better than nothing because we don't have a rear view mirror.
Fit well but too thick. Could barely use the touch screen. Had to toss
The mount is very bulky and did not clip in tightly to the vent. The release mechanism is also very bulky. I plan to purchase magnetic holder instead.
Doesn't work. Second pair. Not replaceable this time
So... I had to throw this away. It definitely IS NOT waterproof so definitely try the tissue test before using your phone... as for the sound it has a terrible echo and you can hear every tap you make on your phone during FaceTime or audio phone calls... just no..
The camera side must be flat like a style shell.
Worked great for a month. Stopped taking charge and is pretty much useless now.
The product was fine/average, until the case started to yellow in under a week. I know these cases yellow eventually, but not this quickly.
Protector popped off 1st time the phone was dropped....twice!
The buttons for powering on and off and volume buttons were sticking. They would not always spring up after being pressed.
Not good. Won't stick.
I loved the color and fit but unfortunately after one day of wear the band broke. The plastic piece that goes into the watch stayed in my watch and broke off the actual band.
It worked, charged fast, but as you can see i said worked. It becomes lose in the plug that plugs into phone which is annoying when it gains and loses contact
Despite the expanding clamp being able to grip practically any phone the rig itself is clumsy. with my S10 +, finding a decent balancing point has been a miracle and a half. It took a lot of contorting and weeks of playing with it. You may eventually find a spot, but it will not be quite where you would like it. Go for mounts that use gravity in their favor as opposed to this one that fights it. I.E. one with a suction cup for the windshield.
It's always falling out of my ears and I don't like that
Screen picks up fingerprints easily and doesn't fully adhere to the screen leaving what looks like bubbles around the perimeter of the screen.
They were very comfortable but the battery was never good for more than 2 hours, sound was good, but not as good as buds costing over twice the price, They just quit after a couple of months, Sweat maybe???
Stopped working after only a few usages
It keeps connecting and disconnecting the phone to both the car charger and Android Auto Port. I got annoyed from it and had to buy another cables
I received 38mm instead 42
Terrible battery life, doesn't last as long as the original, now 4 year old, battery. Hard to believe it is brand new,
Love the design on this but it started rubbing on within a couple months.
Two things about this product. #1. if you set it up on your windshield you CAN'T use a windshield cover. #2 the lighter that gives the power to the unit is always disconnects and stops sending power to the unit. Love the way it looks and when it works it works ok but would not recommend buying.
It's held together by weak magnets so every time it gets bumped it falls apart. The charger that goes underneath is a size/shape that doesn't work well with the box. It's a hassle to get it to work without the box falling apart.
This product stopped working, I loved the durability and length of the cords but very disappointed they already stopped charging. It even came with a nice case for them. Too bad
You get what you pay for. I am sure there are a lot better product out there for the price. It works sometimes, but not sure it works efficiently.
I like I can slide it over vent strip and see easily but it doesn't stay put. Flies off when going around corners, bounces a lot. Wouldn't buy another one
the product easily breaks down (after 1 week). The front camera hole does not fit with the front camera.
Great for a skin tight wristband. My wrists were small enough however that I had to cut part of the end off of it so that it didn't wrap back around to the top of my wrist. Took a minute to realize how it goes together and how to put it on oh, but definitely a good wristband for somebody who likes a skin tight fit on their watch. Update: The metal rivet used in this is not made of stainless steel, ie, it is rusting to my skin!
Less than 4 months of normal use and I already need a new case. The rubber is tearing away from the hard plastic. The case itself is soft, but I suppose not very durable. I will be getting a hard case from another vendor.
you can not heard very well out of it
Hi Review Readers I Have bought this item few weeks back and I was very impressed with the touch controls and the front facing camera which is for sure 1080P clarity, but few days later i have connected the backup camera and then realized that the picture quality is very bad it was almost like having a 480P back up camera. I am not sure if the back up camera module that I got is wrong one but I am 100% sure it is not 1080P. I have attached the pictures of front and back so you can see the difference very clearly the front one is perfect where as the back up one is lot distorted and the pixel are more choppy. Will try to post more photos later..... so if you are in market for a good 1080 P back up camera( which was my primary requirement) please see other products but if you are only interested in front 1080P cam then you can surely go ahead and buy this one.
I am so disappointed by this case, and this was not at all what I was expecting. The camera cut out does not stick out all that much, so if you were to drop your phone or slide it on the table, I wouldn't be surprised about the camera being scratched! The case isn't ugly, I just hate that the camera cutout isn't higher. I will more than likely be returning this phone case.
These screen protectors do not last long and the edges lift easily. I went through 2 protectors in 3 months and wonder if the panes are actually tempered.
I received a bad cable (won't slow or fast charge my phone). I have emailed the company with the email address provided in the packing regarding getting a replacement cable but I haven't been contacted, so it looks like i'll return it. Poor customer service.
Doesn't cover the entire glass area, just the screen. Also, will not stick to the edges on either side. There is about a 2MM section on either side where it will not stay down. I'm pretty confident this will collect dust and dirt, and it just looks bad. I know it is lined up correctly because it has the same issue on both sides.It's almost like the adhesive didn't make it all the way to the edge. Disappointed.
This case was overall not the quality I was looking for. The case took damage often when I dropped my phone, leaving obvious white scuffs on the golden plastic. The card slot could not hold a credit card (or any card with texture from writing) without becoming almost impossible to remove from the slot, and even with non-textured cards (like a college ID) it wasn't always easy. The two-piece function ended up not being very helpful; a card would sometimes get stuck in between the rubber and plastic pieces, and the plastic piece broke off completely after about 6 months.
Box had the remote shutter and strap. No instructions, and I tried several different ways to pair with my s9+ ....No luck so far. Seller: please
This case is way too small for my Galaxy S8. Product description is incorrect!
This charger will charge your ipad quickly but not your samsung device. NOT For Samsung!
It was great for about 3 days. The battery continued to charge the phone when the phone in the battery went down but when you plugged the wire in when the phone was in the case and then stopped. When I plugged my headphones into the case it did not connect.
Too big and bulky. Difficult to get off once you decide you don't like it.
Didn't fit with a case on
Was looking forward to this product and while it looks as it does in the photos advertised (I ordered the gold one), it doesn't stick. Straight out of the packaging and the adhesive wouldn't stick at all. Tried giving it and my phone case a quick wipe but that did not help.
I have used Moto G and G3 in the past and this was my third Moto phone. Given a choice, I will not buy this phone again. Pros: Does the basic job and is cheap. Cons - After 6 months of use, the phone becomes slow and hangs. - The jack for the earphone is crappy and there seems to be a loose connection in it. I identified this problem too late, else I would have returned it. - While walking in the sun, the phone becomes very hot and hangs a lot. Never buying a Moto phone again.
Very CHEAP Plastic No US Phone Support No GPS Dongle , Very CLUMSY Menu Leaves User Confused - However Very NICE Video & Audio if you can GUESS how NOT to accidentally shut OFF features . Horrible Interior IF Lighting )-: - Also, the SOS button is ALSO CHEAP w/ weak magnet seems to ONLY capture video NOT still images . - If You Don't Mind Guessing Buttons or Cheap Plastic or Paying $139.00 to be confused THIS Dash Camera is For You
It worked great for almost a year and then it stopped charging in portrait mode. No big deal, although, inconvenient I just started using it to charge my phone in the landscape position. Now it only charges my new S9 intermittently. Its just enough to keep it at its current charge level.
this looks great but due to the fact that it does not come with short wires and I have tried to fine them on Apple sight and couldn't and the knock off brand that amazon sales does not fit; leaves me up in the air but will try drilling larger holes and see if that works.
I cracked my glass on my S7 the other day (tried to save it from falling off the bathroom counter and of course the corner of the counter hits square on the camera lens), so I ordered this one thinking if I messed up, I had a spare to retry. WRONG! The adhesive on the one that I received was on the wrong side of the lens -- on both of them. Disappointed and have since ordered from a different company, but keeping this kit because of the tweezers and bonus lens protector. The lens themselves are useless though.
Worked well initially, but one of the two cords stopped functioning a few months after purchase. Poor quality.
The pictures look great, but the actual item received look aweful.
I have the Note 8 and it's in an Otterbox (commuter). It will not charge through my case. Very disappointing.
Feels like really cheap material. The color is fading already, not scratch resistant and is lacking in phone protecting. It does however looks nice initially and feels good to hold but would not recommend to people looking for a case.
Maybe I except too much out of earbuds, even if they're "durable", but I was nevertheless disappointed when these stopped working less than six months after I got them, with only three months of continual use. One side went out first, and then the other followed suit. Cordless ear buds are looking more and more favorable. The sound was good for the price, if a bit heavy on the lower ends. Gets the job done.
Shakes to much when driving.
Not impressed and returned this item, biggest problem I had was the watch doesn't charge on the holder. The other devices worked okay.
At first everything looked great until you hit a bump and phone calls off. Then hit another and have to catch it... Grrr. By the third time just took it off and went back to my original holder.You need their ring holder. Magnet is no where strong enough for Note 8. Maybe will have better luck with smaller phone.
Very flimsy. Didn't like it
Only lasted 2 months before completely shattering due to chip on edge that was there when I first recieved the screen protector
I used these headphones for about a year and they never had any issues until the right speaker stopped working. Sound quality was pretty good while it lasted, although it'd be nice if the headphones didn't beep whenever playing/pausing music or adjusting the volume.
Sadly, the hole for the headphones isn't large enough to fit some of my headphones. Tried drilling it but rubber doesn't do so well. The sides are grippy enough, but the back is a bit slick.
This charger was great several months but some of the ports have stopped working after less than a year of usage.
fits lose and the speaker is covered up
I have had this product for about 1 year now. I have not used this a lot. Initially the product was great and I could charge my iPhone about 3 times before this needed to be charged itself. Now 1 year later and I do not even get one full charge. I might rethink and get a different brand next time.
Great looking case but didn't protect my phone properly. Disappointed
Buttons don't quite line up correctly. I've bought other cases that are similar in the past that worked better.
Came without a user manual and without any packaging. Just the earbuds in the pod. Have no idea how these work.
Product description said it would fit my Moto G6 but it's slightly too narrow. Also, it's always smudged. I would try a different brand.
Works great. Cord is not of the highest quality and tangles up way too easily. Update: Mic died within a year. Will look towards a higher end mic next time.
18 hr play time is very misleading. After 3 hours you have to put them in the case to recharge from the case then you can use them again. I suppose there is 18 hours worth total. You are also tied to your phone, if you get too far away thry eill cut out, 10-15 yards or so. They also hurt me ears for the first week or two until my ears got use to where the hard plastic makes contact.
Unable to wirelessly charge with this case on
I bought this for my brand new note 9. If you try to watch a video and charge at the same time. You will only charge 10-15 percent an hour. Would be good for night stand. Does the job. Just not as fast as you would hope. Only good for bedside charger.
Extremely thick makes the phone very bulky
Don't gamble with your money, there's only about a 50/50 chance that the battery you receive will work. Waste of money.
Watch arrived in a plastic bag with a cheap neon pink band. The pink doesn't match the rose gold at all! This is a gift and I am embarrassed to even give it to my daughter.
The case itself is beautiful and is exactly what i ordered. However the screen protector it came with was cracked so I can not use it. My suggestion to other buyers is to buy your screen protectors separately.
Had these for less than a week and they broke while taking them out of the iPhone. Very disappointed.
When viewing video that was shot with this case on there is a constant clicking sound in the audio. Take the case off, shoot video and there is no clicking whatsoever. Put it back on, clicking is back. Also sound quality is very poor for the person on the other end of the line when talking over the phone with this case on. Protection seems to be adequate but not worth poor sound quality and ruined videos. Will be looking for another case.
I sent the product back, by the video I assumed it came with a mirror but the case was flimsy and didn't feel like it would protect my phone well enough. It seemed like the clasps that held the back closed would eventually start popping open when being pulled from my pocket.
Well hate to say it, y'all screwed the pooch on this one. Getting system installed and come to fine out, not only was the rear back up camera not with the product, the product itself has issues. Cd/DVD don't work. Won't open. Tell me there's a CD in there and eject... But it goes to another area of the system that has nothing to do with it. Also, y'all forgot the GPS antenna. Thanks, already hard enough using the phone. Best part is that the Bluetooth works, since I can't enjoy a CD or a movie. Packaging was horrible, should slap the hack that did that. Totally unsatisfied and would like a proper unit, with all it glory. Or my money back.
The cover and the back didn't mention is it anti-blue light or not. So is it really anti-blue light cuz on the photo it said yes. It is a gift for my friend so I don't want to open it.
I bought this for my new Samsung galaxy J7 prime and it does not fit the phone correctly. The case feels a bit loose and it covers some of the flash. Not only that ,but the plastic seems very cheap and i dont see myself staying with this case.
This case does not allow me to charge my phone while it is inside the case. It blocks the port just enough to disconnect the cord when you lay the phone down.
I wanted to test this before I go on my trip and I'm glad I did it did not work. I saw many reviews saying the battery life lasted so many days. I charged my phone once and the battery for the case died and my phone did not even reach 100% before it died. So dissapointed requesting a refund
I'm sorry but this protector doesn't do the job. It really doesn't stick at the top of the phone. Dust gets in thru the top from not sealing properly. I tried both protectors and it is the same story.
Liked the slimness of it unfortunately it came scratched and had bubbles under the case to the phone would not purchase again
I dropped my phone and the case is chipped and cracked. You can see scratches all over the back also.
The back cover is really pretty and easy to place on. The "protective screen" is just a new sticky covering that already comes on new phones. Not the protection I was looking for. Would not recommend for people looking for something more durable.
This is a re-review.....got this battery november 2017 and all of a sudden started swelling on me so bad it pushed its way out of the phone. So guys this battery should only last you about a year
It came fast and is very durable but I hate that it's so stiff!!! No movement at all.! It hurts if you wear your watch all day like me., definitely would've taken my money elsewhere. It's cut tho I guess
Cheap but will have to due for now. Invest in a sturdier version. Not what I expected at all 😥
My Gear Fit is two years old and the original band, which was horribly designed, finally broke. I did an Amazon search and settled on this product. What I like - The "watch style" clasp on the band which is far superior to the original band design which just used that little pressure pin that you pushed through a selected hole in the rubber strap. What I don't like - The band attaches at the top and bottom of the face of the Gear Fit. I bought this in late November 2018. It is now mid-January 2019, and the connector mechanism on the top side of the Gear Fit has released from the Gear Fit about 10 times now. When this happens, most of the time I can feel the device slowly sliding off my wrist, but recently, I looked down and realized the Gear Fit was completely gone. I retraced my steps for about ten minutes and found the Gear Fit out in my front yard. I have followed all the recommended steps for properly locking the band onto the Samsung, but nothing corrects this. Unacceptable. While this band was only $10, the low cost is irrelevant if you lose the whole watch because of quality control issues.
Get stained and worn out really easily
The case is fine I think but I bought it specifically for the ring in the back. The ring stopped holding up the phone and broke off three days after I could return it ... wow. Just buy a regular case or something better.
I Couldn't use it as described, little cable doesn't fit to iPhone . I should have returned it but I was lazy , so I use it just as regular tripod without connecting it to iphone
I gave 2 stars sincerely because I had already gotten a tps product and it was alright. However, this time the case failed to fit the moto e5. SIMPLY DISAPPOINTING!
Daughter loved them but have stopped working already.
Not worth the time waiting to get it and cheap made the snap on one I lost it the first day would not trust to proctect my watch!!!!
Screen developed dead pixels and lines 4 1/2 months after use. Had hard case plus screen protector installed from day one. Did not drop, one day it had a small black dot on the screen, then 2 days later developed a bright line from top of screen to dot and two light lines from dot to screen edges. I use a Samsung s7 for work for 2 years, it's been dropped, and banged a lot everyday, no issues with screen at all, might just be a bad Motorola product. Should have bought a new one, as it will cost me $110 to get this one fixed, so much for returns 😠
It worked for a couple minutes with my case on and then stopped. I took my case off and tried it again, worked for a couple minutes then stopped. I have tried moving it around to find the right spot and won't stay connected.
Loved the color until case started staining and is not cleanable. Need to replace soon as it's embarrassing. Had to replace as case could not be cleaned. Black staining all along bottom. Also dirty on front and back of case.
I was expecting real wood, as I've had them before. But this one is just designed to look like wood. I wouldn't have bought it had I known that.
Farming quality has gone down hill. I was looking for a replacement band identical to my Felix 5x. This is their second version of the band and it seemed like it would rip and tear in the environment I work in(like the last one). I opted for a nylon non-quick fit band from another company. I have been very pleased with that option so far. Honestly this band was a huge disappointment, coming from a company that makes a very high quality and rugged af watch I expected more. Garmin you need to step up your game.
This is not for you if you want to use it for audio books or music. I'm going to return them for a better brand.
The camera cover part was missing. Not the right part. It did work but not sure for how long. If you want it to last buy a different one.
Not durable at all. It cracks way to easy
A few issues: 1. If you use a non-apple cable to charge it, it won't fit bcs the opening is too small. 2. We had a hard time time trying to text and touch the screen once installed, unlike the otter box. 3. My wife accidentally dropped her phone from the kitchen counter onto the vinyl floor and it cracked big time. So I'm not happy at all with this case for those reasons mentioned above.
fell apart after a week of use
The plastic shield turns yellow quickly.
Well, they say patience is a virtue and they could not have been more correct! I was torn between the colors Blue and Silver... the Silver color wasn't available for 2 weeks, whereas the Blue color was available next day! So like anyone else who doesn't like waiting, I ordered the Blue color cuz of the bright metal looking finish that the pic portrays and the next day shipping. Well I received the product and I love everything about it... except the color. The Blue is actually a plasticky pale baby blue in person and looks nothing like the bright shiny metal looking pic they use to show the different colors. I love the way it looks and feels and have no problems with it except for the color. Now, I'm not one to nitpick at certain things but trust me, the actual color is so far off from the one pictured that I just HAD to say something so someone else doesn't waste their time ordering this and is disappointed when the item arrives. So this case was ALMOST perfect otherwise.
I bought this, and I loved the case. Unfortunately, within 2 weeks the bottom completely cracked for no reason at all on both sides of the phone. I'm going to be requesting either a new case or a refund.
crack easily, use both screen within a month
Does not work if you have a Loopy case.
Broke within a week. Would not buy again
The product has a poor fit on my IPhone 11 pro. It's really study and will keep the phone protected but isn't something I prefer over the fit. Have to buy a different one
I was hesitant to buy these being they're so inexpensive. I dislike them. After wearing them for 10 min my ears begin to hurt. They are too tight against my head and I have a small head. You can't adjust that either. The sound quality is good and so is the battery life but they're extremely uncomfortable.
4 months later and all of them have stopped working or broken. Do not recommend
Great case but doesn't not fit iPhone XS camera. It covers the bottom of it
I ordered 2 different cases from 2 different suppliers. The difference in the quality was undeniable. I wish I would have noticed this wasn't a prime item. I would have returned it. Poor quality and poor magnet.
I didn't return it just to avoid the hassle, but it is a very low quality case, and it looks very cheap. 2 stars because I received it quickly and in good condition.
It works ok but not for me
Only synchs one at a time can't get it to pair together even when following instructions. Given up, they've never been used...I guess this is why they were cheap.
2 Have quit working within a month!!!
Heavy, bulky and broke right away
Cords lasted less than 2 months before they both randomly stopped charging. Not impressed.
Really affected the quality of your veiw
Nice phone. I have the ZenFone 3 and very satisfied with. This phone would no longer connect to any data. Reads sims cards but doesn't connect to network.. Asus customer service told me to restart and factory restart then said it may be broken. Never been dropped it exposed to high moisture.
This product is great, IF you can get it to consistently detect your heart rate. First, if you buy the Garmin strap and have a small frame the strap won't work at all - it won't pick up your heart rate and is not snug even if pulled as tight as possible. The workaround to that is to use a Polar strap and cut the rubber around the sensors. This does the trip, most of the time. But I'd say at least half (if not more) of the time I look at the watch it just shows 3 lines on it - meaning it can't find my heart rate. So pretty much makes the watch completely useless. I've been using the watch for about 9 months now and although it worked ok for biking, it seems for cardio classes it just can not consistently detect my heart rate. My old Polar watch, although much less fancy, never had this issue. I am just about to consider junking this watch or selling it on ebay and buying a Polar watch as I hardly even wear the watch now since it's not accurate.
One of the reviews said this was not too bulky... I have to disagree, this is indeed far too bulky. The phone no longer fits into my 6th pocket, making this case useless for me. I opened it 5 minutes ago and should probably return it, only I feel silly in having ordered it to begin with. It makes the phone look HUGE.
Looks nothing like the picture. Does not pull put all the way and it's crooked
it is hard to use phone by touch. doesn't fit my Galaxy S8 very well.
This is a very slim beautiful case. The problem is that after 4 months I discovered a crack in the main body of the case. I have emailed the company with no response. Their website does not offer a phone number to call.
Cheaply made wasnt impressed sent back.
Clip isn't strong, rubber tips came off after a few days, not easy to bend to correct viewing angle.
This was exactly what I was looking for so I bought two. They worked great for about a month. One of them stopped charging, I replaced it and within 6 months both chargers stopped charging. I'm not interested in replacing the product every six months.
Bought these because of others reviews. One didnt work from start. Others slowly stopped working. I wouldn't buy them again. Packaged very nicely.
Upon receiving this item the screen protectors were actually damaged but this is not what I gave this screen protector only 2 stars. While I was debating if I wanted to ask Amazon to exchange it for me I had it measured with my mother's iPhone 7Plus and the screen protector was definitely smaller than the actual screen. I understand that most screen protectors do not cover the entire screen because the phone case might push up the protector but this one is way too small. If it is too small than I can't even consider how good the quality will be.
Curls on the edges and doesn't seal.
I purchased from Amazon on May 15, 2018 hoping it would track my heart rate during sleep as well as fitness during workouts, and use all of the other features. I had to connect with Google fit which eventually pulled all data from any device into its app. I could NOT download the heart-rate data, but that's typical with Google Fit. BUT, I could not turn off the heart rate monitor. At times I would just see a flashing green light under the watch that would continue for 5-15 minutes while the watch was off. It would happen some time during the day, and then other times after a work-out when I'm trying to shower, I'd take off the watch and it would just do that. Some time when I got back from the shower, it would still be flashing and then I'd put it back on. The battery is the one thing that kills me...when I have it connected to my phone, it will go from 6:30am when I get out till about 2 or 3pm, then I put it in airplane mode to last till about 4 or 5pm, and then the screen goes dark because it's only at like 5% and will only turn on when I push the button. Currently, I can not get it to hold a charge. It says it's charging, but it was like that for 2-days now and so i'm writing this review. Pros: Light weight, loved the white color that I received. No "flat tire" display, integrated heart-rate monitor and transfers data to google fit. Received notifications and calls. Cons: Battery drained quickly with my usage...I didn't even answer calls on the watch. Call quality when I did use it was horrible. Notifications showed up from my phone like 3-5 minutes after I saw them on my phone and computer. After 15 months, the whole thing will not take a charge.
I have used screen protectors for my watch, iPhone and iPad so I have had plenty of experience putting these things on my devices. I CANNOT get the bubbles out of these and once you take the protector off the watch and try to reply it gets worse and worse. Now one of them is worthless and I am on the second attempt. Maybe that's why they come in packs of three?!?
Rubber parts are a bit flimsy. Wasn't what I expected.
I didn't need it to do much, but it's oretty flimsy and doesn't go very tall. The base is quite wide also.
Arrived very promptly and took me 2 mins setup. Very slick design and comfortable to the ears. Update: Left earplug is not synchronizing with the right earplug anymore although the left earplug is turning ON. No help from customer service yet.
Broke a day after putting it on the phone.
I purchased this case twice. I had to return one because the plastic front cover broke in the upper right corner by the volume/lock buttons. The replacement I received lasted 3-4 months before the exact same thing happened. Never been dropped, always carried in a bag with its own compartment. I really wanted to love this case, but the fact it keeps breaking on its own made it impossible.
I ordered this product and unfortunately dropped my phone within a week of putting on this cover. It's very slippery and a little bulky. Makes holding the phone hard. It broke right away with the fall which wasn't from very high. Not good with smaller hands.
I've had theses headphones for 6 months, and they're starting to fall apart
Good screen. Nice screen protector. Easy to install and working perfectly so far ... EDIT: a few days after install I noticed the screen was splintering on the edge and a small crack running across the corner. Have not dropped or hit the phone on anything and have the protective cover on. Emailed company, no reply after a week.
its a pretty cell, but the camera is no good, and i have it just for 8 months and its dead,suddenly turn off and no charging, nothing. never drop in case all the time perfect condition o guess you get what you pay for. looking for looks this is your phone looking for a good phone dont buy.
As you can see pictures attached! Just snap & broke today 1st one off the earphones stop working Now this Can i get a new one is not even 3 months yet
You really have to push down hard on the screen. I wish there was a way that I could adjust the sensitivity of my watch screen.
used these chargers for about 2 months,one just stopped charging the other day.The cord were good.
Fit: perfect, installation: easy, quality: 0 of 5. I had no problems installing and love the way it looks on my phone but the glass is not as thick as those I've had the the past and thus it cracks very easily. It's not completely broken but has cracks that can easily bruise the skin.
The suction cup has difficulty sticking to anything but glass and flat plastic, and the arm doesn't hold very securely, it's always bouncing up and down. Probably worth the money for a very adjustable mount, but not awesome.
Pros: Sound quality is nice, though I think it's a bit biased toward the highs. You might need to boost the bass & mids to balance it out a little. The sound from the cassette is minimal and not noticeable when you're playing music. Cons: In the winter, the tape pops out frequently in the beginning until it warms up. I usually just put it directly in front of the heater a couple of times to warm it up quickly and stop the tape ejection. The durability isn't great. Be careful not to accidentally/intentionally yank it.... Otherwise the inner wires might snap or something. I accidentally did it once, and now the volume dropped by half, which is pretty disappointing since the usage has only been about 2 weeks.
I have been looking for an inexpensive pair of bluetooth headphones for some time. I wanted a pair that didnt fall put of my ears and had a decent range. I was disappointed in these because they continue to fall out while on the elliptical and the range at the gym is only about 15 feet until it starts to cut out.
This thing takes AA batteries. It isn't exactly clear, when looking at it, that that is the case. It is a real flimsy device, clever, but cheesy. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
As the headline says, the belt clip broke where the pin goes thru it. The case is fine, but I bought it because it has a clip.
Can't use these with a case. They fall off. They crack. Should be stated in description.
Clip spring doesn't have enough strength in it barely clips shut and easily falls off.
This case is NOT for an iPhone 7 Plus. It is so extremely small, that I believe it is for the iPhone 6. Have to return; very cute though.
Did not, repeat did not perform as expected! Didn't want to hold charge for very long, extremely disappointed after reviews I read on amazon...sigh
Ear fob cords too short
The product claimed that the edges wouldn't lift up. It was installed correctly. I've had it on my watch less than a week and the edges are lifting. I wouldn't purchase these again.
Doesn't seem to be case friendly. I've tried several style cases. Shows fingerprints. First one applied showed plenty scratches and never even put my phone near my keys. Weird. Didn't have that issue with the second one. By it not sticking on the edges, it look unsightly and takes away the sexiness of the phone. If I'm going to protect the front of this phone, it only makes sense to me to protect the back as well. Looking for a different brand that is case friendly.
The ring broke off from the case after only 2 months of use. Would not but this again.
While the design is robust the fit is poor. Contrary to the product photo, the camera opening is in the wrong place and so the case does not fully close. Also, the opening is too narrow for all but one of my charging cables.
starting to peel of after a couple weeks
Fingerprint scanner doesn't work. Even when I calibrate the screen to make it more sensitive. It's a real pain and I already bought another screen protector and I'm waiting for it to come.
I've had this phone for about 5 months now and I can honestly say this is one of the worst phones I've ever had. I was looking for a cheap replacement for my LG G3 that I had for a few years and saw some decent reviews with BLU phones. Well after about a month I started getting complaints from friends that they would try to call me and would get a disconnected line message. I contacted BLU about this and tried of few of their steps to solve the issue and eventually had to send out the phone. After 5 weeks I got my phone back and tested it, again I was not able to receive calls. I should mentions that I tested the sim card on my LG and everything worked fine. so I contacted BLU again and told them I was still having issues, after jumping through the same hoops with hard reset etc. they finally agreed that my phone might be faulty. I received a new phone after 5 weeks and everything seemed to be working correctly, now I'm starting to get the same complaints from friends and family that they can't call me. I'm just fed up with this phone and looking into buying a real phone from a real manufacturer. Lesson learned, you get what you pay for.
The finger censor doesnt work very well, not happy with it at all.
Followed instructions to the letter, was perfectly smooth and then bubbled up on the corners in 2-3 days so had to remove because it looked like crap.
It seemed like such a good screen protector, unfortunately, it didn't fit with a case it would pop right off and the sensitivity was terrible with it on .
I thought they would've fixed this by know but Speck doesn't seem to care that their products are defective. 4th one that breaks after less than 2 months of usage.
Took a long time to get shipped.. Package came in Styrofoam and packing tape....got for my XR iPhone....now my phone screen looks like bad pixel resolution.
The surface got scratched up so easily, within a week it looked several years old.
It says it was delivered. I paid for next day. My package never came.
The product had issues with the charging. It was obviously refurbished and the battery port was damaged before I received it.
The 10' cable would not charge my iPhone. The other length cords seem to be working well so far.
Headphones where fine while they worked. They won't blow you away but they work. Problem for me was I got theses just before Christmas, a week or so later the left earbud stoped working. Now because of my job I use only one headphone most of the time anyways so I moved on. But yesterday 1/19 the other headphone went out so I got about one month out of them. Just throw down the extra 10$ on a pair that won't die as fast.
I never got it. I ordered it two times and it said it got lost. I don't know if it was Amazon's fault or my post office's fault, but it's so cute I wish I could have got it.
Loved the idea of the glass screen as well as protection for the sides but the side case doesn't properly fit my 3rd gen Apple Watch - the crown dial rubs and some of the holes are covered.
Installed carefully, as I've installed many screen protectors on many phones and tablets. This one peeled off really, also I don't understand this tempered glass business, I've always used the other kinds of protectors and never ever cracked a screen.
I liked the color and how slim the design was by it cracked down the side after one small drop of my phone.
Stopped charging 1 month after purchasing, and I know it's not my brand new phone.
It was previously used and not truly unlocked.Required 6 months with a provider rather than have No provider
Does not cover completely clear. The edges do not seal down completely so the face is not clear around the edges!!
I ordered this phone cover on July 15. It was fast in delivery...only 1 day. Easy to put on the phone. I love the 2 toned color. Unfortunately, I dropped it on July 30th and although it saved my phone from breaking, the cover broke at the bottom. Not what I expected after only 2 weeks. I would not order again.
This holster broke exactly 3 months after receipt.
It's very pretty but it doesn't stay closed I dropped it by accident and it opened and it got ran over by a car before I could grab it!
I loved the color but it fell off and I lost it the first day I wore it. I'm very sad about this. I looked all over work, my car, the yard and driveway. I spent $10 on this and I'm upset and sad it fell off the first day. It seemed like it fit ok but my guess it was loose that's the only thing I can think of why it fell off. Please help. It cost to much to lose in less than one day of wearing it. I really liked it.
I've had it for a few months now and after the first moth and a half it last it's fast charging ability.
The design is exactly what I was looking for but I've bought two and they both were awful to use. They don't stick to my type phone or case. I'm thinking of super gluing it to my phone case and that's just last resort because these fall off as soon you take them out of the package and try them for the first time.
Even after a charge that never works right
boxes do not charge very well, very slow. I would not buy or recommend again.
Would have worked nice except the first time I put it on my magnetic holder the magnet came off and my phone fell On the floor. luckily the whole piece came right off my phone so I could return it.
I tested this fitness device for two full days together with another 2 devices (and the smartphone too for step count). While the others were basically in line for heart rate and steps, this one was often exaggerating by 30 to 40 % - especially steps. The good feature instead is the sleep tracking. Well done the app and reasonably accurate the track. The device looks cool and light but accuracy is not among the best qualities. Returned
Item looks and feels great on. Came with a small scratch on the band. I didn't check it before I put it on.
This case didn't last very long, about less than 6 months of normal use. The rubber starting tearing and separated from the phone.
Hard to hold. sparkles have lots of texture making it hard on the hands. Didn't fit over screen saver.
can only put 2 cards in it without it popping open
All of the picture has come off if drop or put in pocket all the pic comes off
First impression was that I made a mistake buying these, it's cheap and barely fit my ears, sound quality was subpar at best. Do not recommend.
This case is much more slippery than I would've imagined based on the photos. In the photos, the outer hard shell looks like it has a dimpled texture that would provide quite a bit of grip. IRL, the texture on the outer case is more cosmetic and barely provides any additional grip. The finish is also slightly matte and not the plastic-rubbery coating found on many other cases. The photos show the deceptive product photo on the right vs.the case I received on the left. It's pretty obvious that the product photos have been enhanced to show much more texture, or their product photos are from another item that I did not receive. Otherwise, I like the color combination and it was easy to install.
Stopped working after a month.
Broke 2 weeks after regular use (near pen port). No drops. No snags. Very nice case, exactly what I wanted. 2nd purchase, very unsatisfying.
Sharpens just okay when you can keep the stone in the holder.
I got the chord and it worked fine for about 2 days, then the led lights stopped working. shortly after it stopped charging all together.
It's okay looking and if you want a really small and quiet speaker this is it for you. I bought it after reading the reviews about how loud it is, it's not at all! I was disappointed to say the the least. If you want a small speaker for maybe a small child or someone who wants a really quiet personal speaker this would work. Oh and the video with the connection sound is literally louder than any music you will get from this device. If you want loud or something more than a whisper but something else! I bought my son an Amazon basic speaker that for a few dollars more blew this one to smithereens.
Item looks great and has nice functionality, but the clear film over the design started peeling within the first 2 weeks of owning the item. For the price it works for what I use it for, but it is cheaply manufactured. The design is now wearing off.
I almost returned this, but thought I'd give it a try... my mistake 😕. This case seemed fine until I started using my touch pad. It jumps all around, opening items I didn't tap and sending messages before I tapped send. I took the case off, thinking it was my phone... nope my phone works fine. I think this is pretty low quality compared to the LifeProof I bought at Verizon. My original one didn't actually cover my screen, it had a tight gasket instead. Guess I'm out $30, live and learn I guess
Not A 6 pack. This is a 4 pack. This was almost $8 for a supposed 6 pack when it is not. You can buy a 3 pack for $6. Either way it comes out to $2 a lens. No problem, but listing it as a six pack and thinking it's a better deal and then being surprised by only 4 in the box. Shame on you!
Case has a smell and rhinestones keep falling right off
Be aware! This product states that it supports IPhones. Truth is not. The included USB wire does NOT support iPhone! The included wire dosent work for iPhone. Have to return it.
Unfortunately every time you lose power or reset your wifi you have to reconfigure it which is a pain in the butt.
While they are cheap they're not much else. I was hoping the ear bud design would be similar to Apple's but these don't stay in my ears very well while walking. The sound quality is pretty poor and instead of having volume buttons it has a slider which doesn't control the volume on the phone and has very little in between.
Skip on this product. After a year the screen turns blue and it will no longer record anything. Even the menu buttons are not functioning. Until that point however, the product worked fine. I do live in 100 degree weather and maybe the summer time highs were too much?
This finger holder is very cute. I like how it has a mirror. This is the second one I bought. Both of them didn't last long. It didn't hold stil. It started to get loose on me. Reason why I bought the second one was to give it another try. And having a mirror was convenience.
I ordered the blue case and even paid extra because I wanted a new product not used. I ended up receiving the orchid grey with damaged packaging along with the scan bar on the packaging saying blue case. I tried to like it but I couldn't stop thinking about how I paid extra for the blue case and ended up with the orchid grey. The advertisement also said you can work on your phone with the flip closed. That's not true. The only thing you can do is swipe the alarm when it goes off.
I LOVE the way this band looks, but it irritated my skin. Tried a couple of times to use it, but every time I developed a patchy of dry, itching, red skin in the same place. I have not had this issue with other replacement bands. I'm so bummed because it's so pretty and I got so many comments on it as you don't see this look very often. I don't have particularly sensitive skin and can normally wear all manner of costume jewelry.
My wife liked the look and feel but it was difficult to put on. It fit a little tight and didn't seem to align right. The buttons were also hard to press. Also, in the pictures it has a full back but the actual product has a cutout for the mods connector. That alone made me not like it as it provides no protection for them. Had to return it
Does the job of a case but it is cheaply made, hence the price tag. I would not recommend.
Button on the side to mute the phone is hard to reach and the case makes the phone heavy
Far too much wiggle room, it has the cut out for the notch but there is too much room for error length wise. I'd take a pic but it's on my phone...just trust me on this one
Had one break in about a month. Maybe I stretch to much. Anyway the other one is fine.
This case while I though it was pretty at first isn't that durable. I've had it just a little over a month and a piece has already broken off. I've never dropped it on anything hard, mostly carpet and not once today and a piece has broken off today. The hard case always pops out of the rubber bit and requires you to pop off the whole cover, reposition it and push it back in.
For the last few years, every case I have had on my phone has been from caseology. I really love them. That being said, I HATE THIS CASE. It is ugly and it feels like the inside of the case. When I ordered it, I thought the strip on the back was sparkle but unfortunately it is spatters.
Shipped very fast looks great and looks very durable but I cannot get it to fully click in on the sides. seems like the inner piece is out of shape or something?
I had it for a few weeks before adhesive came off
They are OK. With the two options for attaching you have air bubbles sticking them on, and the slide in method the screens falls off. Also we bought a set for our curved screens in which they were useless. There was no privacy unless you stood directly to the screens left or right side.
To complicated to set up and use, the only instructions with it was setting it up and the pictures did even match the GPS, It would either take me way out of my way to go places I know how o get there and when I tried to get back to my home it took me pass my house to another address on a different street.
I bought the two pack figuring it would be cheaper if I keep using them over a long period of time. One of the controllers didn't work at all. My computer didn't even recognize it as a controller stating that the device was corrupt (and I tried multiple slots too). The other controller actually worked, but would the d-pad would slide diagonal way too easily. I tried to follow the advice and 'break it in' but nothing was giving and I kept sliding all over the place. I'll be asking for my refund.
Car keys. Logo fell off after 3 days
Super cute and I loved this case for the 4 days I used it before the ring broke off already. Super disappointed.
One wire went out within a year, the longest cords. The other 2 still works. Bought it in 2017.
Was sent a Pro without Gesture control. Was looking forward to using it as my friend has one and it looks pretty cool to use. Maybe the next order will be right?
the most .. was like what I ordered The Least .... wrong size wouldnt fit my J3 the part that goes in phone was too big
It is very comfortable but I have worn the strap for about 6 weeks and it is beginning to fall apart already
Looks really pretty and shiny, just wished it fit good on our iPhone X
Worked well for about 3 weeks. On/off switch (not a button) malfunctioned. Device refused to pair or turn off. All I heard was a buzzing sound. I called amazon, as they offered “free” support. The “free” support included then asking me to unplug it, plug it elsewhere and when that didn't work, they asked me to call or email the seller. Seller never responded. Device isn't worth the money. Don't get the one with the speaker.
They stopped working after only a few uses. Not pleased at all.
Nice charger, but amazon knocked $27 off the price two days after I ordered it! Bums.....
Worked great at first but after a few days the camera HAD to be plugged into the charger for it to work. It wouldn't last no more than 5 minutes without the charger being plugged. Also the menu was a bit confusing and some things just didn't make sense.
Absolutley beautiful unfortunately needs replaced within a month because the glitter chunks start peeling off right away
Haven't had this very long, but the hooks that goes around the ear broke, now I can not use it, this was a waste of money
In spite of proper installation i faced hard time using my phone, the touch experience was very poor. I was not able to launch apps/type text easily with simple touch, it required always hard pushing touch to use apps/texting after installing tampered glass. Another disappointment was the finger print marks on the glass takes more effort to remove and the new looks of mobile display is covered with faded glass. I did increase the sensitivity settings of phone to highest level to get this fixed but it was not helpful. Then i ordered new screen protector film NOT tampered glass which works perfectly fine without any issue. I'm not sure should i call this as deficiency of S8 model to work with tampered glass 'or' vice versa.. But i had really bad experience :( :( :(
Stopped charging after two weeks. Doesn't charge anymore.
It's not very good. Filters a little but not much
It's take time as regular charger even tho it's Says turbo
We bought 2. They were exactly what my wife wanted. The cheap zipper broke on both. Other than that they were good.
Easy to install not very durable. Both have since cracked since I installed them. Only lasted a few weeks vs my previous protector lasted 9 months
Will not stick to screen for long, go with a Zagg
This dashcam works great with good video and audio quality as well as other great features. However I gave it 2 star because every few days you get a prompt to format the sd card and it stops recording and powers off. I've seen other reviews with the same complaint, which indicates that there's a bug in the firmware. When the SD card is formatted the camera works great but this gets annoying as most times I'm already driving and to go through the menu option to format is not simple.
It stopped working after a few months. Cheaply made.
I loved the way the lights looked on this cable. When it worked. After five months of using it, the lights stopped working, after six months, it shorted out completely. I only ever used it in my room on my night stand, never even unplugging it from the outlet or moving it. Even still, it stopped working in less than half a year.
Only one of the pieces were Advertised 44mm size
the adhesive stuck on to the peel off paper rather than staying on the wallet so i could stick it on my phone. it's a shame cause now this thing is worthless.
The cover is so nice but it arrived with a scratch!!
First thing to go wrong was that the swivel broke so it would just spin around and around. Then the clip broke and we have only had it for 5 months. NOT DURABLE for a mechanic!
this product often crushes and low batt easily
The color is beautiful and I've received lots of compliments on the look of the phone case. Unfortunately, beauty fades... quickly! The edges have frayed strings that I'm constantly cutting, and now the glitter coating is coming off along the spine and edges of the case. I haven't had this case long enough for it to look so worn. Last, the car vent magnet didn't work at all, as the magnet wasn't strong enough to hold the weight of the empty case, let alone when a phone and credit cards are in it. After 2 months, I'm already looking for a new case to replace this one.
This is hardly a protective case. It gapes open and would allow liquid splashes in easily. It is very thin and flimsy.
Not good Broke very easy
I wanted to love this case. It is great, I like the feeling when holding it, comfortable. But it is made of some not very good plastic. I am attaching a picture - corners keep breaking all the time. Want to make it clear - I've never dropped my phone, it just breaks like this on its own, normal usage. I bought already 2 of the cases. First one got both corners broken like this withing 2-3 month. Bought another one, one corner broke again. This is the picture of my second case, bought it less than 3 month ago. Looking for another case for my phone, probably it is not going to be this one, as much as I like it, will look for another options...
I really liked the case. The fit is perfect and it feels good to the touch, however after few days of use i saw a crack on the plastic near the head phone port. I put one drop of crazy glue and it worked good. But after couple more days more cracks appeared around the same area near the ports, now small pcs are missing. See picture. I really like the case i just wish the plastic was more durable.
Just received today and only one earbud has any sound coming out. Not worth my time and shipping to send back. Was easy to pair and the magnetic feature seems handy. But I got them primarily for listening to music so only one working earbud is a disappointment for sure. Bummed.
Unfortunatelly I never got the phone so i had to have a refund issue because there were no options for a replacement. Ba delivery service on this end
This is a 2 pack. 1 of the 2 were damaged. I have twins with the same phone, so this package was perfect. I open the box and used the first one with no problem. I took the second one out of the protective foam case and noticed the tempered glass was broke near the home button. Unfortunately, I did not see this until after I used the first one, so I am assuming a return is out of the question.
I've bought these before, just a different color and they worked great for a year. These ones are all not working already and my kids are upset because nothing will charge :(
Did not last long, only a few months before the sound started cutting out.
I loved it but after a short time the sound quality dropped and then it stopped playing sound completely. But the charger port still works. I wouldn't purchase another one of these.
I am so disappointed in this product. It is nothing like my previous Motorola Bluetooth that eventually died after years of constant use. The Sonic riders sound quality is like a conversation occuring in a fish tank. It is difficult to understand the person on the other end, especially at highway speeds. It is very muffled. Likewise the person I called has trouble understanding me too. It's a constant "what did you say?" from both parties. I have the volume at its highest but it doesn't help. The person on the other end can even hear the beeping from me pressing the volume buttons. How annoying! And unlike my previous model, it never connects automatically to my phone upon car entry, it doesn't announce my name nor does it tell me the battery level. I have to switch the Sonic riders on/off and disconnect/reconnect from my iPhone Bluetooth setting until Sonic riders engages again and finally recognizes my name and announces battery level. But of course I don't remember to do this until I receive a call or I have to make one while on the road this defeating the purpose of safe driving. What a expensive piece of junk! Wish I could return or exchange it but it is too late since I didn't open the package until I returned from a 4 week trip out of state. I do give it 4 stars for battery life and voice recognition and 2 star for sound quality. The battery probably lasts so long since it is disengaged for the most part. Overall product quality is 2 stars.
When I received the item the screen protector was shattered. I am highly disappointed in the seller.
Weak brass threads. Broke off driving down the highway.
The product is good but sizing is off. My standard size is large. The large of this product is big for me. I tried to return it but the shipping cost and inventory cost is almost half the price of the product. It defeats the purpose to have a good product that is useless.
I thought the case was going to be a good one, however it did not line up with the buttons on my phone correctly. Also, my charger did not fit into the hole that was made for the charging cord to go into. So, I could not charge my phone nor could I turn my phone on and off using the power button with this case on. It would let me work the volume buttons however, which I thought was strange. I have a Samsung Galaxy S8.
From a quick glance, the band looks pretty nice but up close you can tell it looks really cheap. For the price, it's an okay band but it just feels really uncomfortable. There are sharp edges in both the band and the small strap that holds the band. The lugs that connect to the Apple Watch is slightly larger so you can see and feel the lugs sticking out if you feel your Apple Watch. I'm not sure if this would bother other people but it definitely bothered me. This is something I would definitely not recommend buying.
Box quality is better than the screen itself. I've purchased two of these within the last 45 days. The first one started peeling up and the second one shattered after a small drop. I've had several other glass screens protectors and have never cracked one.
It's a huge pain to walk around with these -- the weighty part with the battery is near the bottom/ plug, so the wire hangs really awkwardly and thumps around Not sure why they didn't just put it near the top
It's difficult to navigate and the battery life Is not long on it
I have ordered this product many times in the past and they were always delivered in perfect condition. This time however, they were all clumped together in one large mass as if they were overheated and then cooled. Kind of defeats the purpose of paying extra for pellets.
Several things negative about this product... It does not come with any instructions on how to install it. Cuts for sensors, etc. are not accurate. Does not cover the edges; it covers about 1/4 of the edges and that's it. I am heavy edges user, and I know that this protector will peel off because of the constant finger swipe over the protector. On this rating I gave 1 star because it was easy to install, and 1 stat because it does offer some protection to my screen.
Edges peeled up after couple days. Dropped phone once and it destroyed the protector around the camera hole.
I was able to get 12000mAh into a phone, this is due to the low quality and natural loss. The solar panels were very small, not worth the solar part. But it was at 8.1 oz. Don't use for a backpacking trip. not worth it. THE AREA OF SOLAR CELLS IS DECEIVING, it actually as at 1/3 to 1/2 what is shown!!!
Really cheaply made, stopped working within a week
Metal clip is way to bulky and hard to use
The case fits perfect, so does the scren protector. The only issue in have is durability. I am not rough on my phone at all. I have used my phone for over a year without a screen protect and have not gotten a single scratch on it. After purchasing this case(less than 2 week ago), the screen protector has began cracking along the edge.
I love this screen protector, but it moves around a lot even after following the steps to install it. Debris also gets under the protector and I'm not entirely sure if I can remove it without making the sticky part less sticky.
A good set of knock off iPhone ear buds, however everything about this ad is designed to deceive the buyer into thinking that they are wireless/Bluetooth. THEY ARE NOT.
This is to heavy for a standard cigarette lighter. It pops out after awhile.
no good as you thank
If you hate the churning noise/ hearing the gears move, you really need to avoid this product. The only way I fixed this problem was to take it apart and swap the gears with my old cassette adapter. Otherwise, you're out of lucky and will either have to cope with the noise or find another adapter. I really did not like the noise and was even spurred to write this review because of it. Another note is the screws are poorly screwed in, they don't even tighten in some holes. This makes me worry that I'll eventually lose those screws. Please do yourself a favor and avoid this product to keep your sanity. Or I suppose you can crank the music high enough to drown it out.
It cracked fairly easily in my opinion..
fit poorly sound is average.
Only the pink one actually charged my phone...so far...waste of money for only one to work
Does not stay on dash
I love the look and ring stand. However, the buttons did not line up and were stiff. I had to cut the button holes from the case in order to allow phone buttons to be accessed. I hate the hassle of returning products and so modifying the case myself seemed like the best solution.
The instructions sent with the item were incomplete, they only got you half way through the process.
I purchased this stick in 2018 . Its a decent selfie stick which is pretty useful when you are travelling alone or with family. You can built in in Tripod and hence , you don't need to request other people everytime you want a good complete non-selfie picture. The only complaint I have with this is its very fragile and the top of the stick where the iPhone ( or any other phone) needs to be fixed is broken. You need to handle it carefully but with this price the product should be more resistant and durable enough to run minimum for 2 years. Not quite happy.
This case is really thin and not made of the best material. So if you just stay inside all the time this case might be for you. But if you are outdoors or are constantly on the move then skip this one and get a more sturdier case and spend a little bit more money. I wish I would have done that because I've been through 3 cases now and with the amount of money that I have spent I could have bought a really nice one. In short...thin, not sturdy, and WILL brake easily.
Since these are sold as motion detecting security lights you would think that the on off button would be very straightforward. Even with gentle touch two of the buttons broke and the lights were not functional. One light out of four has continued working.
it does not fit a toyota sienna headrest bar. im not sure how it fits anyone elses cause it dont think thr head rest bars on my van are much larger than any other, but i was unable to clamp this on at all to test the product
did not work with any of my cases, edge lifts making touch really unresponsive.
Very durable, I dropped my phone multiple times with this case on it, and NO damage to my phone! HOWEVER, if you are looking for a case to have on your phone for months, I wouldn't buy. The paint chips off very easily, doesn't stay the color for long. Other than that great case.
Only work 50% of the time
Nice design but it wasn't made like how I imagined it. was flimsy and soft and I expected it to be like a hard bumper case. then again I should have read more of the info. but still, disliked.
I revived defective power bank. Offer was made to make the experience better. I received replacement. Charged it for two days 28% capacity.
Seemed to work well, only used it a few times. Then needed to actually use it recently and found it no longer inflates, just throws an error. Tried different suggested workarounds, nothing worked, just errors every time. Contacted support but it's past warranty so I'm out of luck. I'd say opt for a more reliable brand.
This watch.. I mean the phone works well on it. You can hear no problem. But the gps is like 2 miles off! Plus it's on military time
Totally stopped working after 5 months. We liked it while it last.
This protector visually looks nice but does not stick well. I can hear clicking depending on where I press on my screen because it's not staying down. Also, the guide stickers to help you position it were useless. They did not hold the protector at all, and so it fell sticky side down onto my work area when trying to put it on. Finally, it doesn't play nice with active edge. Squeezing the sides causes the protector to lift off. On the plus side, I do like that it's an entire template that covers the full front of the phone. You can't tell there's a screen protector on when looking at it. It is a little noticeable to the touch, though.
All I cared about was a phone that provided adequate speaker sound quality so I would not have to smash a cell phone up to my temple. This phone failed miserably in this dept. Keep searching if hearing is important to you!
Not very easy to use....questionable quality. It now rests on a closet shelf...soon to be forgotten.
Battery was great but after 6 months battery life does not meet expectancy, will not take charge was left plugged in over night and battery drained by 2 percent. Phone kept freezing and had a hard time picking up signal which was not practical for my job. When using phone I would recommend picking up a booster as well. The tools that the phone is equipped with are nice and handy, speaker is loud and I did enjoy the water resistance and the durability. Using bluetooth was a little problematic but was easy enough to deal with. Solid case with rubber seals were definitely a plus. But the charge issue with phone ultimately ended my trust in the product if the company were to fix these issues I'm sure it would make a great phone.
Case friendly and fit fine, but severely impaired screen sensitivity. I can't properly type, and I have to use my stylus to do anything.
this item did not come to my house today at 12 cranes court, I did not receive it.
Screen protector shattered in cold weather (first time the weather reached 25 degrees) and the case seemed to reduced both cellular signal and WiFi signal (most likely due to wrapping phone in metal...)
The only pro is that they are cheap. The mikes don't work very well and while speaking into them, it sounds as if you are speaking from a distance. Additionally, within the first week of use, one ear stopped working in the first pair of headphones. At this point, I'm just waiting for the other pair to conk out too.
Item is too small and leaves a black frame around the edges of the screen.
sorry to say that but your case is unsafe for the phone; when you put the case on his base it will fail from the other side b/c no holding's piece at the bottom.
Quality of the band felt very cheap, not comfortable to wear.
even though i get it from preorder, its feels cheap and definitly not worth $60. i wouldnt buy it even if its $10
Despite cleaning with the enclosed pads, proved impossible to install without a long bubble around the outside edge on both sides.
Starting out they were great! Wonderful battery life. Great sound. Now, the right side stopped working and the left side keeps cutting out. Sadly I'm past my return window so I'll have to keep them and deal with it
Only a few of these actually worked. The piece that's plugged into the device (phone or iPad) can get stuck in there so be careful. Use these gently.
This screen protector was easy to put on but it was too dark ! I was not able to see my phone when I was outside because it was way too dark and my screen brightness was all the way up!
Ordered this case for my dad. Slipped out of his hands multiple times during the first day of use. Protected the phone just fine but the plastic doesn't have any grip quality. Bought another case instead.
The first one came bent. No problem, they sent me another. The back glass shattered within a week.
Loved this case for my iPhone 6 Plus, but hate it for the iPhone X. It barely fits three cards. Also, the cards are hard to get out. Good if you only need to carry two cards.
All my cash and all my credit cards wouldn't fit. It wouldn't even close.
Does not charge very well
It's ok. It doesn't sit smooth. The pink hard case sticks out and bugs me. It's on the sides that it doesn't fit well.
When I am talking no one could hear me.
One of the ear buds came off within few weeks and the sound was not very loud
This looks and feels like a great case until you put it on your phone. The front edges of the case don't raise high enough to protect the screen. I started the return process, only to find that I will be charged for the return shipping, leaving me with barely a $3 refund. Do yourself a favor and skip this product. It doesn't offer the all-important screen protection.
the cases that I ordered was not the ones that u sended me so I send them all back and it was about six of them but everything else I liked them and I will continue to order from amazon because I like the things that I order thank u so much
I liked the design but as you can see in the photos the edge bumper not sturdy enough, it should be glued better than that, I returned it.
Touch very difficult after install, breaks too easily
Stopped working after a month
Within 24 hours the product scratched, cracked and started pulling away from the lower right corner of the screen.
I got 2 pieces broken after a couple of weeks!!
Stopped working after one use
Only good for the office. Super bright blue light that shines on both sides does not turn off. Will keep you up at night. “wireless charger” on the face of the product makes it quite cheeze. Would have been a perfect product if those two problems were not there.
Nice looking case but pices falls apart after 3 days !!!
Case itself is stable, but the kickstand is made out of paper. I have not had this item for more than 2 months - barely used the kick stand - and it breaks!!!!!! So now i have a slippery case, because it wont stick at an angle anywhere..... and have no kickstand with it either... So here i go having to buy ANOTHER case in less than 3 months... Looks sturdy, but not worth it.
These looked just like they would from Apple, however, they do not work the same. My phone will only play half of a song before it says it's not recognized by my device. I also use a square reader and it won't even register that it's plugged in to use the reader like it normally would with the Apple brand. Very disappointed.
I get lots of complaints about folks hearing an echo, or being very faint when I use these headphones, which are less than 6 months old.
The screen it self was of good quality but the wet screen cleaner pad was completely dried out. The lint free polishing sheet had tons of lint. The stickers didn't pick up anything.
I probably used it for 2 weeks and it broke. it seemed fine when i first got it, but out of nothing the cables broke. Havent purchase another one or found a better adapter, after this one im kind of worry to waste my money again.
These don't get as tight as the band that comes with the garmin vívofit fit bit jr and they are pretty flimsy. The strap holder is a bit large and so the excess strap keeps slipping out. Not good for a kid with sensory issues
It CAN'T stick to the dashboard with i8 within first 2 weeks, for sure it will fell off if you hit potholes and driving through rough roads. The 2 stars are only for the power of that magnet.
The phone works normally but only holds a charge for a maximum of 8 hours. It's not used for work, and mainly used for phone calls, so, that being said, I'm not happy with the performance (battery life) of the phone overall
Not fast chargers. My original 2 amp fast charger is way quicker. I got them as back ups, but doubt they're authenticity.
I only rank this so low so that its easy to pick out the others that I've liked better! Fairly easy to install batteries. Packaged very efficiently! What's turns me away from this particular product, the "beep" isn't very loud and is hard to hear if your keys are stuck under couch seats...
Makes it very hard for the other person to hear me talking with this case.
First, there were no instructions. But, the seller was very prompt to email them to me. But, after applying the tempered glass screen protector on a new 44mm watch series 4, the screen is barely usable. I have to press hard on the screen and the center is the only part that will work.
It's hard to plug your phone into and it does not have a built in charger, which I think is ridiculous if you're going to promote it as a charging station.
It was not that durable.
Product is bulky and hard to put on your ear. Also volume is very low. The pieces that attach to the device that goes into your ear keeps falling off not too happy
Worked great for about a month and then the charge drops extremely quickly. 100% charge will not even last through a 12 hour day with minimal use. I babied this battery by never leaving it charging overnight. I thought my original battery's life was bad (had for over 2 years), but after 1 month, this "OEM" battery is worse.
The Samsung S7 has a slight curve to the edges and this scream protector is so think and stiff that it does not curve with the edge of the screen. This leaves the screen protector lifted up along the edge blocking the edges of screen from view, not to mention dirt and dust will get stuck in there.
The black wears off pretty quickly.
Am so disappointed on this product! Its not working.
There isn't a size range in the description, it's only 6 to 12 in whole sizes. I need at least a 13, so this isn't for small or big people. Unfortunate because I was really looking forward to trying it. I don't really feel it fair to give this a start rating because I didn't even get past the size kit. I'll give it 2 stars for a lack of description.
Although it is easy to attach, I had to remove because touch sensitivity was poor. It appears thicker than advertized.
Very cheap quality plastic just buy the brand name case for more durability
If only it wasn't so buggy, cuz the sound is really good... but one ear plays louder than the other (it alternates which ear), it goes in and out of pairing, the volume gets weird... etc.
I replaced a 3 year old otter case and the belt clip broke within two weeks
Working but sometimes shakes.
Perfect fit and easy to install with no bubbles but the screen is much less responsive. I have 2 devices and they are both a lot harder to use with these screen protectors.
A solid screen protector on a curved edge phone just doesn't seem to wanna work. I finally gave up after a week. It never sat right, so it would shift and fight touch input.
The fastening screws snapped after three days usage. It's inexpensive, and though the idea is great, the materials are cheap, and is reflective in how long it lasted. It was not worth the time and effort ordering.
The knob on the side to turn the ringer on and off stop working after I had this product for two months. You have to keep opening the case to turn the ringer back on.
Let me start off by saying that I loved this product. I recommend it to my parent, siblings, and friends. The most recent unit I got might just be an outlier because it's thread fell apart after only a month and a half of use as shown in the pictures below, but I am skeptical if the quality control has possibly gone down. I'll consider giving a another unit a try to see if it also experiences a similar issue.
What can I say, the instructions are almost non-existent, turns out you have to drill the rivets to recover the mounting brackets from the original Ford install for this unit, then you are missing the center lug on the back (just no way to use the one on the Ford unit) so if you do some off road driving the four small screws may not be enough. Once it is installed the unit takes a long time to boot it just feels clumsy. Top that with none of my steering wheel controls work now is a total waste. Would not buy again.
As the headline reads, the cover was installed very easily. However, i'm experiencing the rainbow effect on the center of the screen shortly aver installation. What is causing this? Can it be corrected? Not satisfied.
One of the screen protector came cracked and the other one has a Weird circle in the middle of the screen. I'm guessing they did that so the thumb print could read easier. That weird circle that was and screen protector was not listed in the description of the item.
The look and texture is not even close to the photo.
After about 6 months the battery started draining like crazy. I wasn't able to get through the day with it. I would take it off the charger and it would drop to 80% and continue to go down. I switched back to the stock battery and no problems so it's not the phone. Oh well it was cheap and lasted me for a while.
It's supposed to be a "fast charger" but it takes 30 minutes more than the charger the phone comes with. How is that fast charging? 2stars just for the fact that it works and does charge... but not fast.
The gold pieces on this phone are thin and flimsy. One of them broke the third day I had the phone. The blue part of the case is great, stylish fits well. The end pieces...not so much.
The seller was very good with responding quickly. This is case is very cheaply made. But then again it is a cheap (cost wise) case. You definitely get what you pay for. I picked 2 important cards to keep in the slots and my id in the clear slot. The clear material first came out then the rest came out as I used it still. The inner lining was coming undone from the big main side pocket. The rubber piece that holds the phone was snug to the phone and a true fit for the lg stylo 4. I am disappointed in the product, but pleased the seller responded quickly and didn't hesitate to accommodate my needs. I wouldn't buy it again.
Just like every charger I've ever bought, they only fast charge for the first few weeks.
Unfortunately one of the microphones headset doesn't work.
Had for 2 days and it has a crack now. Didn't drop or hit anything. Just fell apart.
This device did charge and allow be to use my headphone, but the static in the line was awful. Spent too much time, trying to find the least amount of noise or turned volume up to drown out static.
Will not buy again. Came off right away did not close correctly. Product sucks!!
Didn't quite work/fit well with our iPhone 8 Plus. Also doesn't have the solid and high quality feel to it.
This product was a dud and broke very quickly. I am not even a heavy user, but within a couple of weeks it stopped working.
Bought it as a spare for my switch but it doesn't work because of a recent update. Not really the chords fault but I bought it because it was advertised as a possible spare for the switch.
Doesn't stick very well after a couple of days. Didn't realize i bought an aftermarket version.
I bought the first one and it was a little difficult to install because I had to remove the console and half of my dash to get to the antenna connection on my stereo system. After installation it worked great. Sound was dramatically better than using a cassette adapter or the crappy FM transmitter on the Onyx SiriusXM receiver. However, after just over 6 months I started losing the AM radio signal. (YES, the Sirius radio was OFF!). After about 5-10 minutes the AM signal would be back. This would happen about once per month. Quite annoying when you're listening to something interesting on the radio. Today, it got worse. When it happened the AM signal was restored about 20 minutes later. Then later in the afternoon it happened again! I did buy another one of these back in March. I suppose I will have to try the new one. I am not too thrilled about having to tear the inside of my car apart again.
In less than a month of using this case the red finish is already wearing off the edges. And unfortunately the plastic underneath the metallic coating is white, not red, so it is very apparent.
Breaks easy, doesn't stick well and pops off when phone is dropped. Don't waste your money & time.
it works for a couple of month, now, the charging function doesn't work, the earphone function gets more noise
At 1st I was very happy with the product But given just a little bit of time my Side holster broke And I broke my screen protector by trying to slide it back into place to no fault of the company. I really enjoyed the side holster until it broke very disappointed with that. If it wasn't for the durability issues with the holster I would give this a 5 star
The case has a great look and fit. I will say that it is not durable at all. the case fell on my wood floor at home from waist high and the case just shattered picked it and got glass in my hand. very disappointed!
It seems to fall off the phone alot
Thought it was a larger size battery.
Got this case and it doesn't fit my wifes phone. The case inside the box looks like the incorrect one. as there is a 1cm gap on the top and side.
This worked for like 2 days, so two stars...
Went through two of them and neither are sticking fully to the screen and it's a brand new phone. Very disappointed
Too big, too plastic. I like it to have a bit of a rubbery grip, this feels like hard plastic.
No where near the quality I thought it would be. Save your money
Arrived fast , decent packaging. Very nice small, light and slick. The digital charge display is a great addition. But that's about it. It charges very slow and discharge very fast. I use it mostly to recharge my iPhone 10. It drops to 60% charge while the phone is only 40% charged. Very disappointing.
Very sensitive to slight drops. My screen protector got destroyed within a week.
Case is hard plastic, and doesn't seem to protect the phone well, I used the case for a few weeks and ended up upgrading to a new case with better bumpers due to the dropping of my phone on a regular bases.
This wallet is very wide and hard to hold on to. I also noticed that while I was shopping this weekend my phone kept falling out. I will hopefully be returning this product or regifting.
One of my charging cords didn't work and the other quit working after a few weeks. But they were cheap and long so I didn't expect much
Love the design. Hate the product. Have had this skin for about two weeks and it's already peeling. The pieces that are to be applied around the edges are horrible; they barely stick. I keep this in a padded case, so there's not a ton of wear and tear beyond normal use. Skin attached to the kickstand of my Surface is already peeling. I took great care to apply it, pushing out air bubbles with a credit card and still...blech. No debating whether to peel off or just leave it looking halfway. *shoulder shrug*
Brought two cases, one is fine. The black case has cracks all over on the inner lining. So, the case is hit or miss in terms of durability. Not a suggested buy!
I ordered the agate geode blue one, and i got this one. Although the quality of the item is still very good I still would like the one i originally purchased, and i can't return it cause of no return policy. So i hope everyone sees this to know you may be getting this one instead of the stone one.
It has horrible sound quality and is very static.
Only giving this 2 stars due to the fact that whatever the metal clasp is it irritates my skin badly. Wether I'm sweating or not.
The case fits the iPhone Xr perfectly. There is no wiggle or sliding. It is clear and thin enough that the iPhone's beauty is still on display. The one fatal flaw is that it does not adequately protect the screen. My iPhone fell off a counter and landed flat on its face and the screen cracked. If there had been more of a ridge to keep the screen from impacting the floor I think my screen would have survived. After I get my screen replaced, the case is next. Too bad because I like the way this one looks.
The description says soft silicon inner shell with hard outer shell. Not true. Both shells are hard, which I do not like. It does fit a LG V30 snug which I like and the colors are nice. But I feel like cases with silicon inner shell and hard outer shell protect better.
Not even the real Samsung earphones. They also came with a gift card, which I found pretty sketchy. Until I knew why it came with it. Sound quality was bad.
Business cards don't fit in it, elastic on leather piece too weak (loose), leather piece does not hold phone as a stand
This product goes on easy enough but the main issue is the loss of touch functionality.
I do not like this product! I got it in the mail and placed it on perfectly correct. But now I have to press really hard on my phone in the middle because the screen is just unresponsive. I also don't think it sticked to my phone properly ascot for at the bottom. I read the reviews thinking it'll be great, but no. It is not.
Opened the box which was not damaged but the first screen protector was cracked, the second was fine. I need to protect my phone so i have to just use the good one...but i paid for two.
Received the product and within 5 minutes the part that plugs into the phone was bent.
Not even big enough to cover the full screen, don't like how it looks. Quality not the best
It arrived 4 days early, so that was very nice. The sound quality is nothing special but it's great for the price. I like the overall feel of the headphones, the wire seems very durable. I also like that it comes with a bag to hold them in. Overall, a great product and very cheap for what you're getting. EDIT: Right ear broke in after about a week.
Pack of 2. One stopped working in a week.
The built in screen protector prevents me from hearing people properly. Other than that I have no complaints
I purchased this watch for my son and i thought it would be a nice gift and besides the part about the wristband, which doesn't stay together, it work fine . It does everything the seller says but they need to change the wristband.
Was ok for the first month but after that it was not that good it cracked a little but the phone was never drop and volume button fell so every time you try to turn volume down it kinda cuts you if you want a cheap ok case I guess this is ok :(
Not fully refundable.
It's pretty, but I had to return it. With 3 cards, and nothing else, it wouldn't stay closed.. The magnet isn't very strong, and there isn't much room for cards. If you only carry 2 cards on you, it might stay closed.
It doesn't charge through my Incipio hybrid case, but the one on my dresser that I bought from Samsung does. And the magnets aren't even all that strong. Accelerating from a stop sign knocked my phone off the mount.
Product worked great before it broke. While driving I hit a bump and the joint holding the magnet to the clamp broke. Unfortunately my phone screen also cracked from the fall. Maybe the plastic was weakened from the heat but there are some durability issues.
one broken in package one broke while installing. not satisfied
Does not work on Samsung 8 note as it said, its too short.
Phone gripper would not work in my vehicle vents. Radio frequency weak.
its a shame the reviews were so great and the noise cancelling feature (which is the reason I purchased them) is just not what its cracked up to be.
I'm really bummed I've only had it a couple weeks, if that, and it's already scuffed and battered. It doesnt have an exceptionally hard life, at most it goes in my pocket. I loved the design but I wont buy again...
Also the face of this thing scratches easily.
Nice transparency. Do not like that sheet of glass is not really curved. Sensitivity of touch screen especially toward the edge is greatly diminished.
We bought this refurbished phone from Edge Cellular. After 7 months of use, the bottom of the touch screen is not working. I guess these are the risks of buying refurbished.
I'm giving this a 3 for how pretty it is; BUT, it was a fight to get it to go on and I wasn't about to mess up my new $900 phone putting this thing on and off. Also, it is simply a plastic case with glitter embedded; it does not provide protection any more than a less expensive case. It certainly doesn't protect the edges, so if you drop it and it hits an edge, that'll be the end of your screen. Not worth the pricetag.
It only took 5 months for the back stand to break very bad quality
I would of given it 5 stars but these are sharp and dig into my ear. The sound is great, noise cancellation is great and the moisture wicking. But they hurt my ears, there is a sharp area to the head phones that just digs into my ears and make them uncomfortable to wear longer than 30 minutes. I had a long flight and didn't have time to go buy new ones so I just delt with it, but I won't buy these again. I tried to use the other size rubber ear buds, but that didn't help. They were just extremely uncomfortable to wear.
It falls off hook too easily. Really a pain.
hard to put on and it was fragile and broke at the turn point to put back into case.
They are the wrong size for the Note 8 according to Tmobile
Takes away from sensitivity.The curved screens are hard for anyone to make a decent screen protector.
I'm giving this 2 stars simply because part of it works. The pop socket does fit in holder. The vent holder portion in garbage, don't waste your money. It clips in fine but once you put the phone on and start driving it slowly loosens the falls off.
Everything works except the BlueTooth which affect so many things! ;c My phone had problems starting with the 3rd day. Bluetooth would connect and then disconnect and reconnect to my 3 pairs of different headphones. Tech support walked me through troubleshooting calls on 3 separate occasions without fixing the problem. I then got an RMA and paid to send it to be repaired. It was returned in about 9 days. However, the returned unit was worse with no fix provided. I don't know if I got a bad one, but Amazon was a pleasure to work with and went out of their way to make me happy and provided me with a refund.
didn't work on powerless cellphone! didn't charge any phone! can i get a replacement? got adapter. for non Qi. Phone! J7. Thought it was wireless ( new pad) not the problem! Worthless!
Styling is beautiful but the magnetic closure is not strong enough.
Update: I've lowered the rating from 3 to 2 stars. After 5 months of use the chargers no longer remain in place in the phone's charging port. You have to now wiggle them just right and set the phone down gently to keep the charge going. This product brands itself as an 'adaptive fast charger' for the S7 edge, but this is not the case when I charge mine. It works as a standard charger. I also have an S6 edge+, this product is able to fast charge that model. One small detail I'll mention as well is the micro USB connector has a small amount of extra space between the phone and the plastic part of the charger. Not a big issue, as the connection is secure, but it's worth mentioning. For the positives, the braided cable is nice, and 5 feet as advertised. It still charges just fine, albeit slower than I'd expected.
I dislike this watch. The app produces so many ads on my phone it's ridiculous.
Disappointed. It is big, not suitable with full screen protector, seems like you have an old phone, with it you will forget that you have a full screen phone.
PEOPLE CANT HEAR ME WITH THE CASE ON MY PHONE
I installed this on my S7 Edge without much of a problem. This case replaced an Otterbox Defender. Within 2 hours of carrying, The case slipped out of the same pocket I used for my Otterbox, and the top end of the display glass cracked.
I have iPhone XR and it didn't fit right. No matter how I put it on, atleast 1 corner wouldn't fit all the way where it would seal to close. Spend a little more money on something that protects better
Bought 4 of these headphones, each one had a different sound. No bass, muffled highs, fuzzy sound. I would not recommend them.
Charges watch fine but phone tends to slides off
The only reason these get more than one star is because they'll do a passable job of protecting the screen until I get a better protector. There is adhesive all over the glass, and the majority of the screen gets adhered well. But there is about 1/8" around the entire outside edge with no adhesion, and it looks God awful. You can't use these without a case which would have to stick up a little bit to protect the screen protector itself. They chip at the edge almost immediately and tend to lift up really easily. Simply unusable.
Hasn't been a year and I don't really use it , but when I used it this time did fantastic at first then water started to get in the phone case
These cables are already having issues charging - they worked fine for about 2 months, but the longer cables now suddenly lose their ability to charge. The short one is intermittently read by my car stereo. Not reliable.
nicely made for the price but no documentation! and it did not work for me - returned
Cheaply made and broke easily
It Fits on my iphone8 but it is very difficult to apply and easy to ruin it for 1st time. Prepare to get a 2nd one. It is a bit pricey and you can get 1/3 of cost from Ebay but take a month to ship.
It is not easy to put on right. The video they send you to watch shows placing the glass in the right location then put the locator tabs onto it so you can fold it back into place. These came with a thick white backing that does not allow you to see where it is on the phone. You have to peel the backing off while holding the glass and try to get it placed right while not touching the adhesive.
This case was everything I wanted until I discovered that the lip isn't raised enough to keep my screen protected. There is no way my screen won't shatter if I accidentally drop my phone. Guess I'm going to have to return this case. Super bummed.
doesn't adhere to the edges. allot of bubbles that you can't get out.
I needed a protector but this is cut too short for the Huawei Mate 9 phone. The case wouldn't matter it fits but companies need to make sure to cut the right size screen protector for certain phones. The protector maybe made for the Huawei Mate 9 Lite instead. I'm gonna have to get another one now.
The case was great until last week when I started having issues with the increase volume button. I purchased in March 2018 and I'm quite dissapointed. Hopefully I an get this replaced.
Protector cracked, screen did not. Getting another one already. Got this screen three times. This screen is good, but they need to sell them by a 100 load. My screen has cracked in my pocket, on my sofa. . . I have to say, I will not buy a fourth. Sorry.
While the watch has nice features, the quality of the band is poor. I bought the watch as a gift for my father and the watch kept falling off of his wrist. There is not a secure clasp on the watch. There are two tiny prongs that snaps into the holes of the band. But unfortunately the prongs would not stay put and kept popping open so the watch would fall off of his wrist. If they fix the band issue, I would consider buying it again as my dad really did like the watch.
My wife had her phone in a case in her purse and dropped her purse. When she went to get her phone later the screen protector was off of it. Tried to re attach it to no avail. There is no adhesive in the center area, only on the edges. Had to attach the other one. NOT HAPPY...
My only complaint so far is they don't hold onto your ears at all. Why is there a piece of plastic curving around your ear if it doesn't help anything. I have to wedge them into my ear hard for them to stay. The same reason I dislike all ear buds.
the headphones don't have great sound quality and don't stay in my phone jack. They are better than the other cheap ear buds out there, but I am not impressed.
I tried at least 20 blank stations to play music through from my phone and they all produced too much static noise for me. Bluetooth seems to work fine.
I've had this case for a month and durability is a concern. I paid $25, for the case and feel I was robbed. The case is a nice case but the red color has changed colors attracting dye from jeans and looks dirty. I would not recommend this red color. At this point am considering another case. I previously had a otter box symmetry case and had that case for almost two years and the case held up. Hope this helps potential future consumers.
Do not buy this screen protector! It will not stay where it is supposed to. It will not adhere to the screen on the edges. Therefore, you can't hardly scroll or use the icons on the edges of the phone. Forget using a phone case. You can barely even open your phone if a case is on. I am super unimpressed. I am simply going to have to throw it away and get another one. What a waste of money! Wish I had read the reviews before I bought.
will not fully charge---- no better than the old you have
It was a good looking case but very cheaply made. Was broken within 2 weeks
Does not bolt into some passenger floor mounts. Very stiff to try and adjust
I don't care for this product and wish I could just return it! Its frustrating to me and too hard to figure out. I don't use it at all.
I would not purchase. Screen protector seems very sturdy and durable. However, it does not stick to the phone screen firmly. When pressing the keypad while protector is on I could hear the annoying sound of the sticky substance lifting with each key press. Also, the screen makes some areas of the keypad difficult to initiate without repeated efforts. The screen at times moves and causes issues with the phone's sensor above. The package comes with 2 screen protectors and both I had issues with.
It looks cool. Dropped phone on the corner and the impact damaged the corner of the case and the corner of the phone. Needs to be more protective
I ended up giving this cas to a co worker. It fit my phone but was incredibly difficult to get on. was going to return buy my co worker wanted it.
This shower head worked well for a year and a half. My only qualm was that every time you adjust the plastic arm, it squeaks very loudly. It's now clear why: a simple adjustment today, and the arm snapped right off, breaking at the joint. Cheap plastic, cheap product. Based on a year and a half life span, this isn't worth the cost. While it worked, it flowed quite nicely. I won't be buying this showerhead again.
Not true to size and very very flexible. Wanted something a little tougher. Also, its see-through. Not what I expected. Bought one a few months ago that had the same item picture that was of better quality for the same price. Should have gone through my previous orders to get the same one again. That one survived a motorcycle crash... this one wont
The front and back of unit is different from site picture. The unit arrive damaged, but the seller tried to help I don't think he knew it was damaged. The package came to me with no visible damage on box but when I open it there was damage on unit. Someone tried to get over!
I was ecstatic when this arrived. Used for two weeks and it worked perfect, following morning went to use the kick stand and something let loose, now it doesn't work at all. Seems to be an on going defect in the design by the look of others reviews. I would not recommend and look for something more sturdy.
Already lost grip after only a month of use. Doesn't stick to dashboard at all anymore.
The device does not stay in the band.
It's difficult to push the buttons on the phone with this case... wouldn't recommend.
It works if you want a cheap imitation Otterbox case. The clip doesn't stay open if you wanna use it for a stand. The slightest touch and it closes. The cover for the charger port broke off in less than a week.
Sound quality is ok but the thing I noticed while jogging is that the volume control is so big and bulky that the cord does not stay centered behind my neck. Because it weighs so much more than the cord it constantly works it's way over my shoulder dragging any slack in the cord with it. This wouldn't be a problem if your not moving around much.....but from jogging or yard work, it won't work for me. Too annoying.
Very poor tolerances, does not fit at all with Google live phone cases. Easy to install but ultimately a low quality screen protector. Material attracts finger prints and has a noted rainbow affect. Only positive aspect is that the screen remains very responsive.
Good headset background noise is terrible and a bad echo.
If you have a case on your phone good luck, you will have to take the case off to connect it in.
2 of the 4 don't work at all, 1 works if you put it in one direction, and 1 actually works like it should. Cheap product but I guess you get what you pay for
Was good while it lasted. Ended up breaking after about 6 months. Not the most durable, but was pretty cheap so you get what you pay for I guess
Worked well, but then leg broke after hand full of uses.
I really wanted to like and keep this case, because the design, color (I picked the Rose Gold color), and texture of the exterior is so beautiful. I had gotten it for my mother's new phone, and she really liked how it looked. Unfortunately, the plastic case that is supposed to fit tightly around the phone itself did not fit around the buttons on the side very well. First of all, it fits a bit loosely over the phone. Secondly, you cannot reach the buttons when the phone is in its case, because of the poor fit. I know the Moto E5 Play phone's buttons are quite small and thin, so it's probably difficult to design a phone case to fit well, but then if the phone case simply doesn't work, then it should not be sold and advertised as fitting the Moto E5 Play. I do wish it fit well, as it is such a nice case, but it is useless for the Moto E5 Play. Perhaps for other cellphone models this brand makes cases that fit better, and if so, I do recommend the Rose Gold color. It is nuanced and stylish, not tacky, and it doesn't have any chemical smell. It also came with a convenient mini-stylus. Too bad I have to return this one.
Had them less that a month and the plastic casing is unraveling and allowing the cord inside to bend a break. Not good quality! Not as advertised!
I had this phone for almost a year. Decided to wait on how the phones full functionality was. So far at the start, the battery life is really great. Thought it was great due to function. Only reason why I am giving this 2 stars, is well at first the phone was receiving calls well, but unfortunately not all calls went through. I had complaints from family that I never answered the phone when they called. Showing on their call log that they called me, but not showing on my end that I ever received a call with full service btw. (Happened countless times). I wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone if calls are a definite must.
The headphones started out well but they change songs and hang up phone calls whenever plugged into any phone. I've tested it with multiple phones and with other sets of headphones and the problem is clearly with my headset. On a positive note, they fit really well and when they worked, the sound was good. Unfortunately, I can't use them with my phone any longer.
I have an LG G5 smartphone. I give 2 stars because when this case is applied, you dial a number and press the talk button, the screen goes black. It covers the proximity sensor, which is located at the top right of the small speaker. I thought it was my phone, but once I removed the case, the phone did not go black anymore. Save your $10 and buy another case, that does not cover that area. That includes a screen protector also.
Only lasted for 3 months before I had to hold or place it a certain way for it to be charge my phone. It stopped charging my boyfriend's PS4 controller altogether.
I was extreamly disappointed in the s9+ I had a Motorola Gen 3 that worked as fast just didn't have the storage. It sure isn't worth a 1000 bucks. Would not recomend to a friend or worst enemy. Rip off
Not made well. Cheap plastic. I have a small phone but it won't hold it. It does hold my boyfriends. Sorry, I would't recommend it.
get what you pay for. already falling apart
Phone is not attached in the wallet the phone falls out of the wallet when the phone fell out of the wallet it cracked the screen I am very very upset now I've got a phone that the screen is cracked and it's a new phone this is not worth the money I spent on it
Perfect slim fit but it's not really dark blue... It's purple. I hate that because this is a good brand (used in the past). I won't be using this one. It's not my perception of color as my career depends on it. I've been mixing paint and color consulting for 12 years. This is definitely more purple than blue.
Very disappointed in this case. They make it look very sturdy in the pic but it is very flimsy. It's beautiful but I will never use it because of the cheap and flimsiness of it. Waste of my money.
I think this is really cute and I was really excited for this to work. But it is quite flawed. It is supposed to last for two charges, and I feel lucky to get one charge out of it. It is not at all reliable and I will need to buy a new charger because I don't trust this to work for me at all.
I picked this screen protector due to the full adhesion process rather than only having adhesive tape around the edges which does not stay on long and leaves a gap between the protector and the screen eventually collecting dust. The original screen protector film already had too many scratches so I went for this solution since it's actual glass. Any plastic film protectors I tried on my previous phones always had very noticeable imperfections. The picture quality is well maintained and no notable differences. However this screen protector does impact the fingerprint reader. I had to re-add my fingers and do have to press much harder with more frequent "no match found" issues. I seem to have gotten the hang of it, but due to company protection my phone wipes itself after too many attempts which is something you should consider if you rely on fingerprint. Update: It is getting worse by the day getting my fingerprints to recognize so I had to remove it. Downgraded to 2 from 4 stars as renders a phone function as useless.
Did not work out for me. It came out after putting the phone in spigen case. It would have been fitted well if they reduce length and width little bit all around.
After 1.5 hrs of software installs and updates on the computer and the GPS, it works. Unfortunately, the interface is not the same as the older VIA devices which were the same as the older TomTom GO devices. It seems to lag quite a bit when inputting addresses and the touchscreen is nowhere nearly as responsive. The new computer update app seems to forget logins as well as being pseudo-web-based (read as "unstable"). When powering on, the new GPS chipset did detect the location in the house, which the old versions could not do. After finally inputting an address with a stylus, it found a route quickly and accurately during setup. At least this version has an SD card slot that support 32GB. It was purchased for my mother and she seems happy with it (surprisingly since she does not like interface changes on Windows, TVs, tablets or phones). I honestly hate the input lag and lack of touchscreen responsiveness, the missing features, and the new interface though... so I averaged her 4 stars with my one star to give two stars. TomTom should also add back all of the BlueTooth phone and music options that it used to have, as many of us do not drive cars with Bluetooth nor even have stereo input options for music devices. When testing it, though the location detection and destination routing were ok, I found it was difficult to change routers or destinations quickly when pulling over to do so and I hated using a stylus... due to this and the loss of features, I guess my next device might be a Garmin instead of the TomTom family I have always used. Best Wishes to the rest of you current TomTom gps lovers if you are sticking around. I really suggest switch GPS brands -- or even using your phone with Google maps (if you do not care about your privacy)!
Disappointed that after 2 months of light use, the clasp won't hold. This was a 5/5 watch band until the other day when my watch fell off my wrist.
Product picture on the blue with gold splattering is 100% inaccurate. The whole case looks faded or like the printer was running out of ink while printing. I have searched for a place to contact the company without any luck. I'm completely disappointed in this case. The protection of the phone is great, it just doesn't look at all like the picture.
Four days, one drop, the whole plastic piece on the back cracked in half. Also, I'd have to take the whole thing off to plug in my aux.
Sorry! My daughters loved this case but it didn't last :/ it popped all the water out :/ I think it was the heat from the phones :/ but they were sad!
Did not protect my phone cracked my screen first time dropped and is not good waterproof
Super cheap. Won't give you an option for valume up or down... Returned
Poor quality leather, doesn't look very good. I gave it to some one else.
Beautiful color , but the material has no grip to it. I am afraid I will drop my phone.
This is a very cool looking pop socket but it unfortunately does not stick to the phone case I have. Very disappointed in this product.
Arrived with some of the stones missing. And more have fallen out.
I like the back of the case and it gives my phone a good accent. The edges of the case are really flimsy and have torn/ripped in some areas.
ok so its a nice case but when you pit that screen protecter on the screen that's build into the case the screen starts to leg and mess up you haft to push really hard to do something on your phone screen so i feel like if they fix that it can get a better review
Had issues with power not coming on when plugged in.. Had to unplug it and plug it back in a couple of times for it to actually start. Then once started it took anywhere from 5-30 seconds for it to be available for my phone to connect. If it had been just the power issue I would haven't reviewed it but the combination of the 2 I wanted to let people know what they could be getting into. Also doesn't work with Google Assistant.
It worked OK at first but broke within the first month and a half of purchase. Just outside of the return window but oh well. The little part that you have to screw backwards and forwards is very very finicky and frail. I do not recommend this item
It keeps lifting up on the edges.
It's not that expensive so I'm not that mad. But wish it would last longer.
Doesnt fit as a wallet
I've had better however this will do.
only operates on rechargeable batteries. went dead within 12 hours 3 times in first 2 days............
Was send the wrong Cowboys cell cover !!! I order the one you showing!!! But instead got a different one :(
Very pretty, however broke on day 2 😭
I liked this product but the screen protector got a small scratch in it and then it broke. I would buy this item again.
These headphones have great sound quality and work well with the in-line remote, but lasted less than three months. The right ear stopped working far too soon. Will not be purchasing again.
The screen protector I had on my Moto G4 Plus cracked across the screen bad. It was dropped from my bed which is low to the ground. I was shocked seeing it cracked. It looks like it was on my actual phone but I wanted to check and when I lifted the screen up it cracked in 5 places and was just ruined. I have only had this product for 3 months. It is sad that it only lasted this long.
They aren't large enough to properly protect. And they get stretched out and fall off all the time. Gave it 2 stars because they really are adorable.
Touch sensitivity sucks on this screen protector. I have to push harder than natural to get the screen to register. In the fingerprint scanner sucks barely ever reads maybe one out of 10 times it will actually read
I've bought three of these because they quit working within a few months. My last purchase didn't even work for a week. Keeps cutting out until it eventually just fails. Trying to find a better product.
I gave it a two for price, ease of use, and fit. The protector went on smoothly, no bubbles at all. The protector is tge exact size if the screen, which i knew going in. The deal breaker for me was tge clarity. I bought this for my iPhone X, a great screen. However with this on top, it gave it a kind of pixelated effect. Like, you know when your phone has oil residue, and you can kind of see the different colors in the pixels? Thats what this does, but all over. I thiught maybe it was dirty, but. I cleaning fixed it. Then i thought maybe it had another think plastic layer that i had to take off, but it didnt. I paid A LOT of money for my phone. I will not settle for a screen protector that diminishes the screen, the literal entire front face of the phone.
This was a great concept, but the adhesive is so weak that the stand fell off under the weight of itself (no phone on it) after an afternoon in the parking lot. I made sure to clean the surface prior to sticking the stand on my dash. Did the same with the adhesive replacements.
Ok where to begin on this one. I have installed and had many back up cameras and GPS units. I have trouble with all the great reviews and have to wonder how many are real. I had a Garmin voice activated GPS and wireless back up camera bought from Amazon.ca over the last 2 months. Both worked amazing, bright easy to see day or night. Problem was all the wires and thought I would do all in one and clean up the mess. Now for the pro's and cons of this Mirror. PRO'S Easy Install, Clean looking, Works ok (but read on) CON'S Dark lite can't be seen during day rendered useless during day light hours. Back up camera grainy compared to other brands. Got so hot once mounted to mirror burnt my fingers (Had to use space between mirrors to vent) Back up camera dark and fuzzy to see at night (Horrible) No phone with installed sim card only works voice commands for maps. Why didn't I return this unit? I had to pay Shipping and Import cost to Canada and would have had to pay to ship back costing more than the unit is worth. Lesson learned - Buy at your own risk!
Sound quality isn't great and no one can hear me if I use them to answer calls
When I first I got the case I loved it but then i took my pop socket off and notice the color change not sure what made it change color I tried to scrub the color off but won't come off this have never happened to me with a case before 😕
2 of the 3 cords stopped working after a few days.
I don't know why they keep falling apart the clip is hard to use and then it separates from the holder
The sizing is accurate & installation was as easy as I've encountered in the ~6 tempered glass protectors that I've installed over multiple devices. The packaging includes two wipes, one marked wet and the other dry, yet both were devoid of all moisture. I stuck the wet under a sink and was able to use it, but still didn't smell any rubbing alcohol as would be expected from a cleaning pad. I would overlook this for rating purposes, however more significantly there are very noticeable color streaks running vertically along the protector (see the attached photo which doesn't even quite do them justice). I'm not sure if it's an inconsistency in the oleophobic coating, but I will likely have to remove this protector if the streaking continues to annoy me. At this point, I would not recommend it.
This screen protector is great where privacy is concerned.... but it already has a crack going from the bottom to nearly the top it. I have only had this screen protector on my phone since Monday and I am super OCD about my phone and not dropping it etc. I'll still order screen protectors from Amazon, but probably a different brand.
This screen protector is horrible! It was hard to install. It wont stay down. It bubbles constantly. I've always bought screen protectors and have always installed them with little trouble, but this one is not worth the trouble.
I use Spigen exclusively for my phone cases and screen protectors. For some reason Spigen missed the mark with this case. The cutout for the fingerprint sensor is a little too close. Maybe I just got a bad case.?
Fits my 1986 K5 Blazer. Expect a lot of careful cutting with a dremel. The closer you are to the template, the better. I'm giving this two stars because the support bracket *is* flimsy plastic. I like many others I really wish it was still metal... they even "embossed" the metal look into the plastic which raises some eyebrows about Metra's honesty. There aren't many other options, at minimum this will guide you in cutting the DIN opening, and maybe fabricating the metal support bracket. The plastic works for a digital media radio... but I wouldn't trust it with a full CD player or anything long/heavy
Dropped my phone and the side of the screen cracked not very durable.
This cord freezes my iPhone screen! Users beware could damage your phone.
I bought this dome white screen protector. I don't have problems stalling read the review watch lots of videos how to the instruction. But it leave bubbles in the middle I wait for 10 to 20 for it to disappear but it didn't I did the second step but still have this circle in half th button of screen for the second time I leave it for half an hour nothing happen. So disappointed.
No real difference in my pics using this filter
No one can hear me the case is so thick. I have to put everyone on speaker and talk loudly into the bottom of the phone.
One side constantly disconnects
The case itself is very nice. The holder is not. The belt clip seems strong and holds the phone in place very (too) snug, but it is impossible to take the phone out of the belt clip with one hand. This is a must and is not possible with this holder. On day 2 the clip broke while trying to get the phone out. Very disappointed.
Small storage. Okay screen size. Okay battery charging once a day. Everything is slow. Kind of heavy.
Putting it on was simple; however, it was too big to work with my slim Otterbox case that overrides the sides by about 1 mm. The edges of the screen protector bowed upward, making the sides of my screen unusable and the top cracked as soon as I snapped the case back in place. Seems like an otherwise good product, just beware that if you have a case that wraps around the front of the screen at all, the protector will likely not fit.
When I bought this item, I'm pretty sure there were 50+ reviews and it was 4.5 stars. Now most of those "fake news" reviews have been removed, and as I write this it's a 3* item. GOOD: inexpensive, and you get two of them. I like the earpod shape (same as Apple original). NEUTRAL: audio quality. It's actually quite good in a quiet room, but when I was at the gym I noticed that there wasn't as much treble and it became harder to hear. Overall, better than I expect at this price range. Materials feels a little cheaper than the original. BAD: Microphone is OK for making calls but I think I have to speak louder. When I plug it into my apple laptop, it doesn't work. Also, the volume adjustment buttons seem to get stuck (if you press it once, it holds it down for a few seconds). VERY BAD: I'm still annoyed that someone paid for 50 fake reviews for this product. I'm taking a star off for this. Overall, if you lose your headphones regularly and want a cheap replacement, these aren't a bad choice. Not nearly as good as the original, though.
Really bad and too tighter to the cellphone
Didn't work most of the time!!! I should have returned!!!
Doesn't feel like real leather, and it smells. After you handle it, the smell gets on your fingers too. I'm returning it.
The outter shell was deformed and didn't fit together properly. Too much of a hassle to send it back.
This worked for 2 months or so, but now it cuts out the right speaker, so I do not recommend it. It also gives the car static sound when charging that requires a noise reduction isolator to block. That's not this products fault, but I would recommend also buying an isolator.
Material is not the greatest. I've had it for 2 days and it's already wearing. I would've prefered to pay more money for better quality.
Didn't fit correctly.
Looks and feels cheap. Some areas had obvious manufacturing defects.
Can't give these things about a 2 rating...the only reason they get a 2 and not a 1 is that max boost includes this plastic frame to help guide the screen protector on the phone and it works very well. Problem is all 4 corners of the protector will not stay sealed to the phone screen so you get that look where it appears as though the protector is gonna fall off. and it just looks bad....then fog hair gets under it, lint, fuzz, etc and it somewhat ruins the concept.
I just opened it and it does not have a zipper pull. A pain to open without a pull
I was hopeful that this would work out. The product has a buzzing sound when charging an iPhone Xs Max...might not hear it unless it's in a quiet bedroom right next to you on a nightstand...it was distracting
It worked until it didn't. It failed suddenly after less than a year
Really liked the case but fell apart pretty quickly. Corner started to crack after only week and now all corners have cracks and it's about to fall apart. Had it for about three months.
Very poor battery life. I bought this to replace my G5 battery which was almost 2 years old. The battery I received has a worse lifespan and causes my phone to die around 20% charge level. Pretty mediocre.
Overall I didn't like this screen protector because it has sharp edges I thought that they're rounded. And also screen protector is very thick.
Flashing area was not cut! Bad design!
I bought this case for the Alcatel Idol 4s with Windows. These phones are known to run a bit warm. Wrapping the phone up in plastic like this just traps the heat inside. The black shows every fingerprint. It's also a bit slippery.
The range is not good on these. I bought these to swim and listen to music. I have to stay near my phone or the sound breaks up. When I go under water the sound stops.
The card slot streached so it wouldn't hold cards anymore and it cracked
Can somebody please help me in how to take a screenshot on this phone BLU Studio XL2
these did not last me long at all. sadly the other ones i used to buy aren't sold anymore . i love how long they are but they do not last long !!! :(
This was supposed to be a four pack of cables. Only sent 3. Don't have time to send back.
Dropped my phone with the 1st screen protector. It came off and I could not put it back on. Looks like it's being held on with some kind of sticker just around the edges. The 2nd screen protector spider webbed over the whole screen with just regular phone usage.
It wasnt the right product but I still like it
I did not get a tempered glass screen protector. Case is pretty if that is all you expect. The words Fashion Case are in English, but product features and instructions on back are only in Chinese! I will be looking for a better one.
The purple glitter is beautiful! Super fast shipping too. But the cut out for the apple logo isn't lined up so it looks completely ridiculous. If the cut out was right this would have been an awesome case. Totally disappointed.
I love the case but i haven't even had it a week and there is suddenly an air bubble thats getting bigger each day even though i can't seem to find a leak in the case.
Hard to get phone in and out
I wasted my money on this product I used both protectors within a day of receiving it because they popped of my phone it did not stick well at all very disappointing
The reception is weak, cannot get many channels.
After only a couple uses, one of the ends broke off in my phone.
Not very impressed. Can't find a good option for the Samsung S9+. These screens crack very easily. I have yet to even drop my phone with the new screen on.
Initial review was 5 stars. Now it's only getting 2 b.c. it's cute but the stand doesn't work and it's only about 2 weeks old.
Had the phone ring on since late February and it finally lost its durability. The ring is lose and swings back and forth. Looks like it's getting rusted even though it hasn't been touched by water. Not sure if this is supposed to happen or that it only lasts a few months
THE CASE IS PRETTY BUT ITS VERY BULKY AND DOES NOT ALLOW THE FLASHLIGHT TO WORK, AS WELL AS IT AFFECTS BEING ABLE TO TURN SOME FEATURES OFF AND ON
Already stopped working
They work, but they do NOT fast charge Samsung S8
In the beginning it's very good but one week later it's not good. If you want a good screen then buy it for quality. Pay a little bit more then you won't be disappointed.
Not as much protection as most cases, but slimmer.
I would recommend steering clear of this one, even though it's very affordable. The glass itself is unpleasantly narrow, and no matter how you position it, it's going to leave sliver of the screen uncovered (as in, some of the pixels, not just the glass) on one side or the other. It's also pretty unpleasant to slide your thumb over it for gestures from the side. It _is_ tall enough that swiping up from the bottom isn't too bad.
Unfortunately, it stopped working after 45 days. I am unable to charge it
Sadly it failed to protect my phone from cracking after it landed on a protected corner on a wood deck. Great looking case but disappointed it didn't reduce corner shock.
Not screen protector or back of phone protector friendly. Also prevented me from using Google maps during to it interfering with the signal. On the plus side the case does look awesome.
Very soft ,not what I expected. I was looking for something a little more stronger
Does not really fit my cup holder tight.
I like the case, but my phone charger won't fit. The opening for the charger is too narrow. If I keep the case I have to buy new charges, one for my vehicle, car, and home.
Never tried to even mount it because I hated setting it up. It took two hands to pull the side apart to fit my phone in, which would have been dangerous while driving. Just not practical at all. If you plan on using your phone horizontally, you should be fine. But definitely not for those who like their phone to be vertical.
Purchased this for a "shared" car, but the connectivity is sporadic. Sometimes works fine, others no audio (I can hear but connection cannot hear me. Would not purchase again.
The red color looked cheesy. The navy blue was much better. Functions well but the colors faded quickly
Went on the watch too easily and does not hold in place - it slips out with a minimal tug. Plus the band has a slippery feel despite it's rubbery look and does not feel secure when strapped around the wrist.
Looked good the first day. Started to bubble up by three next morning. I used both and followed the instructions perfectly. Wish it wouldn't have bubbled up since it is an excellent glass projector.
This showed a lot of promise at first and I was more than excited to hop on the opportunity to purchase such a well designed phone holder. Unfortunately, while the idea of the product is flawless, the actual execution feels lacking. The magnet that doubles as a ball bearing works flawlessly. It is incredibly strong and durable. The base on the other hand feels plasticky and flimsy. I would be fine with that however assuming it worked properly. That is not the case though. The sheet of metal that you attach to your phone to mount the phone to the base is incredibly thin and I cannot for the life of me figure out why they made it neon blue. It completely ruins the case! Putting it inside of the case as some of the comments here suggested does not work either as this is very much just a thin sheet of metal. In no way is this sheet good enough for a magnet even as strong as the ball bearing to attach to. While the phone didn't come straight off it, as soon as I put my glass down on my desk, it dropped (and I have a cracked screen so that gave me a heart attack). I have a pretty light phone too. Having it on the case instead of inside just meant that it was extremely hard to remove said phone from the stand. All in all, I am disappointed by this product.
These have EXCELLENT sound quality but will only work for about 20 minutes without saying please charge me. Work great at first but after a couple weeks does not stay charged. Not happy.
unfortunately, this unit produces sound with a big echo for those you are calling or who have called you. your audio is ok, however they hear echo'd speech on the other end. the technician i spoke with indicated that this has been a common problem with this unit.i suggest you stay away from this one if you plan on using it with a phone.
This product is fine, not great. The five-star reviews are misleading. Included in the package we received was a business card offering a $10 Amazon gift card in exchange for a five-star review. The product works reasonably well, but fits over the dashboard awkwardly and doesn't leave enough height for the phone to fit securely in the clamp. The plastic is cheap, and while it does the job it's nothing to write home about. If you're looking for quality and a sleek fit, look elsewhere. Don't let the five-star reviews fool you.
Good design but touch sensitivity is horrible:(
The package came with a tool to remove links for smaller wrists, but after a few frustrating hours, I gave up...
Item broke after wearing for less than a month. Luckily it was when I was home, otherwise my fitbit would have been lost as I did not even feel it come off at all.
Dropped my phone and the entire back cracked again. The case didn't do much of anything.
The charger that I got keep changing from on to off not charging properly my cellphone. The ac port in kind of narrow for the cable sent but I am not sure if this is the problem. I just know that it should work well and it is NOT!
It's very stiff. Hard to move. Also once clamped to table it slips because you have to use so much strength to try and bend the arm of steel.
Picture don't show how this case is really made it's cheap and would not trust my 1000 dollar phone in it
1 broke on day two, just stopped working. The others have been working for a week and charge quickly.
This band was initially absolutely perfect: fit well, gorgeous subtly shimmering color, interesting texture. But it didn't hold up. Within a month of daily wear (not sleeping in it or swimming), the end started splitting and separating. Had to discard.
Didn't get out was very hard to tune in my cobra,ultimately bought and love the 4 ft firestik,
Left bubbles and voids where the glue didn't spread evenly. The light turns off every minute. Basically you have to baby sit the light for curing for 15min. I'm afraid now the residue that will be left over when I remove the screen protector.
While the fit is good, it doesn't seem to stick on the curved sides very well. Especially with the case on it.
The plastic broke putting it on my phone
The speaker sounds great, but my only complaint is the controlling of the volume. It requires a hold down of the button, and if you let it go it will either skip or start over what you were listening to.
Pretty nice case, until it broke pulling it out of my pocket after 7 months of use. 2nd MotoX4 case that has not lasted very long without doing anything major to it.
It doesn't really work on the S7. The slight curve of the sides causes a gap on both sides. I aligned it perfectly for the install, and it looked great for a few minutes, but the protective glass slowly came away from the screen on the edges. 3mm of black screen on both edges has an air gap where the screen protector will not stay down. I'm leaving it for now, since it does provide screen protection, but I expect to get sick of the gaps and remove it before too long.
Product worker great for 2 months then started to flicker and fail.
Bought this case a few months ago. Looked and fit great. I was sitting on a lazyboy, accidently knocked it off the arm rest, and the corner of my phone hit the tile. Not only did it crack the screen, but my LCD broke too. 2 stars because it looked nice, but that is being generous.
It is hardy alright. 5 stars for that. But once the case is on the iPhone, the buttons become difficult to use. Emphasis on security has diluted the phone features.
I purchased this after my daughter's broke the one I originally had on my phone. It worked for a couple days then one day it just stopped sticking as well and kept falling off. The case I had it on was cheap so I didn't mind using super glue to keep it on, then it wouldn't close, so now I can't put it in my pocket or anything. It just stays " popped " at all times. I've purchased a better one. I wouldn't recommend buying this product
Pay for what you get. Will be buying better brand soon.
Since I received the phone has presented many problems with the battery and the charger. I have called the Apple support service and I have been informed that the celphone has been stored for more than a year therefore the warranty is not active and they can not confirm if the phone has been refurbished or not
Nice quality of sound but very quiet at max volume. Not really suited for listening unless you are in a small room
*Update* I was loving the case but unfortunately have to give it a lower rating due to having issues with people hearing me speak. The case covers the bottom speakers completely and have to keep removing the case in order to soeak and be heard. Not fun at all. Still well protected but dislike case because of this major issue. *First Review* I love the raised corner edges that gives extra protection if it falls.
Didn't work right out the box
The edges of this screen protector completely chip off and leave jagged edges. This the second one I've applied in 2 weeks with the same results. When I remove it, the watch screen is perfectly in tact. So I suppose it's doing it's job. If you're a delicate flower and don't bang into things, you'll probably be fine with this protector. But then again, you probably don't even need one in that case.
The clarity is great but I can barely use my touch screen. Very disappointed.
Screen protector is way to small for moto e4. Very disappointing.
I had this phone for about a year, and then it went into bootloop. Despite doing everything I could find on Google to fix it, I could not get it to work. So I replaced it with the same phone because I had really love it. Two weeks after I bought this, it went into bootloop and could not be fixed. Very displeased that I wasted my money.
Case itself is great, but the glass protector was already broken in the package. Doesnt bode well for how it'll work if its broken before i even get it. I didnt return it... Didn't want to wait 2 weeks to get a case. Going to buy a cheap glass protector instead.
The adhesive started loosing grip a couple days after applying. Had to throw away 👎🏻
Ordered leather but this looks & feels like cheap vinyl. Unsure if I'm keeping. Already ordered 3 other cases from another supplier I've ordered from in the past & their leather is top quality & cheaper. This one did come in a nice well made box. Maybe they should of spent more on product quality. I feel I paid for the box, as this was $5 more than previous cases I've purchased. I ordered this in burgundy, not sure how other colors are but I don't care for this color either.
These worked fine for about 3 -4 months. Then one by one, each one just stopped working.
I returned a $35 unit for this one. My background: Satellite Communications Engineer, professional high-end home audio manufacturing. My problem? The unit will stop all output to speakers but not subs. For whatever reason, it will do this about twice a week and I have to restart my vehicle about 10-20 times before it will output to main speakers. I'm guessing it's maybe a protection circuit, but it will sometimes heat up and sometimes won't? Doesn't make sense. Furthermore, I want to meet the people who designs consumer electronics. The next/previous track buttons are 2 of the most important, so why for the love of god are they some of the smallest buttons? They are hard to see, at the bottom, and tiny. I hate driving and changing tracks. Why is the back button bigger and easier to get to? Built in Spec Anny is useless, hard to navigate folders, menus, etc. Also, sometimes the track title displayed will not change when I go to another song. It will display that one song no matter the number of times changed.
The chargers are still working. The wiring is coming out of the charger but it's still working.
The charger made my iPhone X very hot while charging so I'm not sure it is safe or working correctly. It works however as mentioned only comes with a short USB cord.
The stand itself is well made. I was impressed with it. The problem is that I tried using it on the back of a case instead of the cellphone itself. The adhesive is garbage. I used it for a day, and before I could find some better adhesive, the ring popped off and I lost it while I was at work. Too bad because the ring was nice. Before you mount it, go buy some real, name brand adhesive strips to hold it to your phone.
It is perfect for cellphone but i don't recommend this for any cameras, definitely not any kind of dslr. I have a canon g20 and it is a compact point and shoot camera. The tripod sinks in when I mount the camera on it.
The back of the case is nice, slicker than I thought which is fine, still comfortable, but the overall materials (rubber/plastic casing) is pretty flimsy. Though the most important feature, the lip for the glass screen, is just too short by a mm or 2. So, if you use a glass screen protector, like zagg, when putting phone face down, you will be sitting on the glass, not on the case's lip. Also, I dont believe that if this phone was dropped that it would actually do much for protection. I was under the impression this would be a bit more rigid, like incipio or incase. Full edge shock protection is quite a stretch.
Case is nice, it interferes with my signal from the magnets and aluminum. Seems to be very sturdy construction
Im a pretty small girl, but this song does not fit very well. It cant get tight enough to not want to slide down my arm or even just remain somewhat snug. Also its cover is pretty lose over the phone which causes any action on the touchscreen to be quite inaccurate. Obviously not for texting. But for just wanting to skip a song or something. Sometimes you have to touch the screen a few times before itll action something on your phone.. Its alright and it does the job... Sorta.. But it could have been designed way better.
This case seems to be well made. My issue is that they sent me the wrong print. They sent me a rose print but I wanted the multi colored flower print. I will still use it, but it's not as pretty looking as the one I wanted.
time does not show when wrist is turned as instructed. Temperature is always the same; does not change with ambient temperature..
I purchased this item it does not work on my 110 house charger and intermittent on 12volt maybe defective
The product is great if you put it on once and never move it. But if you need to take it off and put it back on at all, during normal wear and tear the metal pieces begin to protrude through the rubber. So every time you take it off or put it back on it scratches the vents. Sorry to write a bad review but after now seeing multiple scratch marks on both of our cars, pretty bummed that the rubber didn't hold up.
These cables work great... for about a week. After a week of use the cable no longer works. The length is great though!
I didn't find this very convenient to use. It wasn't easy to move and would bend the wrong way. I returned it.
I have to press extra hard on my phone in order for it to work. The screen protector needs work
It's not comfortable on the hand... it hurts my pinky when I use it for support. It doesn't protect the iPhone, it's a really thin cover. I received it today and I'm ready looking for a new one. Will use an old one meanwhile. Worst than all, it doesn't protect the camera :| On the good side, color is pretty. Matches the picture.
U.S.A. not seamless. Carrier says no. Issues exist.
This is the second time I ordered this case. The back cover broke again, within weeks! It states on the packaging that the case has life time warranted. However, Amazon does not offer refund nor exchange.
The cover is not protective at all and the screen protector has a terrible rainbow effect. At least the built-in stand works Ok, and the camera is protected, but still i am not happy with this purchase.
my main reason for this was to have advertised auto off timer to turn off my coffee machine, however it just doesn't work as expected, when coffee machine is heated and heat element turns off the plug detects it as standby and as result auto off timer just stops counting and when heat element goes on the timer restarts as result the plug never turns off my coffee machine the app can't detect standby of coffee machine as it can't go lower then 2W and there is no rule to set to ignore standby mode for the turn off timer so it's useless device for my use case yes, tech support for wemo was nice, but can't help as it's limitation of the app and / or the plug
I had two issues: first the size is not large enough for G7 power. Secondly, the edge does not stick to the screen enough so there is always some air bubbles on the edges
Color DVD worked for a few minutes then went to black and white, poor video quality
Did not hold the charge.
Didn't last long! Stopped working on one side and then stopped working at all!
One of the 5 chargers stopped working in just a few days. Will need to wait and see how far the other ones hold up
I was disappointed, because a couple of the phone cases were warped and could not be used on the phones.
The connector at the phone end gets loose most of the time. Only after some time you realize that no charging happened due to this. I wont buy it again.
The idea is great But I bought 3 of these and they ended up not charging after a couple of days of being used.
Make an annoying hum when you leave them plugged in to a socket. Tried different sockets in my house and they still continued to buzz this annoying little sound.
Maybe since it's brand new it's hard to put in and take out cards. Which makes it sort of start to peel off from the phone. I have a feeling it'll eventually come off
I BOUGHT THE ITEM BUT WAS NO GOOD. I NEEDED TO BUY ANOTHER ONE THAT FITTED BETTER.
If I had written this review when I first bought the headphones it would be an all 5 star review. These headphones sound and work great. That being said now that I've had them for some time and haven't really used them very hard. Just mainly a few hours a week. The battery life has dropped pretty low, I'm lucky if I get two hours out of them and it takes a long time to charge them back to full. A lot of times I use one headphone at work and when the battery dies now I basically can't use it again the same work day.
They are very pretty, but I was disappointed because from the picture I thought the credit card was covered by the fabric, but I guess that's a money holder...sadly I wont use them because I like my credit cards to be completely covered
The color is nice but it gets directly really quickly. It also snags on everything. I will defiantly not be buying again
Breaks VERY easily. So brittle
Looked super nice but is peeling and splitting after 2 months.
Edges do not adequately protect the screen from drops.
I tried using this to listen to music and it works for about a minute and then it says that the accessory does not work with the iPhone. It also doesn't stay in my phone. I would not recommend buying!
It lasted 4 weeks before the metal plate in the card holder started to break open. I only put an ID and train pass in there so it was not over stressed. Will be throwing away. The case survived a drop and that's the only reason I did more than 1 Star.
I liked this product enough that I bought two so I'd never have to have my phone plugged in. However after 5 months it caught fire after sitting in my car without a phone in it for roughly a hour. As a result my brand new truck caught fire and now stuck with a $500 deductible to fix the damages
There is static in the background no matter what frequency I try.
First of all, these are not anti-fingerprint. My company cell phone has an anti-fingerprint glass screen protector and this is not it. Secondly, it went on just fine, but the edges don't seem to want to seal properly. I ended up removing the first one and trying the second, only to have it do the same thing. I've left the second one on, but I have a feeling it won't stay on long, so they were both a waste imo.
These batteries did NOT seem to work well within a week/two of purchasing. The charge would not last a day and I had to put it on my charger. I would NOT recommend this product....waste of money.
I don't like the cases because they have a visible dot grid that makes the display of your device look blurry and less crisp (see my pictures). I don't understand why the cases aren't glossy and clear. I'm guessing the grid disperses impact from bumps and dings? I would buy a basic film protector next time because this makes my display so cloudy and fuzzy that I don't even want to use it.
Not truly designed for the curved edges
Average. Fits at an incline, so the connection is not always there. It has an LED that is always on so you do not know if you are charging your phone or not. You have to keep jiggling it and hope it works. Also, it easily comes apart. Nice idea, but poorly executed.
It did not work out for me. I could get the back on but the front piece would not go on. I returned it.
this is an easy fix but the piece fits well, and is pretty quick, tools are a bonus, already had some but took my phone out of my pocket a week into having it to a huge gash across the screen and now im 3 1/2 months later its pretty scratched to hell, idk why, normal phone use nothing crazy, doesnt seem like its hard enough glass, only 2 stars because its cheap easy to fix and tools are a bonus
Unfortunately this is not a fast adaptive charger... at least not for my Galaxy S8. I put this in my VW Passat 2017 and it was a regular connection. Hope this helps someone else.
Cheap knock off item of the actual iPhone aux adapter will work for approximately 30 seconds then stop and then an error message will appear saying that the device is incompatible. It is cheap though and you can always return it so no hard feelings.
Dropped my phone and it still broke with this case.
Package was stolen from in front of the door the way it was thrown on the ground front door
These cables don't last long. I received them in December and they all stopped working by July.
Consider something else. This holder keeps coming out.
I was very excited about getting these. Especially sad, because the belt texture felt really nice - almost like apple's. However, the blue one was way too loose for 38 - it didn't feel secure at all, so I wasn't ready to risk it. The gentle pink one was loose and way too wide, the sides of the bracelet were showing on each side - agaim, not secure either.
I used this on my phone for about a month and the screen shattered. I'm giving it a 2 star just because it actually provided phone privacy. I just wish that it was made of stronger material.
I love the case but after buying 3 of them and having them all fail in the same manner I can not recommend this product. The top tab that holds the phone in the holster broke on all 3. I contacted the seller, who referred me to the manufacture. Looks like I am going to end up eating the costs and finding a new product. FYI: my last holster lasted 3 years until I retired it and bought a new phone. If only I could remember where I bought it.
This is only for the rim of your phone. I thought it was a gold case but it's not.
Product does NOT come with phone attachment
Look nice but start peeling in area where magnet strap is
Not the correct cover for Galaxy s8 had to return it.. Return handled great.
Not crazy about it & maybe because its too small. Hard to get on.
This is not a bad case but it's too big. Every time I take it out of my pocket one side comes off. A little sad.
Didn't receive this product although it said deliver
Out of the 3, 1½ are working. Like the thought of having a short cable. I just wish quality was better.
I have had them about 2 months and ime side is already going out! Then, there is not a microphone on it, so using it during phone calls is a JOKE!!
The LG bluetooth set was purchased in November 2017 and was used beginning in December 2017. Unfortunately, one speaker stopped working in February 2018. This is the second LG bluetooth set I have had this happen to!
I bought this screen protector based on overall rating from so many customers. I placed the first screen protector on the day received. About two days later I accidentally dropped my phone. The screen protector popped right off. I am on the second now. Hopefully it stays on.
The back of the case cracked after two months. I didn't even drop the phone. Does not include a screen protector
No oleophobic coating you will see fingerprints easily, has an annoying white outline that doesnt go away kn the phone. Comes off easily. Bought a different screen protector within a week
This is nice looking, but that's about it. The rubber didn't stay tight against the hard case. One of the clips broke not long after I had it.
I set it in my purse and the corner broke off, and the gems fell out
One of the C-type ends was full of hard plastic and as a result I had to throw it out. Not really upset since the price was still low enough to justify two working C-type cords.
This device quit working shortly after the return period. However, the instructions say to avoid long exposure to the burning sun. If this is a solar charged product, it should take full sun all day. It is not really solar charged, but it did charge a few times using a USB cord before it quit working.
I like the simplicity of this style holder, but 2 of the 4 rings got floppy after 1 day of use. They still function as a finger grip, but will not work as a prop.
its super cute i got some compliments but the rinestones came off so it looks really basic now
It is uncomfortable and pulls the hair on my arms.
Can't use as the LED voltage indicator stays on all the time and drains the motorcycle battery.
Really easy to install no rainbow effect installed it on a brand new phone spotlessly clean screen it is here for three days and fell off.
The surface its too small to hold an iphone X in a case. The phone slides every time the car turns
There is a weird circle for the fingerprint sensor. The screen protector did not stay on very long.
came in the mail cracked with the back slightly peeling
It's not that great. It has a black edge and makes the screen smaller. That could be by design and I just didn't see it on ad. It also was too thick, had to push keys real hard. Plus popped off on 3rd day of use.
The only reason I'm keeping this case is because I like the feel of it. As for the battery charging it doesn't charge if your phone is at 90 percent it might charge it two percent before it dies.
The quality was very low and the picture became blurry.
The case fit perfectly on a iPhone 8 Plus in an Otterbox defender. My only complaint, and it is a major one, is that the belt clip is too weak. It worked well for a few weeks and then loosened up so much that the case could just be gently bumped off my belt. I think the spring clamp is just to fragile. Otherwise I would have been quite pleased, but that issue makes it worthless for my purposes.
An ok phone but the ram size is too small and the finger print lock is broken.
It chipped and cracked all way across the screen within a week of having on my phone wouldn't buy again
This piece is beautiful but doesn't have a way to anchor it to the face of the watch. It simply snaps on but easily falls off. This was the second one I bought but after only a month, it fell off too and was lost.
I really wanted to like this product but it took a lot of tweaking to get it to sit right and stop slumping. I had to constantly tighten the bearing and then when I finally got it in the perfect spot one of the prongs snapped. I only bought this in September 18! If 3 months is the best they can do you might as well find something else.
I love having my phone mounted in my car, but the magnet keeps falling off. I'm able to put it back on for a short bit, but it falls off again. Can't recommend.
Mine came with a glob if epoxy on the connector. The usb side slides out of the casing. It doesn't lock in place so you have to watch it and keep plugging it in. 2 stars because it technically works, but the hassle isn't worth the low price.
I just received this phone case last week and it already has a tear on one of the corners. However, I do really like the overall look of the case and the color (yellow) is just how its pictured. The feel of the case is also very nice.
The key did not work as given in the instructions. My car is a Nissan Rogue 2011. I got the keys cut from a locksmith. It had to be programmed separately and the programming instructions given with the product did not work. I had to spend an additional $100 for getting it cut and programmed for the two keys. Good news is this still cheaper than getting this done from a dealer.
The earbud are a good design. However, one of the broke with in a week of use.
Product very deceiving. Advertise as full coverage and the screen protector does not cover the actual black screen of my phone. As you can see the screen protector I just removed was FULL COVERAGE... very disappointed 😡
This product was very easy to install yet after not even a week of having it on my phone the screen protector was ridiculously scratched up and then cracked immediately when dropped not even a foot on the ground. I wouldn't necessarily suggest buying this product.
Garmin DriveSmart 60 NA LMT GPS Navigator System with Lifetime Maps and Traffic is stuck on calculating 80% after update of maps. This happens repeatedly even after rebooting the device. For this price this GPS should not have these malfunctions.
There are definitely pros and cons about this screen protector: PROS: * It is super easy to install. Using the guide provided, it took me only a few seconds to install it. And there were no bubbles or anything to smooth out. So, bonus. * It's fits perfectly, and doesn't interfere with my phone case. * It's smooth, and the edges don't peel away like others I have used. CONS: These sort of negate all the pros for me... * The touch sensitivity is AWFUL! I have to hit the screen relatively hard to get it to recognize my movements. And forget about swiping! I have had to swipe very deliberately and slowly to get it to do what I actually want. * It's almost too smooth, so my fingers slip away from the area I'm working on, making it quite frustrating to do anything. I am not going to bother to return it, but after a week of trying to get used to it, I just can't keep it. I'm going back to Armour Suit.
These are kind of loose when plugged into an iPhone, cord can be easily jiggled so sometimes it won't charge...about a 70% charge rate. Pretty color and the cord is rather stiff, so maybe that's why it won't break/fray. Don't recommend these.
This connected easily to my phone and I generally liked it. I returned it because several people told me they couldn't hear me clearly and because it would not automatically disconnect from my phone when I turned off my car even after several minutes. I would be sitting in my office trying to answer a call only to realize it was connected out in my vehicle. Not a good impression to make to clients. I don't recommend it.
This didn't really fit my phone properly. As a result, it pops and clicks every time I touch it, due to it resting just above the screen. The protector leaves a slight gap in between the screen and the protector. This isn't because I didn't have it installed correctly, either. I know what I'm doing and I had it sitting exactly where it was supposed to on the phone. It also cracked in the same place my original protector cracked, but in less than a week after I installed it.
Though I like the watch - it's notification capabilities are not working in their entirety. Just sms. And not email or Instagram alerts which are on their app, but don't work. The app says twitter, Facebook and other Chinese social media notifications but I don't need all that. Tried emailing support but no response. Website is in Chinese. There is no phone number either. If they fix this I will happily edit my ratings but if not, this will be returned. Hope they read these reviews although that might be wishful thinking.
This product looks great but first time using the magnet part and driving around and my phone goes flying while driving the magnet came apart. NOT glued on well. I have not used the ring part but seems stiff so I didn't try to move it.
This item is advertised as brand new, but they actually sent a used phone in a heavily damaged box. The phone has light signs of wear on all sides, the accessories were not in their plastic wrap, and the phone did not turn on with a first-time setup window. The Shipping box was undamaged, so they knowingly shipped a product in a damaged box with a hole in it.
Case is slippery. but it fits the phone good
Charges but does not play music from my iPhone 7 from my older iHome...what can I do??
It doesn't fit my samsung Galaxy s9plus with an armored protective case on it,so I will go back to my tough tested 3xl phablet case that I paid $18.00 for. I can use this as a EDC pouch
Pretty but wasn't expecting them to be so small. Was unsuccessful with putting them on nails because they're not flat back. Also, they become transparent when put on darker nail polish. Maybe good for other projects, not for nails though
Not useful in the recipient'scar since it requires a headphone jack.
The case cannot secure the watch as it is supposed to. Don't buy.
its a fingerprint magnet
You get what you pay for.... Junk!
Used this product for approximately two months and it stopped working. I liked the length and feasibility of attaching it to my key chain for whenever use but the outside plastic cover began to unravel and within a couple of weeks after that, the charger failed to work.
Nice case but the ring broke off after about two weeks.
Product worked for 4 months then stopped. Looking into getting something else.
It's weak as fuck. Have to change channel over 5 seconds I feel like to have a quality signal. Too much interference
Was hard to work with. Hard to put usb in plus iPhone side plug
The screen protector literally falls off on it's own.
I originally gave this case five stars. I have now broken two of them in 6 months, both in the exact same way. Both cases failed where the tab that holds the phone into the belt clip/holder. Both tabs that retain the phone broke off, leading me to believe there is a problem with the material or design.
No what i thought it was gonna be. I like tge camera but i dont like that i cant activate it remotely.
Fits great. Somewhat easy to install...except for the bubbles. So many bubbles. I would lift the corners and try to squeeze out a few bubbles here and there, but some were just too stubborn. It's been a week with the glass on and a few bubbles disappeared, but some long ones close to the left edge are stuck there, ugh. Touch sensitivity is great, but the damn bubbles. Frustrating.
It feels good, and installs easily. However, the protector does not cover the whole screen width wise. I thought my first one was oddly cut, so I tried my second one, but it had the same problem. There are lines on each edge of the screen and it is really distracting.
Great while they last. I have never had one last a full year. You can do better than this Garmin.
I love the feel and fit of this case....I just wish I had known it would shatter so easy when I took it off.
This doesn't work very well. My daughter has one and fell, didn't stop the screen from cracking one bit.
Only lasted 3 months, but did protect my screen when I dropped my phone.
Fingerprint reader didn't work after installing. Installation was easy, just drop on and smooth out. Only 3 stars for scratch resistance... Trying to be neutral here because I never actually got to test it. For the S10, I'd recommend something with the fingerprint hole cut out, they have screen protectors like that, I looked.
I have high hope for this product but it is not charging as fast as cables.
The product doesn't have the strength to hold up my phone, a Galaxy J7 V unless I coil the arm a lot which defeats the purpose. I bought this one to give me better range than the tiny one I have but I ended up just taking the claw mount off this and using that on my other mounts. I trashed the arm, it was like a wet noodle.
The colors in it are nice with the gradients. It fits the phone well. My phone is black so the colors don't show as well as in the photos where it's on a white phone (but that's OK). The deal breaker is that the plastic the back is made out of shows every single finger print and mark and it just looks gross all the time. Even after only having it on my phone for 5-10 minutes it looked terrible. I'm really bummed because I liked everything else about it.
When I opened the shipping envelope I had found the product was already open, pieces missing and the screen was already broken as if someone had returned it and they shipped that one to me. The instructions were good and it came with an installation sleeve so it would be perfectly aligned but didn;t that chance.
Too small for the note 8. After peeling off the protective film from the screen it creates an inner line. Visible adhesive all on the top and bottom boarder. Just doesn't look good.
To start this was a very good wireless charger. I liked the fact that you could release the phone even after there was no power to it. Had no problems holding my s10 plus or charging it through my otterbox defender case. After having this for almost 2 weeks the charging port got very loose and stopped charging the device. I had to press on it very hard to get it to charge. I had it replaced and the replacement started doing the same thing. For 50 dollars I would have though that it would at lease used type c charging but it does not, and that is the reason the charging port gets loose. I ended up getting a cheaper one that uses type c and it works perfectly.
product doesnt hold phone in place during operation
Functions but the pins are cheap and short/barely fit. With the pins being so small I feel like it would just pop off without warning. Also the band is narrower than others I've had that are of the same style. The color and texture are good which are the only reasons that this didn't get a one star
Product arrived on time, looked great. But the zipper almost immediately broke. Returned with refund
It's pretty but leaked out all liquid within first month
don't like the glass, liked the old zagg. glass busted within a week of having it
Lasted 3 days. The tightening nut cracked and cant tighten it. Doesnt like bumps hit a bump and it opens and releases your phone which is now on the floor. The wireless charging was awesome
I've had this case only a month and it's already tearing. It was in my purse, no drops. Hesitate to recommend. But gorgeous color.
I think the headphones are somewhat comfortable for sleeping, however, one side of the headphone stopped working 3 weeks after I purchased the product.
At first I was very happy with the look and quality of this case. I have only had a month and it has begun to crack on the edges, so I don't think the quality is great. Disappointed with this purchase.
Cheap made but works great
This was the hardest screen protector ever to install. I used both sheets trying to avoid the bubbles and still have bubbles in the screen. I am going to order something that does not require water to install.
Broke after 1 fall At least 4 air bubbles
We bought it a month ago and one of the 3 chords is already broken/won't charge.
Everything was ok but for some reason the charger is no longer working so now I have to find a new one
Fit isn't great, two days in and it had shattered on the curved edge. Was expecting more, have one of their screen protectors on my switch and it has held up beautifully.
Radio has a nice look to it, but when first extending the telescoping antenna, the end piece came right off with no effort! It was not crimped/attached properly. But, it is not worth the hassle of returning it, so I will live with it as a backup emergency radio. As many others have said on here, its operation is not very intuitive and took me some time to figure out some of the basics. The tuner seems subpar and unable to pick up some of the weaker stations around here, but maybe the faulty antenna has something to do with that. The sound quality isn't horrible and the overall look is decent, but I would look at other options before choosing this one.
Horrible for iPad because the clamps (which are designed to hold two of corners on the diagonal) hit the power button!!! So frustrating!!
The camera has no USB cord. It won't run continuously. It was cheap, but I wish I would have spent the money to get a better unit.
You will have a problem putting any adhesive decals like for a magnetic holder on this case. Also not happy with the color it does not look as depicted in the picture on Amazon
I would rate higher but the screen protector does not fit and cannot be attached. Will need to return.
I am so disappointed with this case. It doesn't look nearly as nice as it does online. The purple flowers barely had any color, and there were huge chunks of shiny, copper colored metal all over the place. It looks very cheap and tacky. This is going straight back.
The case is lightweight compared to my previous Mophie and works well when charged; however, the charging cord does not stay in place, it does not click in and I'm constantly having to double check to ensure the cord is still plugged in. If you set the phone still and never move it while it's charging, it's fine but that's not a reality for me and especially if you're trying to charge in the car.
Didnt last a year. Case is not durable. Bumber peeled off from back of the case. Expected better from Incipio.
Devise runs very slow, freezes, and shuts down on its own.
The case was exactly what I thought and the back light was bright but it would cut on by itself at different times which would be annoying
Lots of background noise and not as good of sound as they say.
I bought this for my Samsung Galaxy 9S. It fit nice, I thought it was perfect. I ended up buying a different one because the glare was too much. I had to constantly move it so it wouldn't reflect any light.
I mean it protects your phone from scratches, but also makes your touch screen almost non useable. You have to push down hard for it to work.
The protectors went on easily, the guide was helpful, but the protector doesn't completely touch the screen all the way around. The screen doesn't respond to contact in this area.
Great dash cam, very good PQ and easy install. This is an update after 2 months of use. For some reason, this camera will stop recording after a few minutes and start recording again after 10 seconds. So I'm changing from four stars to two stars.
Run doesn't fit your phone not worth the buy.
Purchased two of these...both stands broke off.. asked seller for just the plastic stand piece and was offered a 3 dollar discount if I purchased another one.... why would I do that if the stand keeps breaking??!!!
The product discolored within 2 weeks.
Can't silence the ringer at all...even in Vibrate mode. Plus it sends all sounds from phone to watch. Doesn't seem to be a way to isolate phone only sound.
I was hoping to have a fast charge cable, but it actually doesn't work as described... With my Nintendo Switch, I simply cannot charge while playing. And if I leave the console idle and charge, it takes 3+ hours to finish, even with a powerful adapter which charges my iPhone 8+ pretty fast (much faster than the small adapter provided by Apple), so it's not an issue with my adapter). I didn't rate 1 star because of the price and neat white LED.
Really cheap product plastic no grip what so ever
3 our of the five do not work! Got them for my trip and just used them!!! Disappointed And my return window closed!!!
The case itself is not bad looking. And it isn't meant to protect against being dropped. Either way the Ipod touch was dropped and the case offered no protection. If you want a case just spend the money on one that protects it. My iphone has been dropped a hundred times and the glass has never broken and it's in perfect condition.
doesnt cover front screen
The cord will only charge if we use it with our 12W connector. It doesn't work with any of our 5W connectors. I tried it on a new Ipad, Iphone 8 and Iphone 5.
I bought this as well as a Spigen protector because I figured they'd make it perfectly for their own products. The product is a little bit too big and unless you are a surgeon with 100% accuracy, you won't get the screen protector on without the edges getting messed up. They also barely give you enough of the spray to get it on so you can move it around and whatnot. I wasted 3/4 of the bottle trying to get the first protector on and once I finally managed it, the underside was dirty from all the times I removed it and tried again because it's nearly impossible.
It isn't worth $28, carried it two days in my pocket and the case turned blue from touching my blue jeans. It looks dirty and old now, and within hours of carrying this case there are two big scratches on the back, and it was strictly normal use. I have no idea what made the scratches, it was never dropped. This case scratches easily and shows other colors. Very sorry I bought it. Mine is the rose color. It was pretty for about 6 hours and now I regret buying it.
The protector covers the screen completely, which is nice, but when I put on my Spigen brand case, it is slightly too large and causes the edge to get lifted.
These charges work great, while they last. I have bought multiple, and every single one works a few months then stops charging. Don't buy!
Pros: -Thin -Snug -good fit for iPhone 7 Plus Cons: -Slippery -Cut out for the Apple logo is cut too low which cuts off some of the upper portion of logo -prone to scratches.
Had high hopes for this case for the 6s. Bought the case in January and the bottom corner has completely broken off without any hard drops 3 months after purchasing. Now it has started peeling.
Charging cable is hard to fit through and sometimes doesn't stay. Haven't purchased a replacement yet but plan to do so as soon as I can.
Had streaks on first two screens- returned.
Meh. Of all the brands I've tried, this ranks in the bottom. The adhesive is only on the edges, the screen is mostly covered, and touch response is unaffected. However, you can clearly see the screen protector when the phone is on or off. It's okay for the price, but quality comes at a cost. I would not purchase this again nor would I recommend it.
This is a nice case and fits very well. I bought because my iPhone 8+ has a glass back and slides around. This case is almost just as slippery as the glass back.
Never did get it to connect. Plus it looks and feels like a giant chalky crayon. Maybe it wasn't refurbished correctly?
Great service. The glass Would not stay on the s7 edge and the edges were hard to respond to the touch. You had to push very hard to get it to register. The glass stayed up off the phone a smidge.
the picture was all distorted at the top and bottom and the camera got so hot you could not hold it to do testing
This is the first type of screen protector I've used on a phone. I struggled a bit with touch sensitivity on this but that's not the biggest issue. Today, just 2 weeks after installing this protector, I noticed that it cracked. I've never dropped the phone or sat on it. I bought this as I plan to sell my phone in just a few short weeks. Just testing the iPhone Xs and I need to sell it like new. The phone has been perfectly cared for. How terrible that this cover breaks in two after just a few weeks of normal use. EDIT: Contacted the seller and they are shipping me a new package, no cost to me. This is great customer service.
I bought the red case because I am tired of carrying a black phone. The case is definitely thin and fits well on the phone. It feels really cheap and the plastic does not have any tactile to it. It is "slicker" than no case at all. So at $25, this case offers nothing than a color back to your phone. The least they could do is provide a better grip on your phone. I would not buy this case.
The only but the biggest problem is that the protector doesn't cover the entire screen. I thought for a second they sent me one for XS or X and I tried to check but there isn't any indication kn the box as for what model it is. It still does the job but I am still disappointed.
Dust magnet. The rubber stand in the back is a dust / lint or anything that would stick to it, it will.
I went through four of these cases in less than 3 full months. The black plastic trim will crack, simply by being removed from your pocket, or handled for daily/regular use. Two of the four cases I received as replacements had button issues, in which the tactile ability to release after the button was pushed was non existent. Blu makes a great budget handset, but needs some serious R&D into their cases. Considering the manufacturer is selling cases for their own products (presumably outsourced to a third party manufacturer), it's really lame how bad these cases are for average and even careful usage.
This product might be great, had it actually stuck to the dash. I followed the instructions and held for three minutes, was at work all day (9.5 hours). Got in the car and the holder was no longer on the dashboard, it came off and rolled under the seat. IMPORTANT NOTE: If you have a soft plastic (rubbery type) dashboard, this WILL NOT stick. Not matter how long you press and hold, it will not stick AND stay stuck. I tried 3M command tape and I even tried Gorilla adhesive tape. Nothing worked on this type of dash. ALSO IMPORTANT, it might be best NOT to stick anything on this type of dash. After Googling trying to figure out what adhesive would stick to this material, I found pictures where people warned against it. Upon removal of any adhesive or suction, it left an unsightly ring on the dash. As this item was only like 12 bucks, I just there it in the trash, it's not worth the hassle of returning. I opted for a anti slip mat instead.
Broke after a month of use.....it was great quality and really pretty but the key ring just broke off one day randomly
It's look. But it connects and disconnect to often& turns it self off.
Had this for 3 months. It will not fully charge. Only about 25% or give me 5-10% on my phone charge. Would not recommend.
Legs break very easily from moving them.
Every other one I have ever bought works great but this does not fit these phones. Bubbles at the edges and doesn't cover so it slides up..definitely disappointed with these this time
Anker (usb c) vs Aukey (usb c) this test was done using a generic usb c charger. and charger testing app the anker is much faster the Aukey is ok for data transfer but don't expect fast charging.
I purchased these in August and they sound horrible now. I don't understand.
It really didn't fit the phone that well. Then in order to listen to music with headphones, you have to take it off because the hole is at the bottom of the phone. My daughter does not like and I will replace.
This case is great as a minimalistic case, but that's about where it ends. The leather does not feel authentic, and scratches very easily. The case itself feels incredibly brittle, and my phone was unable to securely stay in the case. If this was priced at half of what it costs, I would have been less likely to return it.
Battery struggles to hold charge, and the volume buttons are definitely gonna go soon
The first thing I noticed about the case is how cheap it felt. There's no way this thing will protect your phone from a hard hit. It's also super slippery, so if you don't want to drop your phone (even though it's in a case), don't use this.
The screen worked but the ear speaker heats up really hot? Like hot enough to burn your ear when you are talking! I don't know if this one is defective or what? It also glitches a little when scrolling and won't let you hold down the delete key in messages making you have to continually click delete until your message is gone. I don't know if the screen is defective but mine is not good quality.
I bought this specifically for fast charging my Galaxy S7 Edge which it does not do. The Dual Ports will be nice for charging other devices maybe?
Cute but not useful. My iphone lightning plug tip usually ends up totally inside the animal's mouth so I can't plug the tip into my phone. I have to carefully tease it back out to avoid yanking the cord and damaging it. So annoying and more bothersome. Great idea at first glance, but I would not recommend this type of product.
It didn't properly for my phone
I put this on using the process and tools they provided. The glass screen is in the view on the front camera.
I wish these worked better for me so I could order them again, but over half of them did not work meaning the pen would not come out and of the half that did the pen could not withstand the pressure of writing without sinking back into the barrel. Such a disappointment.
If it would be made of better quality would be perfect. Its the only belt side holster for galaxy 10 that fits an Otterbox case so we are stuck. Quality is bad, since I've had to order another one for him is less than 8 weeks. I guess we are stuck. IF we made our own stuff here instead of China maybe it wouldn't make that much difference to me.
This cable keeps disconnecting from my iPhone 8 plus. The sound quality is horrible. I highly advise the next person buying it reads this comment. But cool color!
The glare and smudging is horrendous. The fit is ok if you don't mind lint, dirt, etc. sticking under the edges of this screen protector right away. Touch responsiveness is not good at all. I will be returning this one. I do not recommend this product.
I specifically shopped for a new wrist band that was made for a Garmin. These were advertised as Garmin bands but they are flimsy bands that don't fit my Garmin very well. I had to cut slits in the band to keep my exercise product from falling out.
Phone works well, first one I bought had a broken mic. Second one: if going through straight talk i highly recommend to go to Wal-Mart and buy an actual straight talk phone. Phone works well, but because it's a refurbished unlocked phone it doesn't have the same service as a straight talk phone as advertised. My wife and I have the same phone but hers was from Wal-Mart and mine is from Amazon. She almost always has perfect service, and I almost always have to restart my phone anytime I want to make a call or text because it keeps saying I'm roaming. Hers does not roam and she's only feet away from me.
Battery dies really fast when you are listening to music.
Well worked great for like 3 days but then started falling apart
It works sporadically!! Some mornings my phone is fully charged. Other mornings it as the same percentage it was when I placed it on the charger the night before.
Not really as good as they said it was it doesn't sound any better than a regular boombox
This band is sturdy to a fault — it never gets a soft bend, and the nylon material is so itchy I can't wear it for more than a few days before I give up. The colors are bright at first but get muddy over time. It installs okay, not great — had to do a little extra pushing. All in all, disappointing.
Easy to use, however, quality isn't great. Doesn't focus well and images are usually blurry. This is after about a month of use or so.
It looked good, we recieved it late, and it doesnt stick to my daughter's phone
It broke on day 1 in my pocket. Looked good but didn't hold up whatsoever
No instructions on how to open it. Its been sitting on my table since I purchased it because I cannot figure out how to get into the darn thing. I am taking when I visit my kids at Christmas. I'll bet they can figure it out.
It does charge, but slowly and it runs very hot. It lights up when you place the phone on it, but unlike the real Samsung wireless charger that doesn't necessarily indicate that it is charging. You have to place it precisely in one spot to actually charge. And my phone gets very hot after I leave it on there charging. Often it will stop charging after a while and your battery will start being spent. I don't recommend this product at all. I'm going to buy another Samsung charger instead.
This Solar Power Bank takes 40 hours to charge in the sunlight. It does give several phone charges on one charge.
Unfortunately doesn't really fit on my phone and the buttons are super hard to press. Cute idea and all but the charging port cover doesn't fit in the port to protect it. Sad.
Just as the title says, it doesnt stick that good
I bought these after losing a different pair of wireless earbuds. These were rated much better and I figured made by Anker, they should be good. While the sound quality is good, these have given me trouble since the first week with not turning off when inserted into their case. Because of this, my phone will randomly connect to them while they are stored away in my bag or packet. I end up having to shut off my bluetooth when not using them. Now, they are not charging in the case at all. I have only had them for a few months. I am very disappointed in them, and will go back to the brand I had before.
Doesn't work reliably with my iPhone 7plus
my hair is very wavy and brush didn't work
It works and sounds good but is too loose in pixel and pixel 2. If you jiggle / bump / think about touching the connection it will cut the headphones and will not come back. Should not that I originally had a much harsher review and the seller tried to contact me about the product but I had already tossed the box so I didn't see the point in responding to them.
It will cover the case but that's it. It's not a snug fit and adds a lot of bulk to the case. It needs to be thinner and tighter.
This would be good if I actually receive the iPhone 7 Plus instead of the iPhone X screen protector, when I specifically order an iPhone 7 Plus screen protector. And so far after returning it I haven't receive my refund yet.
Fell apart within a few months
I don't like this screen protector. It's not an exact fit... close, but not close enough for me. Also, it has a squishy, rubbery feel to it. I could have lived with the fit, but I just really don't like the way it feels.
Sensitive with Qi battery case. Updated rating. It starts to charge, than a few seconds later it's stops charging, I haven't moved the phone/case, than a few seconds later it beeps and starts charging again. This happens a few times.
Cannot sync to Bluetooth wireless remote. Turned my Bluetooth on, was able to find device but not able to sync
Ok so bought this as a refurbished unit, the price was good. My understanding of refurbished is you get a unit that was previously owned and returned, said unit is then inspected and certified as usable. My concern with this unit is, it's supposedly a lifetime maps and traffic system, which should come with a traffic receiver. Well this one didn't. Just got a Garmin branded standard power cord. So what's the purpose of buying a lifetime maps and traffic unit if you can't use the traffic aspect of the unit? Very disappointed.
Not as vibrant as it is in the picture. The blue green color is more of a light blue. After the first day the pattern is started to rub off.
Very disappointed in this screen. It's been very well taken care of and never dropped. Today my husband had it in his pocket for a short time-nothing else in the pocket- and it cracked like this. Seems cheap. Invest in something better if you read this!
The screen protector is not as responsive to touch as I hoped. I have to press way too hard, multiple times to get it to respond. I dropped my phone, which fortunately did not break, but the screen protector fell off when it hit the floor.
The protector works as far as offering protection from finger, dust and dirt but that's where it ends. Being glass, it is stronger than the films but does not fit the very slight contours of the Tacoma screen surface. Corners DO NOT FULLY SEAL Screen boarder DOES NOT FULLY SEAL Screen definitely has a hue to it.
Really liked for a few months then fell apart. Tried to contact seller but couldn't on Amazon.
Ok so case is very colorful and great design. I bought the dream catcher one. The only thing was the screen protector is a bit weird. It's backwards. I put the screen protector on the correct way and the sticky part is on the opposite side. Also doesn't cover the whole screen.
The radio output to the speaker start making weird noise when you put the volume max on the phone and 2 percent or whatever on the radio. MY RADIO WAS SMOKING FOR NO REASON WHEN PLAYING MUSIC. The apps on this doesn't work.
Looks great and feels great but It doesn't fit the iphone x, especially on the camera, very unhappy with the mistake,mine tore and I have no idea how it got snagged so easily. Very disappointing because it's so expensive. I'll be careful next time.
The plastic guide it gives you allows it to be put on perfectly and with no bubbles if done right. Personally, I had no issues with the sensitivity on the S9 but the adhesive is weak. Fell out of my pocket and the screen protector popped right off without a scratch. Thankfully my case was on so the phone was fine. This screen is good for protecting against scratches but not falls.
Doesn't stay snug to the phone which constantly pops out of the rubber inner cover. $7 you get what you pay for.
Just as other reviews this case dose not charge without being plugged in I guess the magnets block the signal
Well, I was mostly happy with this mount aside from continually having to adjust it. It lasted from June - November 2018 and just broke apart this evening upon getting back into my car; I'm glad it didn't come down while I was driving. I tried fixing it without any results, so it's now in the trash. I don't recommend this product and have already ordered a different brand to replace it.
It protects good but front color screen too blue. Can't see it well. also it makes playing games difficult because you have to press differently and pressing too hard makes you loose turns.
Protective cover arrived broken!! Had to buy separate protective cover.
The best thing about the Radar Detector is the color. You can not read the instructions because the writing is so small. You can not understand what the voice alert is saying. You do not known when there is a Radar in the area or not. The one that was shown is not the one that I received. I need a better product.
Didn't last long. Stop charging after maybe a month
while I like the idea of a longer cord that won't tangle, the charger itself is marketed as a FAST USB charger. That couldn't be further from the truth. It is no different in speed than any other standard charger. I specifically purchased this as I have a Galaxy S8 Plus and this is highlighted for such. Again, I would not have purchased this particular one, had I known it would not charge my phone any faster than a standard.
Pretty cheaply made, didn't last a month before one broke.
Feels flimsy. Doesn't suction onto any surfaces except the windshield. Awkward to adjust. Don't bother buying.
Easy to install. Serves its purpose but any picture that requires flash gets distorted. As long as you don't use a flash, it is a great product. I took it off because I was tired of pictures coming out orange/foggy/grainy if the flash was used while the protector was on.
Used this for about 4-5 months when the print started to fade. Not very durable at all, the corners broke after taking a dive a few times. Had to get a different case after that. Get a better case if you want durabilty.
Cheap product broken after one week of use...
Broken when it arrived
The band is easy to install, looks good and seems durable. I expected this band to be able to take abuse and use while playing sports and working with my hand doing various things. It held up well for about six months, the face eventually gave out and has not broken. This is not a bad ban, it looks good but will not last especially if you have an active lifestyle.
Very easy to put on. But when dropped a short distance, it popped right off. I was using a otter box defender, which was fine. But the screen protector came off would not not stay on when I tried to reinstall. Happened twice. Just not enough adhesion to the total screen., only on the sides.
The case did keep the phone dry, but some how its misty/foggy by the cameras. N the clip broke on the 3rd day.
Overall I am happy with the cover, but the carbiner is very cheap. The mechanism that keeps the carbiner closed had broken and my airpods fell. Somehow my airpods had gotten a scratch on the open area that the cover exposes.
Battery doesn't last more than a day ....
I disliked that the case isn't even cut out right. It's soo paper thin to. For a case made of rubber could of made thicker
It works well for the first 4 months, until the volume button stops working. $8 for the warrantee, and 4 months later the second one is doing the same thing.
This is not the exact case shown on the photo. It is a soft plastic case and the designs aren't the same either.
I need high-quality headphones with a long-lasting battery. and the only drawback of this product is the battery, sometimes turns off after two hours of use
Purchased in early May of 2019. Now it is mid August 2019 and the port for the charging cable is so worn out the charging cable will not stay in place unless it is braced or wedged somehow. Everything else works fine but this is basically useless now. I did get about 4 phone charges from a fully charged battery,
Did not return it but it is an example of "you get what you pay for". I won't be using it and would not recommend it. First of all I did not realize I had to add another line to use it but that's on me.
Item just barely fits on screen. Once applied, the drop-down menu is difficult to access. The adhesive is only on the top and bottom, leaving a minute space between the cover and the phone screen, severely reducing the screen sensitivity. Tried on husband's phone with equal results. We discarded this product and are purchasing something else.
The product worked great until about the last three weeks and it developed a hum that just started to increase to an annoying level. Unfortunately , it was after the time to be able to return. I have a second one that hasn't been used yet so hopefully it was just a bad one.
I would give it higher marks, if it would have worked longer then a day. Got it on Friday, used it on Saturday, it would not charge on Sunday. Had to have them send me another. Hoping this one will work longer.
I worn this watch for one day the band broke on me I had to buy another watch to replace this one this watch was no long available
Absolutely loved it but I wore it for 2 days and it fell off and I lost it. Need to find a way to make them stay on better!
The chords maybe worked with our IPhone 10 for maybe 3-4 days and now will not charge any of our apple products. Lesson learned.
Poor quality control. Half of the cables won't charge my devices because the USB-C port tip is too short to plug into my device all of the way. I bought this for the two 10 foot long cables and unfortunately they're the ones that don't work.
Received the wrong size--don't know if I ordered the wrong size. Mine is not a plus 7, it's the iPhone 7.
The case is nice and cute but you everyone I talk to on the phone complains that they cannot hear me because the case covers the holes that you speak in to. Also I feel like if you dropped it hard enough the case will fall apart.
It is not very durable piece of equipment 😬 I only had it 5 months and it has stopped working completely. At 1st it was the left ear bud now it is both! No sound whatsoever. I guess it's true you get what you pay for. It was great the 1st 3months
Tis would not stay on my watch for some , I don't know!!
I have put on Supershieldz on my previous phones and all have fit well. This one does (not). Yes, I have a Moto g6 play, no other model. There is close to 1/4" that the glass does not cover.
Love the case!! But the corners chipped off that hold the phone very disappointed at that!!
These fit in my ears decently w/ the given tips, they never fell out during my workouts. But I had to return them because the sound is just really bad. There's almost zero bass which causes my ears to hurt listening to some music. I own TaoTronics wireless headphones now(not true wireless) and they sound much much better, so I ended up going back to them until I can find a better sounding true wireless. Unfortunately it's not from TaoTronics this time around.
The quality of this product is poor and will crack a lot easier than the actual phone screen.
Easy to install. After 1 month of use, stitching is coming undone and the leather binding to the mesh seems to trap moisture and is starting to smell of funk. Cleaned it a few times washing by hand but still smelly. Overall 2 stars...
Broke very fast. Screen underneath is good.
Great concept, but poor execution: the metal inserts are too short and the plastic surrounding too thick to make contact if you use any type of phone case. I had to do some creative trimming of the excess plastic, or be annoyed by having to remove the phone from the case every time I had to charge.
as everyone in the review section wrote, the sides of the glass do not stick properly to the phone. kinda disappointing. won't refund but won't buy again either.
Worked great the first few weeks. The ring part is not holding up when not needed. It continually falls and it's getting in the way when I'm holding the phone.
It fit snugly but then started to stretch out along the sides. Had this since July 2019 and then in October the front cover busted at the corner. You get what you pay for. It was only $6.99 or so. And I am very careful with my phone.
Worked great at first. Sound is very low and will not turn up after about eight weeks of use.
This is made for very small wrist and doe not stay on
2 weeks and it's fraying, bummer, it worked really well..
The phone worked great, if you didn't need it to ring. All of the other features worked as expected, it just wouldn't ring. As an old school Blackberry user, I really hoped this would be a good option for my mother in law that struggles with technology. Also, it came with a micro charger, not a true BlackBerry charger. It doesn't fit quite tight enough to charge consistently. Bummer.
Headphones constantly dropping the Bluetooth connection Does not make sense that it's Bluetooth connect and yet the headphones/ear buds need to be in the earbuds jack on the phone? Even when the earbuds are plugged in to the phone the Bluetooth connection fails on a consistent basis - very disappointed
Not sure none of my plugs work with this I hope it doesn't cost me to buy a bunch of extra cords.
NOPE! much better options out there, this is really cheap and is definitely going to break. many better options out there, sending back
Appears to be made of decent material but every time I take a picture with the flash on it really messes with the quality of the image. I wasn't sure if it was my case (otterbox defender) that was causing the problem or the lense protector so I took my carbide tip razor blade and cut off the section that goes around the flash and the problem went away. I have a lot of experience with tempured glass installation and I assure you I installed it correctly.
Only use it couple times in 2 months. The thing is not working already cheap stuff
Did not properly stick to screen. Constant bubbles top part of phone.
It's pretty good but it keeps disconnecting and reconnecting while charging
I purchased the phone as a gift for a friend , it was in Chinese and it couldn't be reprogrammed! Very unhappy
To be honest I just got this today, I'm going to return it. It looked like just the right thing but when it arrived and I tried it out I was not happy with it. I was not happy, it seems cheap, the legs, I don't think they would last long, though I wouldn't be adjusting them much. The tablets I use have covers, didn't work.
Works okay.. picks up a bit of static at times. Started breaking apart after a few weeks.
Could be a better product, but the hinge snapped by the earphone and no way to see what the warranty was or to contact the seller to inquire about it. :/
I bought this for my husband as a gift. After only a few days, it stopped working properly. I was really disappointed because it's a very nice looking watch. Had to return it for a refund.
I have had better for $25. Poor quality sound wise. You have to sit perfectly still to avoid static. Good feel in your ears but sound quality is too scratchy. Poor battery. Maybe 2 good hours on full charge.
You can only fit about five cards in pocket. Any more then that and flap won't close.
Very Nice Case But Mine Came Dirty and has Lots Of Scratches...
This product did not work on my Pixel 2xl! The edges of the screen would not stick to the phone, which was very irritating! I thought maybe I made a mistake when I was putting the screen on, so I used the second screen that came in the package, and the same problem occurred!
After exactly one year started sliding out of the watch from on side. Will try different brand to see if it lasts any longer
The glass on the screen is very prone to scratches.
1 of 2 protectors does not fit properly, opened the package looks like 1 of 2 screen protectors was already used. Try to install on my S9 and protector wont stick to glass properly, and touching keyboard was of. So i decided to try the 2nd protector, this one fit exactly and touch screen was on point. It looks to me 1of the 2 protectors was used and the sticky part was already worn out. i paid for 2 sets just in case , now i dont have a spare :(
These are fine for the price you pay, but if you're looking for amazing wireless headphones... these just aren't it. Sure they work, and even with my small ear holes I didn't have any trouble with the fit of them. But the life of these headphones after a full charge is less than desirable. I find myself having to plug them in every day, which gets annoying. I tried using them as a hands free calling device, but my mom on the other end said she had a hard time understanding what I was saying. Her voice was clear in my headphones, but mine apparently was not. Next time I'll learn that you get what you pay for!
The space which holding the card is too big.
I guess a lot of the reviews were accurate. Gave to my girlfriend as an Early Christmas gift and for a Charging case the battery life is awful!! She charges it overnight then at work will turn it on and it dies rather quickly. TOO QUICKLY for a case claiming to extend phones battery!! I see no need to buy this case except for the color and protection. But I could have bought a “Non Charging” case for that for cheaper. I DO NOT recommend this case!
I was not expecting to have to jam the power cord behind the trim in my Audi, that ain't going to happen. Let me know when you get one that can just run on it's own.
I got cramping in my hands when using this product and donated it to a charity. The way the case opened and held open during calls had effect on my hands.
It's too thick that my screen won't recognize what I am typing. After putting this screen protector on my phone, swiping and typing on my phone became extremely hard and idk if it's worth buying. I hate this screen protector. It was packaged really nicely and easy to install but after installation is the pain in the butt. just get plastic protectors
the magnetic bit that goes into the phone is poorly designed / manufactured I lost 2 head.
Make no mistake - this is definitely a waterproof pouch as advertised, but iPhone cannot be used through the plastic.
Love Spigen. Have always use their cases for my phones. This case is as amazing as most of their products, but one major con. It is not compatible with glass screen protectors. Leaves bubbles at the corners of the screen due to the way it's designed. In their defense it doesn't say it is compatible with screen protectors, but it doesn't say it isn't either. For that reason I am disappointed. That being said if you do not need a screen protector and just want a solid case this is it.
It worked for what it's for but it allows you to pair to 2 devices. It would pair to my headphones and to my Roomates speakers without me wanting it to. There was no way I could use it without waking up my roommate. Which was the reason I bought it.
After just a month, the part of the case started to peel off to reveal the under part (rubber). Now, after several months the actual case itself is breaking and looks and is cheap.
Would have been great but upon first application one corner and a strip at the top would not adhere to the phone. I was super careful of dust, could not see any underneath so I decided to rip it off and waste the second glass. Once again upon application of the second screen one corner would not adhere to the phone. Used for a total of 1 day.
Please make it come in packs of two
I can hear people great but everyone says i cut in and out and sound very distant
Went through all four of them in about 2 months, they kept breaking. Recommend you spend a little more and get a higher quality cable.
Have had these for a short period of time but 2 of them no longer work. I have been looking for good cords for a long time. Seems charging port plus gets loose.
The alignment is a bit off for the cases I have (2) and I cracked the first unit. The second unit is on, but the edges are blocking the touch capabilities of the screen and the circle for the fingerprint scanner is very noticable on the display. A good price though.
This fit perfectly in my ear, very comfortable. What I could hear was very crisp and clear. Pairing was smooth and easy. Only two stars because there just isn't any noise filtering and any small background noise on my end kept the person I was talking to from understanding what I was saying. Really only useful in a completely quiet environment.
It was uncomfortable to wear during my workout
I like the thing itself, but even with me putting the sunshade and covering it, it falls off almost every time I get in the car- sometimes when driving. The point of this was to make driving safer, so am disappointed. I live in Florida, so I am talking about extreme heat, and I wont put it on the vent because you need all the air you can get here. Wish there was a better way to keep it in place.
The actual case is great, but the belt clip broke within a couple of days. Had to order a replacement clip.
Broke like the second day I put it on. It still has sir bubbles and the day I put it on was on a 7 hrs car ride and messed with them the whole way and still in there. Kinda worthless.
This product was to bulky and hard to hold. I did like the black glitter on the back.
This battery case worked great for about 3 weeks. Then the battery intermittently connected to my phone starting and stopping the charge. I am returning for a new one. Hopefully it works longer
The internal battery would not last long cheers
I like this product but it would be better if you were able to rotate the phone which would allow you to place at different angles.
Pen broke easily. Brought it twice and both pens broke.
they do not last very long, I guess you get what you pay for
Battery life TERRIBLE!! Set up finger print, worked fine for a day, then not. Sound didn't turn up very loud. Lost service a day after I activated it when I went out of town for the weekend... Only 80 mi away.
search better and spend a little more money for a good case
Lost my driver's license and debit card and everything cuz it didn't hold! Hold only maybe 3 to 4 cards so you won't lose everything like I did I had four cards in there and a $5 bill gone
I wasn't expecting the earpiece to be so long. Maybe it was in the description or specs and I missed it. If it were a more expensive item, I would have sent it back. I'll just keep it for a spare. It does seem to work fine as far as I can tell.
Doesn't work! It says unsupported after only a week or so of usage.
Cute idea and nice looking but the magnets make it impossible to charge the Apple Watch.
We purchased these radios to use in our care facility for communication purposes and HIPPA compliance. This is the list of issues that my staff have reported: Lots of static, picking up conversations outside of our facility, very hard to hear, some of the ear pieces do not work (staff cannot hear through them) microphones not working, radio volume not working (can barely hear with some of them). Very hit and miss with these radios. Need something more reliable that works consistently.
Looks and feels great better than other protectors, the problem is that it can be easily popped off. Ordered twice to make sure it wasn't installed improperly the first time.
The stiff kickstand part of it stopped working after a while; it was really convenient up until then.
Basically just scratch protection. At the price point there are better options. I returned it.
Was a gift, recipient didn't like it. Seller refunded $ as soon as product was received by seller.
The case looks very nice and sleek yet it's not very durable. My toddler had my phone and dropped it on the steps. The case cracked immediately on the back.
It's a great product and I loved it, until it stopped working after a week. The 2 socket port is built in a way that probably isn't compatible with my car. It ize to have a good grip but now is loose and I dont know what to do about it.
The buttons are hard to press. The case itself is pretty, but not like its shown in the picture. Didnt even bother putting on the screen protector, so can't say anything about it. Not very satisfied with the picture and the actual case.
This life proof case was great for protection but interfered with my phone when on speaker. The person I was speaking to said it was constantly cutting me off and on. And it was heavy too. I took it off and can use my speaker to talk on just fine.
Hard to get a good connection with my iPhone. Sometimes it charges fine, others it doesn't charge at all. Very frustrating. Not worth it!
Did not hold up at all broke in pocket in first few hours
Over all great product but disappointed with the finger print reader not compatible with the screen protector.
poor construction , after only a few uses the prongs bent, had to return , but overall great return thru amazon as always!
This is a pretty case that fit my Samsung S8+ very well. The case is not well made and fell apart with in 3 months.
The sound quality isn't breath taking but is better than I thought for an earbud of this caliber. It also cancel outside noise pretty well too to my surprise. The biggest issue with these earbuds however, is that the material use to made it is super cheap. Not a week has gone by and I've already have issues with it. Like the other comments say, the gauze that protect the opening of the earbuds rip off very easily. If you ask how easily, I'd say it ripped off the moment I take out the ear rubber and replace it with a smaller one. Not only that, I'm having issue with the earbud where one side will be louder than the other. At first, I thought I was going death on one ear. But after testing it out, I discover that the volume of one earbud will become very low from time to time. The only solution I found to this problem is to bang on the side that went low until it became balance again. Given that I'm hitting one side of the earbud on a hard surface once every other day, I'd say the short life spam of this earbud has become even shorter. I urge those who're looking for a lasting earbuds to not buy this and look for something else.
Initially I really liked these chargers so I purchased a pack. Then I purchased a second pack because everyone in my house wanted to have one. However, in 2 months since purchasing them 2 are already not working. I reported the issue and was offered to receive 2 new ones and send the 2 defective ones back or I could send them back for a refund which was great. However, the inconvenience of having to go out to a UPS store to return the item wasn't even worth dealing with it. The whole purpose of purchasing online is to make shopping more convenient for people with a busy schedule and so they dont have to make time within average business hours to locations that aren't open 24 hrs. Unfortunately, UPS does not fall into that category. Returns with Amazon should be just as convenient to send back items as it is to purchase them. Buyers should be able to return items from home just as they receive them at home. Needless to say the item isnt worth the hassle and inconvenience of returning since there is no guarantee that I wont have to continuously go through this process if more stop working.
Screen protector is weak and not very responsive. Screen protector didnt protect as my screen was damaged by bumping into the corner of a table. I would not buy this case again. I'm having to now replace my phone and have to buy yet another phone case that will hopefully be more durable . I dont recommend this case for a note 9.
The look of the product is nice, and it arrived on time. Unfortunately when I used it for the first time, the audio crackles due to you what I guess is a loose coupling in the wires.
The piece it self is fine and works great. The adhesive doesnt work constantly falls off. Had a pop socket before that lasted years and even took off and switched phones. This comes off constantly
I was so excited about this case. It's super durable and so cute. I've only been using it 9 days and it has an orangish tint to it. Each day the tint gets worse. I'm not sure what would be causing it as I never carry it in my pocket or purse. It's either in my hand, my bedside table, or my desk. I wouldn't recommend it purely based on that factor.
Lightning port doesn't fit very well in IPhone. Always falling out and not charging phone.
Until yesterday it was working as it is supposed to but as of today morning it is stuck at red means it is almost 12 hrs but it's still charging. Plugged in phone shows charging sign but when taken off it goes off and charger it self shows no lights Like dead
the clip that holds the phone is loose. The clip that clips onto the table or any stationary object is good.. Only issue is the part that holds the phone which is the most important part and that is flimsy and loose.
The case didn't fit very tightly. The button holes were all in the right places. It felt a little bit cheap.
My Apple Watch screen looks wet or sweaty
ONLY ONE SIDE WAS WORKING
Not happy with the product. battery is not lasting for more than a day.we have charge every day.
Keeps the watch from getting scratched but it's not clear. It has little pixels all over the plastic so the screen isn't clear
It's a lovely case but the one I got didn't line up properly. I am unable to use my headphones because the port is partially blocked :( I was very disappointed!
Worked great however the material next to the iphone adapter came off after three days of use. This left the wires exposed and risked them getting messed up. Also, depending on the type of charging cord you have the adapter may not sit securely im the port causing it to come out and not charge.
The ring loosened in less than a day and no longer could be used as a stand!
Cables only work if plug into device and then electrical outlet. Appears to be charging and at some point it stops charging.
I purchased 2 of these on December 12, 2018 and as of yesterday (March 4, 2019) the case no longer will accept a charge! The design is ok except the way that you insert the iPhone into the case I new that it would not last long...Too bad!!!
The phone case looked exactly like the picture and fit perfectly. I liked the glitter/gel look, but my problem was with the "diamonds" along the side of the case. They are very rough and hurt my hands when holding my phone. They also started falling out quickly. Because they bothered me when holding it, I ended up taking this case off and going back to my old hard-shell one. It was pretty, but it just wasn't practical for daily use.
I am extremely disappointed with this product. A few days into use it started freezing and behaving in such weird manner. Maybe I should have paid more attention with the many reviews before purchasing.
I am very disappointed in the quality of this product. It doesn't even snap onto the phone properly and leave weird gaps in between. It looks like it cost about 10 cents to make. I've boughten some cheaper cases that we decent quality but this one isn't even decent. The only plus to it was the screen protector which is now bubbled at the edges due to the inaccurate fit...
These screen protectors are a good theory but they do not work well with cases and break easily. I do not believe the are a 9H hardness
The radio is fine, but amazon didn't send me the remote with it?
These worked for a couple wks and then burned out
I really wish it lasted longer! Its popping open! I have to charge it and then it only last a short time 😭 its gonna break apart then it will be no good. 😭
I would not buy this battery. One review was right it came charged about 45 % but after that. They did not hold a charge for more than a day
after spending $22 on a phone case I expected it to be good. However with my phone, s8, I have to practically stab the screen to type, the keys at the end of the keyboard are rendered useless and forget about using the drop down menu. It is sturdy and good looking but that's all it delivers. I could have got better results from a cheaper product. Disappointed
Nice cheap repair kit but the screen display quality is a quarter of Apple's quality. Contrast is very light and the screen tends to produce random white lines.
I always opt for a privacy screen so I believed this to be a great deal. However for me, this screen was too dark and even when I had my phone set to the brightest possible setting, it was still hard to read due to the screen being too dark.
Works on and off. Good design and price but not reliable.
The Case does what it's built for but the lock button has fallen off. I was lucky to find the button piece in my pocket and it will stay in place with a little tape. I had it about 45 days before the piece broke and I was not doing anything with this button that would have been out of tolerance. I have other buttons to push for that. I would recommend buying a different brand like the Trianium S8 Power Pack.
I bought these for my Arlo cameras. The batteries are packaged very nice, but they don't work well with the cameras. They only last about 11 days. The battery usage initially shows 98% but they die with no notice. I don't know if it is because they are outside or what. I won't buy them again.
Got it for Christmas, today the plastic piece that holds the phone broke. Was great up until then
I bought this to store my cords during travel but the case could barely fit the wall plugs for the cords. After two attempts the zipper came apart.
Otter box has gotten worse and worse. They fall apart after 3 months. Buy supcase instead less than half the price and much better quality
Am I doing something wrong? I've followed the instruction to the T and all I get is an excruciating high pitch sound in the right earbud. I will change the review if their customer service gets back to me with a solution.
Doesn't keep a charge.
The band broke after a year, and the product is unusable after that. It performed well when it was usable.
Works, but poor sound
Looks great and strong,, could not get it opened to put on the phone. Read the instructions and fought with it about 2 hours and gave up.
Did not last long!! Bought another one from different seller
The product itself is probably good but I ordered though Amazon and the careless delivery ended in a total loss of any usable product.
Too slippery for a phone case. The design is blurry and I only kept it on for a day. Not worth the purchase.
Had for about a month and it's already not working as it should. Probably will not buy another. Cute print though.
Flimsy. The product provides zero protection to your phone. This product is primarily for cosmetics. I wanted to return, but will be charged a damning 5.99 for a product I paid 13.00 for
I bought this right before I went out of town on a week long trip. I love the privacy the screen protector provided however in the sun I couldn't see my phone to take pictures. I ended up taking the screen protector off because even in the shade the brightness wasn't enough to see my phone. I would not recommend this product.
One of the 10 foot chargers is defective.
It works good but it got a short in the wiring
Dropped one time and it's cracked. Not durable which is unfortunate because it's so cute. Very disappointing.
Not what I'd expected.
When I opened up the fully closed UPS package, the package inside was open and missing 2. There is no way they got out on the way, meaning they were sent opened and half gone.
So far the quality Looks cheap, and also it is came with a different color than shown on the picture, it's suppose to be silver/black and it is only black on black.
Pretty good case as far as protection from drops but the screen protector let's in dirt and dust which made it worthless to me working in a construction job.
Strap locking claps fell off twice / impossible to attached. Ended up throwing it away. Went back to Apple strap.
I received the box in reasonable time. The box came severely damaged. It looked like it was used as a football. I didn't wan to take a chance on receiving a damaged product so I opted to return it in the box it came in. I received the return sticker from ups the next day. The instructions as to what to do from there got sloppy. I had to jump through hoops to get the item back to amazon. Home pick up was supposed to be available but when I logged in it told me to take it to a local ups drop off. Went there only to find when I entered the info it was rejected and they directed me to a manned drop off. Very inconvenient. My last few amazon experiences have really tanked. Either it's a no show or damaged packages....or this jumping through hoops. I hope they get their act together.
The first screen was blurry and would'nt stick completely to the screen and I couldn't swipe my screen without forcing it really hard. I had to take it off in two days. The second screen isn't giving me any problems as of yet. **UPDATE** The second screen has cracked in 2 corners and the middle of it is still not adhesive to the screen. Won't order from them again
I'm super upset with this case. It hasn't held up at all. I usually buy 1 speck case a year for my phones. Most of the time I just want a different look not because the case is along apart. The silicone had turned black and is separating from the hard plastic. Not worth the money at all.
They do not last to long, used one of them on my trip to Italy and is stopped working on day 2 of they vacation.
Phone ring is made well but quickly became loose. It is so loose after a week of use that you cannot even use it as a prop and will swing right open when your carrying the phone and not using the ring. It's made well except for now being loose and floppy.
This headband is way too big for my head. If you are going to market to women you should make the item women sized.
I bought this for my husband for Christmas. He has the previous model and loves it. Unfortunately, this one arrived and would not charge or turn on. When I went to return it, the seller did not provide a pre-paid shipping label. So, I got charged and additional $20 to send back a product that never worked. I am so disappointed and frustrated. Now, I have to find a new Gear Fit 2 -- not on Black Friday Sale to replace this one.
Great for price but did not come with wireless transmitter or receiver
I only gave this 2 stars because it didn't charge my airpods which was the reason I bought it. It charged my Apple Watch just fine. I returned the item.
Doesn't stick well enough to be used as intended
These screen protectors didn't work for my boyfriend's phone if he put a protective case on it. Every case he put on it caused the glass shield to come off. The only way for him to use them is if he uses no phone case at all.
Does not form to screen completely and cracks along side fast and easy since it does not fully seal. Scratches screen where protector cracks
After 3 months of normal using, now it stops working. For $11 a better quality product is expected.
For any reason, it won't turn on. I directly return it and got refund.
Unfortunately, this product didn't work for me. I couldn't get it install correctly, the holder alone was too heavy to stay up. The company owned up, apologized and issued me a full refund. It has worked for other customers as per the reviews I read before purchasing.
Works just ok. Phone battery never fully charges. Disappointing. Wanted to return but couldn't return without having to pay even more than what the product originally cost me! Wouldn't buy again.
Although it had much better range than my old 2.1 Bluetooth unit and also seemed to have a bit better fidelity due to the newer spec, I had to return it because it couldn't seem to "remember" paired devices.
There's a fuzzy sound when I plug in my headphones... Disappointing
It works but not as well as I hoped. Poor quality bass.
Update: They reached out and are sending replacements so ill bump up to two stars for now for the good customer service, will update again when the replacements either out live the old ones or malfunction again which ever comes first. Don't waste your money on this received January 10 it's now January 30 and two out of three wires are t working. I guess you get what you pay for
PLEASE TELL PEOPLE THAT THE SD CARD IS NOT INCLUDED BEFORE THEY GO TO ALL THE TROUBLE OF SETTING THIS UP! I will update this review once I get the sd card!
I really like these headphones. The sound isn't the best I've ever heard, but far better than you'd expect from $30 headphones. The battery life is amazing--I can get through two 8-hour shifts at work before having to recharge. I would happily give 5 stars, except that after about 3 months, the left earbud just stopped working completely. However, I emailed the seller and they just sent a replacement, no questions asked. It took about a week to get the replacement. So you really can't beat that. I'll see how long this second pair lasts. Hopefully I'll have better luck. If they break again, I'll update. Update: My replacement pair lasted 6 weeks until left earbud stopped working. So, im officially calling these trash.
Its supposed to be a fast charger, but it is not. It takes hours to get my phone charger.
This ALMOST got a 5 star review. Fits the screen perfectly and the screen sensitivity is good. Went on easily despite no instructions. But tried to re-scan my fingerprint because it didn't read my original thumbprint after application. The scanner would not register at all. Could not get any sort of reading on my thumbprint. Removed the screen, re-registered fine with no issues. It also has a goofy looking circle where the thumbprint is (see photos). I thought there would be a top sticker and it would be open but its another player of the glass. Regardless, still doesn't read thumb.
Does not quite fit, as it does not cover the screen entirely, so it creates a weird line on both long sides of the screen.
This takes forever to charge my phone. I gave it away.
Easy to install. I ran the phone down to 30% and used this to recharge. Did so in about 4hrs. Ran the phone down again and plugged it in with this battery case installed. Took another 4hrs to charge phone and an additional 4hrs to charge battery case. It would have been faster to remove phone and charge each separately. But, I don't want to do that every night. The side buttons are horrible. Very hard to get them to work. I have tried re-installing several times and manipulating them with it installed. Still do not work well. Especially the power button used to shut screen off. Very hard to make this work. The best feature is the cut out for the rear camera. Very wide and open. Bought another battery case. Added this one to my junk drawer
I like the size and it seems to be very durable but right after I put it on, I notice my touchscreen is having lots of difficulty registering my taps. I would say about 25-50% of my taps fails to register. Also, it is difficult to apply without bubbles.
Only 2 of the 3 cables worked and I barley too the twist tie off
Case lasted all of two days and the rubber stretched out and was junk. Looked cool for a minute
I was excited to get this but when it came in and I tried to install the holder, it wouldn't fit. It was too thick to fit into the CD slot in my car. I was totally bummed and now trying to find someone who could use it.
Ordered blue but it looks more purple than blue.
Loose ac plug, move around to mouth.
I was able to pair this with a Samsung 6 but not with my older Samsung 5. If I had known it would not work with my Samsung 5 I would not have purchased it.
Hated it!!! It looks cheap and cheesy. I would return it but I missed the return window. Oh well!
ha! these things don't go anywhere near the range they claim. you may as well just pay the money and get a REAL walkie talkie
Liked the fact it comes with easy instructions and thr link to the video that shows you a more "easy" way, had trouble lining up the outlines which were off by just a cm or two... it truly is bubble free and sticks early once you got it aligned which is kinda tricky due to the back protector been too slick.
“Looks” like quality... is not. Keeps slipping out or not connecting.
It's all right, but the power connector for the power plug is excessively loose, so you end up trying to placing the phone on the USB cable to hold the connector in. You have to press the button manually every time you want to recharge your phone.
The jury is still out in these, but it's not looking great. So far I have used one cable and it just broke after 31 days of use. I will update my review if another one breaks. Of course it broke after 31 days so I can't return it!
Feels very cheaply made. I feel like the top clip is going to break every time I take it off or put it on.
I have an iPhone SE. This case is not the best fit. Gaps on the sides and doesn't fit over the volume buttons. Almost seems like it's been stretched out or previously used.
I really loved the look of this case and my previous spigen cases have been great, but this one developed a crack from the slit for the credit card to the case within a week of getting it.
I had relatively high expectations based on many positive reviews and was disappointed. I see a fairly cheap attempt to make this headset look like a quality product. The first thing you see is their failed attempt to create an "unpacking experience" invented by Apple and used by many companies these days. The headset comes in a plastic case. Getting this case out of the packaging foam is a challenge. The foam is very dense, like rubber, the case is slippery, and it sits in the foam very tight. I banged on the box, I turned it upside down - to no avail. I ended up prying it out with a screwdriver. The second challenge is to open the plastic box. I almost gave up and was close to returning this headset because I could not figure out how to open the case to get to the headset!!! First, it is not clear from which side it opens. There are no markings. Secondly, it is not clear how to open it. No, it would not open from just a gentle pull. I opened it after a number of failed attempts using a quarter, with the risk of breaking the whole thing. It turned out that one has to squeeze the box really hard to release the plastic latches, and while squeezing, open the box. On top of that, one has to somehow remember on which of the two sides the box opens. Hold on, it gets even worse! The headset comes with a very short micro-USB cable. Absolutely critical accessory to charge the headset. You need to always have it at hand and preferably carry it in the case, as most phone chargers are no longer micro USB. But there is no room for it in the plastic case! With some luck and with some wiggling, you may be able to somehow squeeze it into the case and close the lid - but this comes with a risk of breaking the headset or damaging the case! Once you are past this disappointment, the rest seems to work. The volume of the headset is on the low end. I had to set it to maximum to get a decent level. It sits on the ear fine. Sound quality is fine. Connection to the phone was easy. Cannot comment on long term reliability or battery life yet. The device seems to be fine, but the packaging is a disaster, the case is a disaster, the one who engineered it all should be fired. You feel from the moment you opened it that it is a low end, junky "made in China". I do not know who wrote all those positive reviews and what motivated them to give 5 stars to this product. My recommendation - look elsewhere. It is not a four or five star product by any means.
The patter is really cute but very blurry. You will be the only one who knows what is on it without having to explain. The way the wrap is cut doesn't work very well, the seem meets at the edge which makes it really easy to start peeling. Basically this thing sucks. I bought one and returned it because i thought the thing was defective. It wasn't defective, it's just an $8 crappy vinyl sticker.
Well put this on right when I got it, application was very easy and no bubbles so that's cool. I do have multiple dislikes though, it decreases sensitivity I have to push way harder than I would like which is frustrating especially trying to type something. I was also disappointed in the fact that this wasn't a privacy screen protector all it did was dim my screen, I could still see the contents of my screen at any angle. The size of the protector is my last complaint. It did not fit my screen as snugly as I would like there were gaps around the whole perimeter leaving a decent amount of my screen unprotected. I wouldn't get this one again no matter how easy and bubble-less application was.
Received item in opened manufacturer box. The headphones were dirty and definitely used because they still were called the previous owners name. They do work for now but have someone else's earwax on them.
These cables are very very stiff. they work well but I ended up having to buy another because the stiffness of the cord was not working for me while I tried using my phone.
The belt clip on this holster is really weak and often slips off my belt when bending over. Also, the the opening in the clip to accommodate the belt is too narrow. It hardly clips around a fairly thin belt, let alone a thick one. I was quite disappointed with the clip. The overall build and slimness of the case and holster is fine.
Phone did not fit...does not work for Galaxy S10 as described.
Disappointed in this selfie stick. We took it to Italy for a 2-week vacation, and it broke within the first week. The screw that locks the swiveling phone holder in place fell off and was lost during one of our excursions. I'm hoping to find a wingnut or screw to replace it. Also, I had to keep remembering to remove the clip that holds the plug that goes in to the phone, or move it out of the way, or the phone would sit on it and either be tilted or the phone wouldn't fit. The positives are, I liked how sturdy it was, how it had the tilting ability for all angles and it extended out a very nice distance, and the ease in taking a photo with the thumb button and not having to use bluetooth.
Have to change my review die to having dropped my phone discovered this case doesn't protect the face of the phone at all.
Too small and does not cover my entire watch screen. Obviously not for the new Fossil Gen 5 Julianna smartwatch, and didn't stick on the top right side as you can see in my Pic.
Music playing works OK sometimes says accessory not supported, charging does not work at all whether headphone jack is being used or not.
Screen protectors would not adhere to phone no matter what I did, it was frustrating and I did end up returning them. They were the correct size and were delivered promptly but with only the very edge having the adhesive they simply would not stay on my phone. I would recommend getting a full body case or a fully adhesive screen protector before buying these
The print looks distorted, and it's starting to turn a yellow color on the sides...
It was the wrong product. I returned it
Item was supposed to contain 2 metal plates. I only received one, package was open and I had to search for the loose metal plate hiding amping the other items.
Too complicated to use. Put it on a turtle to track her outside but it fell off....can't find it now!
The holder's pad clips and/or pad rattles when empty and when in use. The holder's bottom support clip does not accommodate my Galaxy S5 OEM cord. Despite these nuisances, I use it often. Would not buy it again.
My cord is shorting out... for this amount of money, I'd expect it to last longer than 5 months!
Band seems strong. Safe for surfing & water sports however the black color on the metal parts began chipping off after just a few weeks of wear and it now looks pretty cheap.
I have used this for about 2 months now and the leather on the sides is already peeling off. I am not sure if this is what I should expect from a quality stand point considering "you get what you pay for". I love the way this looks and the artificial leather does feel good. Although I expected that it will last for a year at the least.
I received This item on Saturday and one of the charges broke all ready very disappointed I spent $16 on this and it broke the quality is is poor and it all do take a while for my phone to charge I would send it back but I need it with that being said I will be looking for a new one
I gave 2 stars because I feel this is a great protector for the screen and the fact that it works with almost any case. However this glass screen protector greatly limited my fingerprint sensor. I followed all the steps, watched all the YouTube videos and STILL, after enabling the sensitivity setting, I would repeatedly get locked out of my own phone for 30 seconds because it repeatedly did not recognize my fingerprint. I am a HUGE Samsung pay fan. TRYING TO USE THIS FEATURE ONLY ESCALATED THE PROBLEM! After 5 days of trying to use this glass screen protector, I removed it, tossed it, returned the second one for a full refund, and went back to the military grade film screen protector I was using before. So disappointing because I heard such great things about this particular glass screen protector. Bottom line: their protection is excellent. However the use of your fingerprint in my experience, 👎👎👎
Good price but unlock
Charger works well but they slip out of the phone/PS controllers all the time. The little connectors that are supposed to hold the charger to the phone broke almost immediately, honestly wouldn't recommend
I prefer the 4 way... this doesn't do much to maintain privacy.. I have had better.
Keeps sending annoying step alarm. Product arrived with a chip on glass. Company agreed to give me $10 credit. When I checked on my statement weeks later, there was none! Had to email back. Has no rest interval time.
The price was awesome but not if none of them work. I have an otterbox and none of them stuck to the case. I have had no problems with other rings so I know it wasnt the case. The adhesion is so weak so yes it was cheap but it was a total waste of money. The ring itself is also very flimsy feeling and the ring was already super loose so it didnt stand very well.
The best thing about these earbuds are the fact that they are magnetic, other than that they are awful. Sound, fit everything.
I loved this case, it was stream lined and the kickstand / card slot kept the profile clean. I dropped the case and the kickstand broke. It would flap around and my cards would fall out but I liked it so much that I bought a second one to replace it. Unfortunately the same thing happened again. Would not recommend this case for those reasons.
This shield doesn't provide good privacy. The previous screen I had (a different brand) was much better. I've very disappointed. I will say it's easy to put on and should offer scratch protection. But it's not a good privacy screen.
Cute and and color, but the straps dont stay in the loops and it cuts my wrist when it moves around. Very irritating
Ordered gray but received red...
Case looks and feels nice, very solid. One very big problem... the back of the case does not adequately protect the camera lenses which protrude out of the phone. The lenses look flush with the case.
The sound quality was good, but only one earbud was connected, and the other didn't work at all, and they would just alternate from earbud not working to the next.
The screen protector became foggy over a short period of time.
I bought this for my LG V40 Thinq. The screen protector has adhesive around the edges that stuck to the phone. This didn't bother me until one day I took it out of my pocket and the screen protector came off and dust was everywhere. It also cracked within a couple days of using.
I'm a real girlie girl so I like everything that sparkles and glitter and this phone case does not look like the picture. It's real dull and basic. It is durable my 1 year old has thrown and dropped my phone several times and not even a scratch on the case.
Product looks good but within a month the strap holder broke off.
Suction fell off car windshield after 2 weeks
It look good like any other scream protectors but as soon as you put it, it loose the touch, meaning you have to touch it several time while you are using the iPad in order to pass the screen to another app
Product is made of cheap material. I had noticed seams/threads were coming apart on two different sections of the outfit right when I took it out of the package. I was so looking forward to wearing this outfit for my birthday because I loved how it looked on others on their reviews. I returned the item the next day!
Glass seems nice but dirt and just easily get behind the screen protector. I've had one on for about a week and it is already packed under the edges of the screen protector
You are better off spending a few more dollars to get the Otter Box. Though the case itself is good the screen cover is not tight enough and does not permit sooth touching and also creates some "bubbles". I tried it on my phone for 2 days and went back to my Otter Box. As my headline says...just a cheaper imitation...you pay less and get less. Lesson learned.
This product fell apart after two months of use. Would not buy again.
Doesn't charge my Iphone X. No case on it, just bare phone and it is not working.
Worked for a day or two but sound never worked with UTube
I bought a magnet phone holder from Walmart. It came with extremely strong magnets that look like these. Phone would not budge until you pried it off. I switched phones and needed a new magnet and decided to try these. I have 2 of the large magnets shown in the picture on my phone and still, the phone is not sturdy. It hasn't fallen yet but it tips to one side or the other. I will probably just purchase a new kit for 20 bucks in the future.
I love the cover but I have brought this item two times the black one because they are easy to fall off so also the four pack I lost the silver one now so I just stop wearing them can you look into it being more tighter I lost it can can't afford to keep replacing them.
Worked good for about 3 weeks, then swivel got real loose, shortly after swivel fell off altogether.
I guess I didn't do enough research on chargers. I just bought these a couple weeks ago and we already have to “put it a certain way” to get them to work. Go for a better brand and don't waiste your money on these crappy chargers
While this screen protector seemed like it was of good quality, I was sadly disappointed in the durability of it. I have had this screen protector for just over two weeks and it has many scratches and cracks along the front of it just from going in and out of my pocket. Normally I love Spigen but this product was disappointing.
Starts to come off when I put in and remove cards. I rubbed my phone back with alcohol and tried to apply the second case after the first proved unable to adhere well. That helped, but it's no where near as stable as my previous phone adhesive wallet, and I'm hesitant to trust it will be there in the morning after a night out. It feels as if continuously inserting my phone into my pocket will eventually pull it off. Not a horrible product, but there's more sticky phone wallets out there.
I received today these headphones and they were disappointed with their very weak sound and sometimes the sound generally disappears either the product is defective or not of very good quality. I'm disappointed. I do not advise buying. And they also have one minus a very thin cord that will quickly break down.I do not understand why such a weak sound I can not enjoy music because it was written that made on new technologies a very powerful sound I'm very sorry for the sound This quiet I sometimes completely disappears when I walk when walking the sound disappears
The picture quality is poor. It leaves a dark circle on the edge of the picture. Would not buy this again.
I wanted to love the case BUT the advertised case shows no branding on the forehead and the one you get HAS branding on the forehead so that ruined it for me .
Dont waste your money ! Upgrade to glass, much smoother and uses way less !
My devices don't really like these.
Product is not a full case as advertised does not say that it does not have the clear case that goes on the front and attached.
Feels like it's always falling out of your ear
I normally don't write bad reviews but as you can see in the pictures mine came with imperfections. Also the one I put on my phone is slightly off where 1 corner is not sticking. I would suggest what other companies are doing and send a plastic guide for perfect alignment. I guess you get what you pay for. Next time I'll pay more.
So glad you've asked me to review your product, I haven't even received it yet, and the tracking number you provided is not a valid number. I bought it before, but right now I'd like better service
I've put on so many glass screens over the past few years. This one has the same problems as all the other One Plus 5t protectors, edges won't stick and it looks like crap, but protects the screen.
I got the “device not compatible” message with my iPhone XR. There is a lot of feedback when using the headphones.
Didn't work well. Was never able to get the view aligned.
I liked that this cable was half the price of an official Apple cable. It DOES work. But it charges the watch much more slowly, never to 100 percent, and the connector and the watch get noticeably warm during use, as if both had been left out in the sun for a while.
I had this watch for 6 months and it worked wonderfully until the button jammed and it keeps powering down on me. :/
Both cases came cracked, though earbuds were intact. Sound is very muffled, not great quality but gets the job done.
Leaked the first time we used it
Two issues with this item. First, it's size. It is just barely large enough to hold an iPhone+ in a life proof case. The material is stretched to nearly the breaking point and it makes me very nervous. Secondly, the pad or foot on the back is not very thick, thrust the back of the phone ends up being nearly flush with the back it is mounted on. Unfortunately, this didn't work well on my bike and resulted in even more stretching for the phone to properly sit how I wanted it. I am going to try a slightly beefier bracket with a clamp and swivel mechanism.
It's alright. It's hot as hades under the light, and although I have a brand new MacBook, it seems to not like it. It seems to draws too much power, so it'll shut off after a few minutes. (It has to be plugged into a computer through a USB which is a pain.) I can turn it back on and it'll run fine the second time. The lighting color is okay, but doesn't look as clear as I'd hoped. And it's pretty big and clunky. I kept it because it's okay, but I just never use it because I just don't love it.
This is the second screen protector I got, after 2 weeks , drop my phone and the protector just cracked everywhere. Not happy with the quality . A screen protector is supposed to protect the phone not break
Very easy to use. Got 2 jump starts out of it in its lifetime. Car battery died one time, grabbed the charger case out of the trunk where I keep it, found that the entire system had exploded in the case. Electrical/battery gunk everywhere. Too bad it did that, because it worked great until that point.
Watch band was pretty, comfortable and nice design. However it discolored in just a couple weeks. Very dissatisfied.
These do save the screen when being dropped but they are very fragile. My husband broke all 3 just from having his phone in his pocket.
I can say this is a nice case and easy to assemble. However the edges around the screen were very rough and scratched finger when swiping on iPhone. After a few days and sore fingers had to remove it. Shame it was a good look
Received this product August 17, 2019. Today, October 7, 2019 one cable no longer works. I am now using the second cable. Hopefully, it will last longer than the fisrt one.
No protective film included, doesn't come with a built in screen protector
Loves the lighting and sound of the speaker, but the sounds of the water jets drowned out a lot of the sound I was trying to listen to.
All the cables went bad within 6 months. One of them was barely used at all. There is supposed to be a 12 month warranty. How do I go about using it?
I bought the otter box after breaking my last year old phone using a thin case. That thin, cheap case withstood several drops over a year. 3 months in, and the otter box is broken as well as my phone. I will probably go with a cheap case again for my next phone
It fell apart in less then a month.
This case creates separation between the phone and screen protector. I used it for a week or two and bought a different one.
Well it's magnetized the phone to the Wallet and it often falls off, so be careful that you don't crack your phone!!
I don't ever leave bad reviews unless I'm truly disappointed with the product. This seemed like a good price , but point blank, it sucks . I'm not sure if I just got a defective one or what but it's super static and cuts in and out constantly. It's currently doing this as I'm writing this. Save yourself the constant frustration and don't buy this. Spend the extra money and get a better one.
Pro: - Comfortable on neck -Good bass -cool case Con: - Very bulky (couldn't hide under my work shirts) -right ear started to not work very well on the literal third day of ownership -people couldn't hear me on the phone when talking I returned them and got a different pair instead.
Worked great until I over tightened it in my cup holder. My cup holder is rather large for it so make sure you have a snug fit before you tighten it.
Very difficult to pry spring-loaded arms apart to get phone in and out. Too time consuming and takes both hands.
Cons: fractures easily, highly prone to fingerprints, water gets under the glass Pro: serves its baseline purpose of being an added layer of protection
I sent the charger back. You need to place the phone exactly a certain way on the charger for it to charge. I used it when I went to bed most of the time. I placed the phone on the charger and it started charging, but when I woke up 8 hours later the phone was only 70% charged at best or not at all in rare cases. I do not recommend this product. FYI it was an iPhone 8.
My first screen guard got broke on just second day of use.
My only complaint about this cable is that the magnet is so weak that it does not stick.
Only had it one day and the chain broke and the clip on it....looks nice and works good for a couple hours
This phone seems to be in pristine condition until you start to use the phone and you realize the battery life doesn't last more than an hour......
Dissatisfied, very poor sound quality. Rather spend money on a better Bluetooth headset than settle for cheap.
They look nice lit up, but the cords do not fully plug in and connect to charge your device.
Worked well while they lasted. Easy setup. Unfortunately, the charging port became loose and fell into the unit itself, rendering it useless. Get what you pay for I guess...
It doesn't charge a Note 8 unless it's sideways against the charger. Slow charging.
with light use, one broke in 2 weeks. Got a replacement and this one last a bit longer but still have one broken just passed the return window. try to avoid.
Not genuine apple product as advertised
Horrible instructions. The Y-screwdriver provided is too big for some of the screws. The instructions included are useless. I however found a good YT video that explains the replacement process well. I am still not successful with the replacement, as I could not remove the broken screen as yet! I would not recommend to anyone. I see that the mobile repair shops will do a replacement for about $ 75 and offer a one year warranty. It is better that struggle with this useless kit. It is possible that some of the other kits are better.
I've had two of the three extenders stop working for me after just two months of usage. I purchased them to use with my Xbox One controllers so I wouldn't wear out the headphone jack over time. Unfortunately these have not lasted as long as I had hoped.
Updating less than a week later! Ugh! Phone will not hold a charge super bummed! Excellent phone! Mint condition, can't tell it's refurbished at all! Looks and works like it's brand new. Simple switch from my previous Verizon phone, just switched SIM and sd card and everything transferred like it should!
Bought twice because I really wanted this to work with tempered glass. I've tried 3 of these on my phone and it is next to impossible to use. Redid the fingerprints as well which was very difficult. Still get press harder, no match. Very frustrating.
This charger is not great, it sides too low. The phone gets very hot on it, lighting showing charging is poor and it does not always charge well.
Case is nice and clear just wish the edges had more protection feel like it wasn't enough for a iphone 11 pro max
It's super cute and I love the feel of the material, but....after two weeks of normal use the gold around the edges is all chipped and scratching off to show the black underneath. I'm very disappointed with that because the rest is so pretty.
This model do not have a GPS connection, also the time on the watch delayed 10 minutes. The menu Is not easy or simple to operate.
The band doesn't fit perfectly into the watch (has a gap and is loose), the magnetic closure sticks to any metal (magnet too strong for its casing, sticks to tables, cars, computers, etc.), latch edge scratches super easily, and the edges of the band itself are rough, causing it to catch on (and tear in some cases) clothing. Very disappointed.... Though, the rose gold may scratch easier than other colors. It does stay on well, but that's about the most positive point I have about this band.
Display is nothing like what is depicted in terms of brightness and sharpness. I was disappointed how the watch pretty much is just utilizing my phone to do what it does. I'd rather us my phone with a larger brighter crisper screen then
You can barely squeeze the cards in here, it is super difficult. Also, the little tab on the back that helps you get the cards out feels terrible when you hold the case. Its edges poke your fingers and make the case very uncomfortable to hold. It fits the phone nicely, but it is not what I would call a comfortable case with easy card access at all.
Have to find a sweet spot to make it work.
This did not fit my 2003 Honda Civic very well, but I managed to make it work. I wish my radio had a tighter fit, but at least it is secure.
Started to peel from the screen within the first week. Returned immediately!
I didn't use this since it was so cheap
Very disappointed in the product. One of the fans don't even work and it's a non refundable item. I was hoping to at least get a replacement for the fan that's not working but I can't get ahold of the seller.
This unit is performing exactly as good as said
I like the look it's super cute but when I went to put it on my phone I noticed the sticky part was just open and nothing protecting it. I originally just thought it would be okay and put it on my phone like normal but now it won't stick and falls off constantly. I paid $14 for a useless pop socket due to poor packaging.
Pros: The alignment tool makes positioning the screen protector almost fool-proof, and I was able to position the protectors perfectly on the first try on both my my wife's phone and mine. Touchscreen sensitivity is not diminished by this screen protector. Cons: The curvature of the glass of this screen protector doesn't match the Galaxy S9. This results in gaps at the left and right sides of the screen, where it would be very easy for some foreign object to slip in an accidentally peel the screen protector off of the phone. This is mitigated by the cases I have installed on the sides and back of the phone, but without this case, I don't think this screen protector would be worth keeping. UPDATE: It's been about a month, and I'm reducing my rating to two stars. Because the protector's curve doesn't match the screen's, dust and dog hair are able to slide under it. Additionally, because the screen protector only adheres on the edges, and the sides don't make contact with the phone, when my wife tried to get the aforementioned dog hair out from between the screen and the protector, it popped off of the phone with almost no applied force. Bottom line: spend more and get a better product.
After just 2 or 3 days the back button on the bottom right of the phone has all but stopped working for me.
Couldn't remove the adhesive assist tabs for bottom screen cover. Top cover is very nice however the bottom cover is useless
The product arrived very quickly, these are so cute. I am disappointed with the ring becoming to loose after two days, to use as a stand. There is no place to attempt to tighten the ring. I could have gotten a faulty batch.
The application was easy, however even during application I could easily leave a mark with my nail. A week after using found a deep dent in my screen protector, possibly from my keys. I wonder if I can get a replacement with a tougher version.
Can't really get an accurate reading.
cheap material. won't use it much
Didn't stick well to my case.
Was a cute case but definitely wouldn't protect your phone from damage or a fall.
One of the charging cords I received is not functional.
I can't get the clicker to sink with my phone and the stick is overall very cheap.
Use it for my work and my personal phone and they seem to fit fine. Only issue is that the snaps don't actually snap and close the case, so if you're holding in your hand or lean over while it's on your belt, everything falls out
I got it and when I found time to install it, the mounting bracket was drilled out and parts were missing, so someone installed it and returned it, and then it was sent out to me SAD
Does not stick onto screen properly and ability to touch areas becomes affected.
The 10ft, which is the reason I bought this and the only one I use, stopped working. Every now and then, I would get lucky and it'll work but most of the time it's not working. I have to just stick with the shorter ones when I charge my phone
I had a Blu some years back and it was a great phone. This one was right for the price but came with some bugs. First phone worked but wouldn't completely charge. Second phone wouldn't allow for calls over VOLTE which with the processor its using should support the feature.
Was easy to put on, fit great, with no bubbles. By the next day, multiple bubbles have appeared. Unable to get them out with squeegee or fingers, as described. Wouldn't buy again.
Still have not used it. Can't figure out how to get my charger in it. Looks like it has to be taken apart to make it work.
Worked good for first couple months, then after sound quality & the battery life started declining
This case has been great till about a month ago. In one corner, the material started to come off. I thought no big deal, I can live but now, it is peeling in multiple places. Really bummed because the color of this case is great but I haven't had it that long for it be falling apart.
This product didn't live up to the hype. It does offer great sound quality, but that is offset by the terribly slow connectivity. My hope was to use one of these in the car as well as for my wired headphones. When used it requires to be turned in by pressing a button, which then takes 30+ sec to connect. So rather than having a seamless experience you need stop what you're doing and to fuss with this little gadget until it connects. I'm going to continue using it for my headphones because it's less of a hassle to force connect at my desk, and I'll be looking for a different option for my car.
It fits my phone, but the camera hole is too high up and it blocks half the camera...
Purchased this, first one I installed had imperfections on the screen protector. Second one had the same marks but less noticeable. This also does not line up with the edge perfectly, won't be buying this style ever again.
I loved them while they lasted. The first 2 broke within a couple weeks by the tip falling off (the piece you plug in the phone). The 3rd lasted a bit longer, maybe a month, almost 2. The wiring died on the 3rd. They were good while they lasted.
I don't like that the case ends up scratching the front screen of my phone. Dust or whatever does get inside
Camera is upside down and very very very poor quality . The phones bluetooth capability is very good . Good smart watch for my 10 year old .
Gets dirty really fast only had it for two days
This screen protector leaves the edges exposed and dust got in all around the phone. There was also an air bubble that would not go away no matter how many times i tried lifting up the screen protector to take it off. I wish i could return it.
not as good as year old samsung
It's a cool idea, but. There's no way to secure the phone in landscape mode. You can semi tilt it to the side, but that's it. Also if you have a case on your phone that has any thickness at all, you're going to have to fiddle with the grip heads to make sure they're snug around the case--if you don't, the phone will pop out when you hit a bump. Lastly, it doesn't work with pop sockets unless you put the socket at the very bottom, or at the very top of tall phones. A iPhone 6 isn't tall enough. So, yeah. Great idea, but ....
We recently bought this SIM for travel in Portugal. The set up did not go exactly as planned. When following the instructions, stated prompts did not actually occur. However, once we finally got it working, it did not come with the promised 10 pounds on it. We had to top up with our own money to begin using the card.
The cutting of the band and placement is very off and very cheap. It makes it look like I've had it for months even though I just got it. Should be replaced or produced at a higher quality.
Nicks popsocket but came light pink and light purple, not gold as I ordered.
This case if REALLY thin and once it was on the volume buttons were nearly impossible to use.
It doesnt cover the whole screen and the edges do not stick to the screen. It's litterally just the middle that sticks to the screen
This item adds little to your photos, and it is not easy to use, especially if you have a case on your phone. It telephoto lens magnifies your image a little, and the wide angle lens is nice for landscape shots and getting a wider view. But the effects are not significant. You'll have to remove your phone case to get any kind of decent picture. And even then, you'll spend 30 seconds on every shot making sure the lease is centered on your phone so that you get a perfect shot. I highly recommend buying a lens set that attaches to your phone case (if they make one for your phone). Or at least be prepared for a bit of effort to get every shot, and not much reward for that effort.
Arrived a day late, garunteed to arrive by Saturday, was delivered 4pm sunday. Ordered set of 2, only one had adhesion film on it, second one is useless
Looked nice but fell off after 2-3 weeks.....
Installs quickly, looks good, but can't get finger print to work. They sent me all the same tools good thing I bought additional tools set
The slide was hard to operate and it broke pretty quickly. Alot of the charger plugs I had wouldn't fit. Had to use thin profile plugs to charge my phone or remove the case everytime
Very heavy, worked for two months only
Its a ok mic but alot of ups and downs like one day its awsome but the next terrible dont spend your money
Case very durable. Is heavier than your average case but for good reason. However... Screws strip pretty easily. Stripped mine first time putting it on trying to close the case completely. There is a gap that suggest the screw in That Area need to be tightened. I'm almost sure I will have to break the case once I'm ready to remove it.
Had two of these. The first one lasted 2 weeks before it broke. Was able to secure a new one at no cost. The second one lasted 2 months. Both times the same part broke. The culprit is the plastic and how it is made. The material has limitations and will not last
The edges do not contour to the screen of the Pixel XL 2 unfortunately.
It's looks super cute and I got a lot of compliments. But it constantly fell off and the bands would slip out of the clip. Not worth it unless you don't mind scratching your Apple Watch
Cute case, doesn't seem like it's going to protect the screen at all though, the sides don't come to the screen at all, the screen is raised more than the sides of the case and the plastic screen protector is a joke, can't get the bubbles out. The back is very thick, nice for protection but the finger print button is hard to get to. You get what you pay for. Also, some bubbles have separated from the glitter after one day of use, so it looks weird.
This is a pet peeve of mine. The case is okay, I guess, but it's useless to me because I dock my phone every night in a Phillips dock on my night table which makes it a clock radio. The tiny space they leave where the Lightning connector goes isn't big enough to have it snap into place to charge or make proper contacts with the dock. So, now, I'll either have to take the damn case off every night or throw it out. So, the Garbage Pail wins!
Rubber case around phone is great, but card holder on back of case is starting to lift off back after using it for 1 day.
I never had a long charger before so I was so excited to receive this. When I got it, it worked perfectly fine, perfect length too. After maybe two weeks, it just stopped charging. No tears or stretches on the cord. Very disappointed.
Tried to charge It and charge my phone at the same time, does not work...
I live in a home with very limited outlets so have to utilize power strips for chargers and the cube takes up more room than an average plug so it is worthless for me.
So, the two stars is not for the actual case. I've had a few of these cases and they are my favorite case overall for phone and radiation protection. Great, right? Wrong. These guys bug the shit out of you day after day after day with emails, all saying the same thing in a different way: leave us feedback, we're a small business, please please please and on and on and on.. Well, news flash guys: your product is good enough to not freak out about feedback. And another thing: most people who buy online leave feedback on eBay, not Amazon- SORRY! If you have a problem with this, then I would suggest that you talk with Amazon about converting their feedback system to a shared feedback process like eBay does. Otherwise, mother fuck- KNOCK IT OFF for christ's sake. Have some fucking confidence in your product- ask the buyer ONCE to leave feedback and be done. MOVE ON. Whomever ge's up in the morning with their coffee and fires away emails to customers who haven't left feedback, well in case you haven't noticed the unemployment rate is really low right now, I'm sure you can find another job that would actually be fulfilling, rather than worrying, becuase that's essentially what you're doing- worrying about feedback. Well now you fucking got my feedback are you happy now?!
Phone fell on its back with the case on from waist height and the back glass cracked
I got it and installed it butthe screen doesn't pick up all the time with this screen projector
Cute design, back does not close.. Had to buy another case cause my cards kept falling out
This cord wrap is awkward, to say the least. It's a little bit too small so the cords start to get crimps in them if you wind them too tightly. I would recommend passing on this product and getting one of the donut shaped cord wraps.
the camera edge came off after 2 weeks
This product kept falling out of my ear while just simply doing everyday chores.
I like the battery life it gives my phone ... but I was more excited it has a stand... but the stand won't even hold the phone up. Very disappointed.
Basic and simple to use. Quality is ok, difficulty finding clear channel in big city. Charged ok but lacks spike protection, burned up my iPhone at start up. Plug in devices after starting automobile or increase risk of sending high voltage spike to device.
Started to come apart after 2 weeks
My case came in a little bent so it doesn't snap together as good as it should but still get the job done. Probably wouldn't buy another one though even though it's a good price.
too small for my kindle fire cost half of what I payed to send back
it does not fit the iPhone 8 Plus. It is just a MM off. such a drag...
It won't fit all over my phone Samsung Galaxy J7. I think that this case is smaller than the phone's size.
For what it is (a screen protector), it does its job. Overall it fits the screen, except that in reality, it doesn't due to the black outline on the edges. This is very frustrating, as parts of the screen are essentially missing. I would look for something else.
For the price they are okay, the first one broke when I was putting it on unfortunately :/ they definitely don't cover or protect the whole screen
A very sturdy case and I feel like it would be very protective. However the fingerprint reader doesnt work and the little stickers are too difficult to install perfectly to theoretically make the fingerprint reader work with the case. I feel like it will be very useful during trips to the beach or pool though because it will provide extra water/sand protection but not an everyday case. At least not for me.
2 of the 4 cables won't stay connected. The USB-C side doesn't fully insert into my phone and will fall out if you bump the phone or look at it strongly. Making these two cables useless to me. I tried it in a few phones and have the same problem.
The waterproof clip for the charging latch broke after 3 months and was no longer able to do what the product was supposed to do
Lacks sensitivity. That's very important to me when typing.
It looks cheep plastic
Magnets were powerful, but it wouldn't stick on my Mini Cooper's dashboard. Tried both stickers, but they're both really weak. Pressed firmly, and left on for 12 hours without using it.
When first bought it worked. Now we have to force it to work. It took a while to even open player. When we finally opened it, (we had to pry it open) it didn't read the disk. We tried again. DO NOT BUY! WASTE OF MONEY!
Cute case, looks exactly as pictured. I was replacing a boring Verizon clear/soft case and this one feels thinner and less protective. There are also a number of unnecessary holes on the sides and bottom for my ThinQ, I guess it can be used with other phones but those extra slots take away from its overall appeal. The design is "painted" on, it's a raised picture that looks good but feels rough if you're concerned about texture. I found it interesting that the box stated it was anti-fingerprint, because I've never encountered that problem before so it made me laugh. 5 minutes after installing it, though, I said "where did all these finger prints come from?!?" It also had a white mark up one side that I was able to scape off, I wonder if the design will come off that easily?
Band was scratched and would not stay in place when attaching to watch.
Case was protective. However, the outer coating melted off while outdoors in the summer.
3 of them have to be wiggled around to charge mine, my daughters and my sons phones. I will not buy them again.
I've had the product for 1.5 months and it just stopped working. I do not move it and leave it plugged in...and nothing has happened to it. All of a sudden it is skipping tracks and it sounds like it's playing every other word of the music in slo-mo. Really disappointing as I had such high hopes for this to be a good long-term item that I could use to play my mantras.
Wouldn't close well with multiple cards in it. Very slick making it hard to hold on to.
Headphones are ok but there is a horrible delay after 2 weeks of having them when you turn it on. Sometimes it takes a few minutes other times hour or so as well as poor battery life.
I disliked that I could hardly hear with the case on. Touch screen/Face ID was difficult to use while it was on. Took it off.
Don't buy this case if you want to use a pop socket. Good case (only had it a week) besides that detail.
It broke four days later
Stores had difficulty inserting SIM card. It keeps shifting, losing connection, after replacement of 2 cards. Does not power up very quickly. Large read numbers are easy to read for elderly.
Had to move both my iPhone and AirPod case around before it would charge. With the AirPod case, it would stop charging soon after finding the sweet spot to charge. There is also and audible clicking sound coming from the pad.
This screen protector is very pretty but it cracked in less than 2 months. I had hoped it would last a little longer.
Falls apart easily. Did not protect my phone from getting screen shattered from a 3 foot fall. Would not buy again.
One of the cords lasted some months but it frayed and bent. The second one didn't last long at all and quickly on to the third one that wouldn't even stay plugged into my iPhone 6S. So we had to use another brand. Which worked so much better. They were apple certified cables covered in a rubber/plastic and are holding up great!
It does protect the screen but seriously hampers your ability to use your finger on the screen, especially with about 1/2 inch of the edges. If you use the pen it works perfectly but otherwise quite frustrating. I am looking for a different solution.
How to i reboot my fitness tracker when it won't connect to the app
Super easy to use. The spring on the clip breaks easily. I have replaced few already.
only 2 stars because color is not rose gold at all. more like pink
One didn't work from the start and one by one they all stopped working.
I am wondering if someone from this company could contact me, as I have only had the case for 3 full days and the case doesn't seem to be holding a charge. I followed the instructions and had the case fully charged. I then completely drained the battery before charging, but now the case only stays charged for a short period of time and then dies. Thank you in advance for your time.
Packaging was fine & case looks good (albeit stiff). But when viewing video, the screen angle is straight up and down instead of slanted which is harder to see & the tab just hangs there in view distracting the eye rather than folding back and being held by a magnet. Also when making calls, the front of the case won't fold all the way back & be held closed by the tab. So the magnetic tab is designed to hold the case closed (when you're not using the phone), but either isn't strong enough or needs an additional magnet to hold the case open, so the front of the case isn't laying against your face while you're making a call (or you're trying to use part of your hand to hold the case open. Just too cumbersome.
they seem like nice quality but i dont care for them
Works ok. A lot of the time it will start charging then stop. I charge my iPhone X when I sleep so waking up to a barely charged phone is not very pleasant. Now after 2 months it takes multiple tries of unplugging it to get it to work. I don't recommend getting this.
I havent used it yet but from my understanding it came with extras and not just mask. I got two boxes of mask and upon reading other review's I opened one box to find only mask in box. I decided to open second box and that too is only mask. So my question is, where is the extra stuff? The steel tools? Other than that products arrived on time.
Disappointed that the case broke after having it on my phone for only a month.
Plastic part come off poor quality product no way to buy next time.
I love the look but it fell apart in the first month. I got it on July 13. It fell apart 2 weeks ago, but we have been busy, so I did not think about sending it back until today, August 21. I just learned that there is only a 30 day window for a return.
Basic crap. Find something better. Stickers came apart when trying to remove. Won't come off. Looks horrible.
It would be a good cover if it fit my iPad perfect, this is a little too big and it fits loose so the iPad has fallen out a few times already.
Doesnt stick to phone comes right off
It slim and nice .The second week it was broke on the bottom of the gold part
This kinda sucks because it fell over 3 different times with my phone on it. I tried to readjust and make sure the weight was evenly distributed but it just feels like poor design. The legs aren't secure enough. If I didn't have a case my phone could have been shattered for how easily it suddenly tips and i'd be SO upset if this lil $15 tripod broke my whole phone. Not worth it.
The clip broke off during the first 2 weeks.
Well, they work. A bit. The problem is that the fitbit doesn't fit well in them, and it pops out. So I guess you get what you paid for, an ill-fitting charger that will do the job in a pinch.
The case quality was ok but the print chipped off pretty quickly which is the one thing I was hoping to avoid.
Tons of static to the sound system when plugged into a power source.... Which completely defeats the point of having it.
It broke very soon. I do not recommend.
Its junk don't waste your money I had mine a week and it stopped working
Cracked the corner of the case within the first week of receiving the phone case. Not very durable for my standards.
Protective screen cracked in my hand after the glue failed and it fell of onto my bed. The case fits so tight that I now cant remove it without fear of breaking my phone.
Unfortunately we were unable to get it to work.
The printing on the cat's face is off kilter and it's eye is cut off by the camera hole. I have this exact same case; I bought this one as a replacement after the old one wore out. My old case lines up nicely, not this one.
Not as sturdy as I was expecting. Update: kickstand doesn't work anymore. The spinning ring is completely loose and won't hold my phone up.
I bought this and both bottles leaked until they were empty. The best part was the individual wipes it came with.
The case is rock solid and has nice features. The screen protector is useless as it pops off the phone.
Feels sturdy and well made but horrible connection. My cord literally has to be propped up, in order to stay connected. I always get slow charging....regardless of how I hold it.
Kind of cheaply made for what I was expecting but the but the phone
I am disappointed in this product. I tried connecting the device to my phone several times. I even followed the instructions. I tried re-starting my phone and the device. Each time there wasn't any connection.
Each cord only lasted a month or two. I only used them at night so they just sat on my nightstand. The part that plugs into the phone broke off in my phone each time. Spend a little more money for something that will last longer.
Like the title says. Broke after about 3 weeks. Left my phone very dusty.
Good case. Feels fine, looks good, for phone. Haven't dropped my phone since getting it (knock on wood) so can't speak to durability. EDIT: Moved down to two stars because the ring already broke. I've had it less than a month and didn't even use the ring very often. Would not recommend.
It didn't work with my galaxy s8+
I have bought 2 of these. Both have cracks in them within the month. It did protect my screen, but this glass is easily chipped and cracked.
I really wanted this item to work. Unfortunately, it didn't always vibrate when is supposed to. Sometimes there is a delay (which means you miss your call), and other times it just doesn't vibrate at all. The vibration isn't very strong either. The last straw was when the battery died after just two weeks even though I don't typically get a lot of calls / messages. Maybe if it cost $10, but at this price it is just not worth the hassle.
This screen protector was very low quality and cracked easily. The first one that came in was shattered when we opened it. We initiated a return which went smoothly and a replacement was sent quickly. Replacement arrived in perfect condition and was installed easily. However, the protector cracked not more than 48 hours later after my significant other bumped his keys against his phone while it was in his pocket. The company was wonderful to work with, but unfortunately the product quality was poor.
The case is way too tight, the Galaxy tab S2 9.7 goes in ok , but the bottom portion does not close properly, very tight does not fit.
Good concept but bad quality - the hinge broke after 4 days of use and now dangles uselessly, getting in the way in general, especially when putting the phone in my pocket. It's a shame because I like the combination finger hook + landscape AND portrait kickstand + magnetic mount for my car. But to break after only 4 days is really horrible durability.
Ring was too big still had to use 2 hands.
Disappointed these weren't glass as i had thought. I still applied them to my phone and they quickly scratched.
Wont charge with a wireless charger
Fingerprint recognition is poor after installing this screen cover. You can see where the adhesive over that area is lifting in spots. Otherwise, it was easy to install, and had a great feel to it. Not flimsy at all.
Very fragile broke on installation. Ended up just using self tapping screws and mounting speakers directly to the door, like someone else had already previously done.
Loved the pattern and ease of my cards inside, however the magnetic piece that keeps the cell phone in place is week.
It is a lot smaller than I thought it would be. Barely fits and restricts blood flow.
Was really interested in this product because it had a magnet that would work with my car phone holder. Sadly, the suction cup is very weak. The longest it has stayed affixed to my phone was 2 hours. It's a good idea, but it doesn't work.
This case looks nice unfortunately it does not hold the phone all that great when you have an accident and drop it. It breaks really easy and after the first drop it becomes trash. It is not worth the money for the quality of the case.
Worked great when I got it. Clip kind of flimsy. Broke after 5 months. Would not recommend this item to anyone.
Stand broke the second week.
A cellphone's screen protector is sticky on the whole back and sticks to the whole screen. this is nothing like that. this product only has adhesion on the edges and does not stick well to the phone. it did not stick on originally and came off within hours.
Seems pretty good.. keep getting a error on my screen that the finger print reader is being touched because the cutout for it isn't precise.
Takes multiply, frustrating tries to get Galaxy s6 to lay just right for a charge...slow. It doesn't even get used anymore.
I have tried 3 different brands for screen protectors. This case didnt work with any of them. Caused the top and bottom corners to peel off.
These cables stopped working after 2-3 weeks. One of them fell apart and the charger piece actually got stuck in my phone.
Bulky and magnet interfered with phone
Several issues with this charger first being iPhone 8 Plus in a case does not fit the cradle as I was told it would before purchasing. 2nd issue is both the suction cup and vent clip won't support the phone for more than a mile or so of driving without losing grip resulting in your phone dropping. I tried my old iPhone 6 with no case and the bracket still falls off dropping the phone.
Good screen protector for about 3 weeks. After that moisture got under the screen protector and I had to remove it.
Great concept, terrible execution. The case doesn't protect your phone at all. After 1 or 2 drops you realize that this case is shit. No Protection for the screen and It fills with dirt and crud and looks horrible on the daily. The case cracked (along with my screen protector) after a two-foot drop onto a wood floor. Spend the money and get a real case.
takes forever to charge the unit and for the unit to charge my iphone. just very disappointed. not sure what to do about iti.
This case turned yellow within a week. No idea why there are all 4 star reviews unless they are fake. Don't buy this case.
This case seemed like good quality and liked the magnetic feature, however the buttons kept falling out and eventually were lost. Had to throw the case away.
The fabric material feels very nice and high quality. However the plastic/silicone used on the sides is very slippery and I simply do not feel safe using this case. It is also much thicker and bulkier than I expected. From the images it seemed relatively slim, but it renders the thinness of the iphone x completely useless. Pretty disappointed and will be going with a different case.
Top mounts fit but bottom mounts are at least an inch off. I just mounted it with the top 2 screws
Cord lengths are right on and the braided look is nice but these are NOT fast charging. As that is what I was looking to buy, I feel ripped off.
Even with brightness all the way up it was way too dark.
Did not cover the entire screen
The part the holds the phone in the case broke after 2 1/2 month I will look for better one don't buy this one
This cover lasted 90 days and started to crack down the middle.
The protector seemed fine. It looks sleek, easy to install, easy to clean. However don't drop the phone. I have a shock absorbent Otterbox case on the phone. I lost the first protector when the phone dropped from my car seat to the rubber mat on the floor of the car. The protector popped right off after about a month. After that it wouldn't stay on. I put the second protector on and after about 2 weeks the phone dropped from the couch cushion to the floor and the new protector popped right off. Both times the drop was about a foot from the floor, give or take a few inches. The protector overall protects the phone screen, it just didn't stay on and despite ordering this two pack I now need to order something else after placing this order 6 weeks ago. Overall would not buy again. Before you question the install, I always read the directions even though I've done it before, and follow them. The screen protectors on my other phone (iPhone) and phones prior to this have all been fine.
I want to really like this case. I prefer the feel of genuine leather, which this case is actually made from. The tablet sits snugly in the case, well protected. The flaw is small, but important. The plastic corner pieces that hold the tablet in the case. These corner pieces are either too thin, or made from the wrong kind of plastic. Two of the four corner pieces have cracked, leaving my tablet only barely contained in the case. What is too bad here is that for another $0.25 of plastic, this would be a fantastic product. Other than this serious flaw, I like this case quite a bit.
Looks cheap. Color yellowed. Replaced.
Bought this so I can protect my iPhone X when my child streams videos at restaurants. Ring on the back is good. The plastic cover over the switch for silent mode already cracked off after less than 2 weeks of use.
Would not buy product again
We ordered this glass screen protector for my son's phone on a Monday, received an email immediately stating that it would be delivered Thursday. On Wednesday I received an email stating that my item had shipped and was on time to arrive Friday. I ordered this item on Prime because it was in stock and I could receive it by Thursday. If it had shipped on Tuesday it could have been here by Thursday. Then, when it arrived, the packaging was damaged. The screen protectors are fine but Prime definitely doesn't mean two day delivery any more.
Was fine at first but stopped working completely in 8 months.
I am petite in size but I was very excited about this but bummed out once I tried. It is too big for small arms and very clumsy for working out with. I may be better off with something around the waist. This shifted a lot and was just too big. My phone is not big, iPhone 6s
The volume buttons work, but it doesn't do volume like regular earphones. It's either too loud, too quiet, or silent. There's no adjusting the volume like regular ear buds. Also, I'll charge it until fully charged and it doesn't hold the charge. Usually, other Bluetooth earphones I've had hold a charge for a few days. I listen at work for almost a full 8 hours straight while working. These, don't even get me through a full work day. I'm disappointed in them and sad I wasted the money. I'll probably go back to using my bulky earphones and saving these for emergencies only. When the voice talks on it, it is deafening and will scare the crap out of you and there is no changing that volume. Don't buy this product. It's not worth the money. This is something I would expect for $10 or less. Definitely not worth the $20.
When first putting this case on my phone, it felt about like any other OtterBox I've ever had. I started to notice little issues like the snaps being extremely tight, to the point where I need a small screwdriver to pry it open if I need to remove my phone for cleaning. Now the rubber exterior is starting to bulge out in one spot and wearing away where it meets my holster. I'm not at all pleased with this and would return it if I could, but the seller only has a 30 day return window. Here's hoping OtterBox is helpful with the situation. Update: one of the snaps broke off the case when removing to clean my phone. This on top of the issues with the rubber outer case wearing down quickly and peeling off randomly prompted me to call Amazon customer service who issued an exception for return. Glad this is going away and will be ordering a new case to protect my phone.
Very basic functions, instructions are useless. Downloaded the app and it paired right up to my Samsung Active but that's about it. I can't find any way to change the clock from the 24hr setting and no way to adjust the notification volumes. It shows a sleep tracker but as far as I can tell it's nothing more than a stopwatch of how long you slept. The pedometer function somewhat works but again, basic, no way I've found to the in to any fitness app. Overall build quality seems ok but I would skip this watch even if it's for a kid.
The adhesive tape that holds the front camera came off. Cheap adhesive did not last more than a couple of months.
One of my rhinestones fell out after two days
Cuts in and out sounds like you are underwater or has an echo. Disappointing.
Picture quality kinda sucks to be honest. Don't expect to capture license plates clearly on this thing
Overall quality seems very good, it does not feel cheap, and I really wanted this to work. However the car stereo system in my 2012 Hyundai did not recognize my iPhone with this cord. It would play audio through the Aux, but the onboard controls in the car did not work. Also, the lightning cable was a bit too fat and did not fit into a LifeProof case.
not as good privacy as other purchased before, have to turn brightness down to get full affect. But does have great full screen coverage. Also keeps screen on when holding phone next to face and keeps muting and ending calls
It's ok. Very annoying that they ship it without the different sized earbuds
Very loose fitting. Not very thick for protection. MP3 falls out with little pressure applied. Case needs to be tighter to hold MP3 player without slipping off.
Spend a little more and avoid these. Terrible fit and feel. I did like the case, but returned due to how terrible the fit was. I would not recommend these.
The sticky stuff on the back doesn't hold up well.
Doesn't stick well - keep coming off
Both the cords dont charge when using at the same time to charge 2 devices.
It was convenient to have my wallet connected to my phone, but there was no protection. My phone is cracked in 3 different places.
The audio ear piece is bad
Seems like a good case however with this case on my phone fell from chair to wooden floor my glass screen protector cracked.
Did not charge quicker than original.
case looks good, but the power button piece broke off two mths after having this
This is easy to install, which turns out to be essential because you can't charge the watch without removing the band. After about 2 weeks the ring holding the end of the band loosened and now I constantly have to put it back on. I have had the watch loosen and fall off several times and one time the watch unit actually popped out of the band. I have had it 6 months and if the runner keeps loosening as it has, it will not last much longer. I do not recommend this product. I really wish Garmin made replacement bands for their own product.
It did not fit my Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime. The edges are still not protected. The quality of the screen is good though and the instructions are easy to follow.
It didn't protect the phone. At ALL.
I have dropped my phone numerous times and it protected the phone. Great! My major issue with this case is you can't screen shot or change the volume with it on. It's something about the placement of the buttons on the left. Extremely frustrating and I'm looking into a new case just for that reason. If you're going to make a case to protect the phone, please make sure everything functions properly before putting it on the market. My case is now off and unprotected because I need to use the screen shot function for business.
I like the design but it's not working properly with my phone. Also when I charge my phone and listen to music with it it makes a hum over then stereo system
Been using it and it keeps on slipping off
When I originally received this phone case I loved how it looked unfortunately now that I've used it for two months the “leather” has changed colors. The “leather” piece that wraps around the bottom to actually hold the cards has also started peeling and wearing off.
The thickness of the case does a great job of protecting the phone, but the thick hard rubber button covers were difficult for me to feel and operate. I like the kick stand back and the way it protects the phone. But if you are a heavy user, I can't recommend it.
Those Earbuds are great, sounds great and are in my opinion perfect for the GYM, but after a week I been having some trouble with them, sometimes one sounds much higher than the other, The micro is not very good, people say that they don't hear me so I have to speak louder.
The product is good but showing bubbles air when put the case on, and dust appears in 2 days using
Product came in a timely manner. Orders Friday and got it Monday afternoon. Mailing package and product package were undamaged. However, this could not be said for the product inside. The hard plastic shell was broke in two. Disappointed
The screen protector is curved and looks nice and durable, however after installing it following the installation instructions the screen protector did not adhere to the screen and can hear the air space between as you press down. I pressed the entire screen but the protector kept popping up. The air space made the screen non-responsive unless you pressed down hard, which makes it useless.
As others have mentioned, this case is incredibly slippery. There are a couple of small exposed areas that are rubbery and can be gripped. But the entire back and most of the sides is useless for gripping. Compounding that, the charging port is covered by a rubber flap that is very difficult to open while also trying to hold the rest of the phone. It's awkwardly placed and not very pliable. So, I invariably end up dropping the phone every time I try to plug the charger in. It's like you need three hands to do it - one to hold the phone, one to hold the charger flap open and a third to plug the charger in.
I bought this for a bed rail. It was not sturdy enough to stay in place. S8 phone weighed it it down. It's sturdy on a desk as shown, just not what I needed it for. I went with something else.
It works that's about it. Probably the slowest charger I've owned and your phone must sit perfectly kn one position. I wouldn't recommend.
Not Waterproof. So a full body case with 5 holes
the matte black paint\coating or whatever is pure garbage. It started to wear off in 2 Days! It touches my keyboard as i help customers and while i type in there info. Also i took out all the links that i could and it is still to big! And im 6' 2" and 170 lbs! I do like how it clasps underneath against the wrist very comfortable. And the extra pin tool and the 2 bonus quick pins. If the finish coating were durable this would be a nice matte band.............But sadly a nice imposter of a nicer quality band.
Got it for my Galaxy S8+ and I thought its unique design would be cool and more durable. However, it is ANNOYING to apply. It's cool that you can spray and perfectly set it in place but the squeegee process after the GLUE wet is not effective. I only did a light mist, got it set, then did the squeegee till it was dry and set firm without moving anymore, only to find my screen looks slightly blurry and kinda pixelated (Like it was applied with water, go figure). It also affects my touch sensitivity. The only positives, the concept is cool the efficiency is not. It also is very durable, I can't scratch or anything this screen...and I tried. But I'm not keeping this. Going to buy a regular one...the blurry screen and touch is not tolerable.
The case itself is good for the money. The rotary clip is trash. Too flimsy to trust clipping on with my expensive iPhone.
At first they charged just fine, but they don't last very long... they just stop charging for no apparent reason. Spend a little more and buy better cords
I went through all three in one day. There were fuzzies on the sticky part of two protectors which caused there to be air bubbles. None of the protectors stuck on one side. I won't be ordering this again.
Photo is VERY deceiving. looks like real marble in the photo and it is just a piece of plastic when you get it not worth the price wish I actually looked like rose gold and marble but it definitely doesn't.
Within a short time of installing this replacement screen, I began to have "ghost touching" problems. Over time it has gotten progressively worse, and now my Ipad is almost totally useless. This was the 3rd screen on my Ipad and it is not cracked or damaged in any way, and I have never had the problem before. Being the best rated digitizer replacement I am disappointed and wondering if there is a better option.
Cute cover but it started falling apart fairly quickly and the phone was dropped (from a very short distance) and broken with in a month :(
Great at first. Then started having connection problems with both cords with my S9+. My brother bought them as well for his S8 active and has exact issue. It's a shame because they look like really durable cords. In the trash they go.
Doesn't stick. I've installed so many screen protectors having five kids so not new to the process and this one was a total waste of money.
Does not charge any faster than others!!
Glass is great however it is too thick to work with my Otterbox Defender. Every time I try to click on the case a large bubble appears under the glass. I'm needing maximum protection for my field of work and thought this would be a great combo....sadly it doesn't work for my needs. If you plan on putting a soft case on your phone I'm sure it will work well. Product looks good and works well otherwise
I love the phone but I'm sad the battery is no good it only last me half a day and sometimes the screen freezes and I have to keep pushing tbe key till it wakes back up. It did show up sooner than expected.
Slides around when turning, falls off when you hit a dip in the road... buy some adhesive if you purchase this product
It is a cheap case. It is not that snug. It does not give much grip. It is loose and cheapo. I certainly would not buy again. The best I can say is that I will not bother to return because it is so inexpensive. I will keep and use until I find a better case. Then, this becomes a CHEAPO backup.
I found this product to be poor quality. The watch arrived with a hunk of plastic missing from the strap. The closure on the band is two pegs that push through two holes rather than a tradional buckle style closure. I found this to be unsturdy and anticipated that over time would wear out. I cannot speak to the function of the screen or program of the watch as I didn't get that far. The seller was compliant with a refund due to my unsatisfactory issue with the design.
Easy to install with the guide. However, I noticed the Top left and top right doesn't stick well and becomes unresponsive. You have to press hard and makes a crackly sticky sound when you press hard. For example, while in camera mode, if you press the flip camera or the camera settings, it's hard to press.
Pretty unsatisfied as it does not work with headphones as it is plugged in to charge. Works with auxiliary cord. I need it for both which is the impression I was getting from the functions described. Now have to buy a new one.
Durability not the best. Easily rips but it did save my screen from being scratched.
Nice design, but adds thickness so that my iphone X no longer fits into its holster. So unable to use it. The workaround is that I"m buying a stick-on kickstand which probably won't add any thickness at all.
Not overly impressed with this replacement battery. After only a few weeks of use, switched back to previous battery as, believe it or not, old battery holds a longer charge.
Bought them for jogging, and if I have my phone on the opposite side of the earphone where the power switch is it will connect and disconnect. Audio quality is ok, not that bad,not great. Overall I would not recommend them, will buy another brand.
It looks cheap and the cut outs are white that's not how it looks in the picture I'm returning it .
Beautiful case. Not durable and the sides of the glass screen are not protected.
I was able to charge but my headphones did not work for my IPHONE 10. Disappointing ---
When i purchased this product it stated it was a fast charger. Not only did it not fast charge it barley charged my galaxy s8 at all. Now to top it off the charger stopped working 4 days after i bought it. Do yourself a favor and spend the extra cash on a better quality item.
Can't get the smaller size so they send you a tool to remove links to make it fit. Too much screwing around.
This fan works but it seems to stop working if your phone is not in use. If your phone goes in to sleep mode the fan shuts off.
After using this wallet for a week or so it's showing a lot of wear and tear, the plastic cover where your ID goes is falling apart from the wallet, I love the colors but honestly the quality is pretty poor. I'll be shopping for another wallet.
Product does not offer interval or pace setting like described. And horrible customer service. I received my watch december 8th and after figuring out that it does not offer the two things i ordered it for, requested a return on december 18th. I did not hear from the seller for several days (thought they may not respond due to being closed on weekends and the holiday) so i once again requested a return on december 26. Was sent an email on december 27th saying return policy was 14 days and i exceeded it.
Stopped working effectively after 30 days.
Low quality, the kick stand was really flimsy,
I'm very disappointed. The product is as advertised, but I paid an extra $3.99 to have a GUARANTEED next day delivery. It was not delivered until two days later. What good is paying for guaranteed delivery when it doesn't get delivered?
Band looks good but every time I clap or hit my arm in anyway, the clasp pops open. This Apple watch 4 is too expensive to trust it to this band. My return window ended April 1. Go figure...
Love the case I tied a knot in the strap to make it so it would hold the case closed. I would give it 5 stars but the plastic that holds the phone in cracked on the corner the first time I took the phone out. 4 months later the phone will not stay in the plastic now. Its useless
Cheap product in price and quality... if you buy it you probably wont use it. Don't recommend even a little bit, especially if you want to have your devices charging while setting on this rinky-dinky stand. It's just not worth it. Better to put your phone or watch right on your nightstand.
Everything is too tight. The slot for your phone is too tight if you have a cover on. The board that goes into the seat is just fit. The cup holder is only for cup and not PET bottles. The cup holder sits just above the seat belt lock if you want to use it on on the right. Everything about it is "just too tight". And the metal bits that says Wireless Charger got very hot after a 30 min drive and burnt my fingers. Not very good.
The stereo works fine but let me tell you... After finding all of the other items I needed to install this stereo for my 2008 wrangler, the dash install kit doesnt fit properly at all. The sides of the install kit go inward in the back because of the bulky interface and where the screws need to be placed are not leveled with the interface. Then when I tried to force the sides of the install kit the dang thing doesnt even fit over or under the dashboard because its to tall. Extremely disappointed because it works perfect but I will not be destroying/modifying my dash to fit this in.
I have a Samsung wireless charger for my iPhone but I bought this one because I now have an apple watch. The phone charging section worked fine but the watch area didn't.
Although the sound quality is great, it does not comfortably fit my ear. It's constantly falling off my ear. The buds of the earpiece could do better.
Some protection. I've had the screen on my phone for 8 days. The first bump it got and it cracked from a 8in fall, from my mattress to the bed frame edge. I have a larger bed frame than my mattress. Other than that everything else works as advertised. No lasting finger prints etc. It does affect sensitivity of the touch screen but that's not a major deterrent.
Product was just delivered to me yesterday, not too upset about the month long wait and I was disappointed in the design. What I received wasn't what I had ordered, however, it functions.
Awful for normal usage. The case covers the phone mic causing your voice to be muffled and the person on the other end will have difficulty hearing/understanding you. However, this would be a great case if you're participating in activities where you could potentially damage your phone with water. The only reason I gave two stars instead of one.
Product worked beautifully for a month until the quick charge port stopped charging consistently. Disappointing.
Doesn't hold charge.
This is a simple case with plastic over silicon. The back that is glittery is a sticker. It wasn't laid down smooth and had a bubble. Will it protect your phone probably. Is it cute and quality. Nah, I'd pay more and get something cuter.
works great .. fragile but the ear pieces on both sides broke off hanging by wires
Terrible. I rated 2 stars so people would reaf it. It acts very erratically with my note 8. Clicking on things not intended, hovering too fadt opens apps or sends unwanted or unfinished texts... I don't care if some is a knockoff as long as it works... This knockoff sucks. Buy at your own risk
The structure is nice and sturdy. The keyboard is decent, but the magnets in the case make it so the pen doesn't work properly. So I used the case for a day then returned it.
The clip broke within one month. And it did not protect the phone screen, it already cracked. I would definitely not order again.
Nice enough but the angle for the cable going to the phone stand keeps breaking the wires and killing my cables. I've been through 3 cables in the last month.
This is the third time, in my pocket and the part near the aux plug snapped and broke. If the hard shell was something stronger than plastic it would last forever. However, it's plastic and if it lasts more than a week your lucky. This is the only case I called find for my Vivo 8, so I am keeping the hard rubber inner she'll as that part does provide excellent protection for the phone. That is the only reason I give two stars.
Product is stretched otherwise ita does the purpose
It's cool to use yes but I need it for a phone stand more than anything and the rubber doesn't hold up my phone. It constantly falls
Bout this in November and it was great until the kick stand broke. The little piece that keeps it in the track broke off after a little under 2 months. Maybe mine was defective. I can't recommend this product, but if you need a kickstand, I guess give this a shot. But probably pass on it. Good protection though.
The pins keep coming out
This did not last long. The brightness was fine but my iPhone was too heavy for this. It kept falling every time I put my phone it. Very disappointed.
Battery barely stayed charged screen cracked less than 24 hrs
It's ok, however the battery dies after about 4 hours of wear. I should have figured that a "refurbished" model would have issues, but next time I'll just buy new.
I've only had it a couple of months and it already needs replaced. The stitching is coming out and the spine is weak.
Very disappointed the screen protector is coming off already. Less than 30 days after purchase
The product metal or aluminum housing is a better product. The plastic housing shattered within two weeks. I brought this watch band because the first model was great. This model is not good to be a rugged and tough watch band. One accident hit this band is done.
Watched the tutorial video and this is way overcomplicated to put on. It has u put water on the screen first. I still cant get all the water out from underneath my screen protector. Also the protector is 2 or 3 mm smaller than the size of the screen, making it difficult to center properly.
Gave such low stars due to the fact that it came with a magnetic case that did not fit an iPhone XS Max like the description. Other than that an amazing case and I'm just gonna have to buy a magnetic phone case to go with it.
Did not work long and it got dead
While the phone case is excellent the screen protector is too thick, especially around the edges. I have to remove it to use it for most functions.
This product is durable but it makes my watch so hot!!! Won't use it anymore. :(
Would have been nice to know that can't use on Verizon that require at least A 6, but that's on me for not researching.
This screen does not effectively prevent viewing from the side.
The case itself is nice but the plastic screen protector is so cheap. I got it yesterday and today the screen protector already has a bad scratch on it just from me putting it down on a table and picking it up. Like crumbles of toast bread that was left on the table scratch the screen protector right in the middle. Really disappointed. I'm going to cut out the cheap screen protector from the frame and place a tempered glass screen protector on top of the phone screen instead.
It is very pretty, but the charger slot would not allow my charger to connect to my phone completely.
Cords seems well made and durable, but after having these for only 3 months, ALL of them have gone bad within the last 2 weeks! Worked perfectly fine up until suddenly they don't charge or are unrecognizable by the devise and /or unsupported. Like they're on a timer or something. I have a couple in the car and a few in the house being used by different phones/people and they have ALL now gone bad! Cords show no sign of wear. Ridiculous.
Everybody don't have the same size 👂 ears. put something on it to adjust the ear size
I have used this charger for around 4 months and it already stopped working. When I first used it the charger sometimes stopped charging but I did not think much of it, however soo it suddenly won't even recognize that a charger is plugged in. It seems this charger is not as long lasting as they claim to say.
Screen protector doesn't make contact on the sides of the screen and it makes it very hard to type.
My boyfriend is still trying to figure out how to charge the watch because its just a hole in the stand where its supposed to be and where are the instructions ?????
I have been using the case for a couple weeks now. It does well to protect my watch. There is one problem, water. Every time I wash my hands water gets under the case and make the touch screen not work well. It still work but sluggish or it is selects the wrong thing. Most people I don't think this would be a problem. I work in the medical field and wash my hands often. I had to take it off.
Could use some type of instruction.
No matter what I do I cannot get these to stay in my ears. I've almost run the lawn mower over them coz they keep falling out. So now they just sit in a drawer. Big waste of money.
It worked really well for a few months, then last month it started vibrating continually on the left side (where the controls are) while still playing. It didn't stop until the battery ran out. I recharged it and it worked for about an hour before it started vibrating again.
This chager is not a fast chager and the magnetic link is very week.
I use this mostly at night to fall asleep. The phone sits on my nightstand as I listen to music. Sounds quality was fine for me, I don't think I'm picky with that but I wouldn't call it excellent. After about six weeks, I went to pull the charger out and the the metal cover slipped right off. Ok, no worries, I can still use it. Well last night it completely stopped working to send sound through my headphones, it was flickering a little earlier that day. Never been wet, maybe dropped my phone once awhile back while it was attached. I've only had it five months. For how expensive these silly plugs are, they should last longer than that.
Screen started glitching once phone felt little hot./at charging. Having to turn phone off and no adhesion you get what you pay for. Take to apple next time.
The protective case is excellent and has protected the phone well from hard drops. However, after 8 months the clip that holds the phone in the belt holder failed from repeated use and just snapped off. I liked the protective features enough to repurchase another one. Exactly 8 months later, the second clip also snapped off again in routine use. I will be searching for a different case.
Thought I was going to like it. Looks good but was disappointed when the soft plastic shell begin to slide and had trouble with the volume button. Never again.
There's no grip to this phone case, it will easily fall out of your hand.
It's to heavy, definitely it's not waterproof and after a few weeks the camo paint peeled off
it wasn't good enough cable... when ever i use my own original cable and play video games the phone is charging ok but whenever I use this cable the phone charge percentage goes down
Cut out is no precise to screen and is millimeters too small for the iPhone X causing part of the screen to be exposed. Disappointing purchase. Other than that the quality of it is not so bad. Will definitely be purchasing a different product.
290 people gave 5 stars ?! The sound is awful, very foggy like listening from 1980's speakers not mentioning the volume is pretty low. The power/next/back buttons placed on the right side of "the cord" keep pulling the whole damn thing to do side only while walking, forget about exercising. Left earbud is louder than the right one. It connected with my iphone X and worked excellent but when connected with my nano ipod it doesn't transfer the sound/music which was the whole purpose I bought it in the first place. The automatic bluetooth connection seems very smooth with iphone so I decided to give a second star...
I don't like that these are my second pair of Bluetooth headphones, same brand, and both of them has been defective. They quit working after a month of usage and the company won't respond, nor refund or exchange the product. They are expensive to use it just for one month.
Same Chinese low quality stuff as I keep finding. This is my 5th or 6th try at finding a suitable case for my S9+. I started with Otterbox, but their case is useless for protecting my screen. This case is OK, but I do not feel that it has enough rubber around it to protect it from a drop. It looks like the finger print sensor has a piece of wrinkled Saran Wrap over it. Not good.... Just like the other cheap cases. I do not trust this case either. My solution is to NEVER buy a Samsung phone with a curved screen again!
Simply put, you have to really mash the power button to get it to work.
I took a chance on these earbuds, thinking the reviews were OK and maybe they would be adequate for my workouts. I have another pair of Bluetooth headphones (they are still connected to each other with a cable) and I liked the idea of going completely wireless. The packaging was nice, instructions a bit vague, but if you understand the Bluetooth concepts, not very difficult to figure out. They fit nicely and felt secure, connected to my iphone and Apple watch OK. So why 2 stars? Sound quality, sound quality, sound quality...There isn't any. Very, very tinny, no bass at all. The only way they are listenable, is to turn the volume way down (where's the fun in that!) So, no complaints with the build quality, but the lack of sound quality was not for me. Returned promptly.
Buttons quit working to activate volume controls which also keeps you from being able to screenshot things. Too bad. Love this thin case design and colors a lot.
The popsocket did not stick at all. It barely had any stickiness and when it fell off all of the stickiness disappeared. The design is super cute but it's useless. I had to use someone else's popsocket and just change out the design.
Very poor quality leather. Quite hard. And the back of the watch does not fit in the cutout segment
I like the design of it but I gave it a 2 star because if I wanna charge my phone I have to take my phone out of case
I've bought screen protectors from Mr. Shield in the past and had no issue. I recently got a new phone, and wanted to once again repurchase. Long story short, it DOES NOT FIT. The screen protector is too small and doesn't even have the curve for the top of the screen. Maybe I got a bad one or something? They were quick to refund me, though, which is why this gets 2 stars.
this was a kick in the heart
We initially were very happy with this band for my 9 y/o son's Verizon Gizmo Watch. After wearing for only 2 weeks the band broke. We got lucky that he didn't loose his watch when it did, someone found it and returned it. Initially very comfortable, but durability was poor.
Disappointed with this purchase. It cracked after one day for no reason, the phone was not even dropped. It also show fingerprints a lot and streaks are left on it so I have to constantly wipe it off.
I think it works good for a screen protector thats it. You have to press really hard for the fingerprint to read. Then certain spots on my phone you have to press really hard to get it to touch
Nothing like I was expecting. Wouldn't recommend
I will most likely be returning this. I bought it for my iPhone 8+. I only wanted it for the wide angle lens and it doesn't even work. I put it on the rear camera and there's this annoying blur and blackness around the corners. If you zoom in it goes away but I really don't want to have to do that. It works well on the front camera but I want to be able to use it on the rear one since it's better quality. Definitely not worth the money I spent even though it feels really good quality it just doesn't work on my phone.
Thought they were great, I drive for uber and lyft and my customers loved these. However, they stopped working after about a month of usage.
I bought this case to replace the one I originally bought when I purchased my phone. This is supposedly the same model case. I am not so sure. The case did not fit my phone, although it claimed to be for my model. It also would not close tightly around my phone. The cover appeared to be made of a cheaper, more brittle plastic than my original case.
It broke shortly after using it. It didn't last
The right trigger is a little loose, but not helpful with pubg, do too aiming down the sights, swiping to look to follow target, and firing at the same time. Not sure if it is an issue with the quality of product or with game programming or phone itself. But as advertised for pubg was not helpful on my galaxy s9 for pubg. Actually made a hindrance to game performance. Was hoping to get a product with triggers that would allow me to aim down sights, track a target and fire all at 1 time. But was cheap so cant really complain, may be helpful on other games though
It's metal so if you want to put it in your bag it could scratch your phone. There's no grip to it so the stand is loose. Can only be used in a low propped angle.
Haven't cracked an iPhone in 6 years. Cracked my 10xs Max the second day with this case. Dropped from a little over 3 feet. With that being said is very slim case and fits phone nice. (But doesn't protect it)
The case seems very durable but the battery part of it just didnt work, i kept getting a accessory not supported message.
Work well for a few days, but dropped my phone and the projector fell off! It literally slide off my phone. They are also not curved. Very unhappy with this waste of money.
One of the cables doesn't work.
Well, I cant turn my volume up...it only goes down. The case is a hair too tight on my phone and the kick stand is a pain in the arse to put out.
Case is great, other than the fact that you can't get the charger in while it's on. good price and quality, just that minor design flaw.
The 10ft cord doesn't work. That was the most important one.
It covers the fingerprint scanner..
These will protect your screen just fine but the adhesive at the top and the bottom isn't very good and it will allow lint and dust to seep into the top left corner and the bottom right corner. I only got about 2-3 months out of them before I needed to replace them.
This cover only protects the back and, to some degree, the sides. It doesn't protect the screen in any way so don't drop your phone.. which kind of defeats the purpose of a protective cover. It is really thin and since I dislike bulky cases I ordered it. The corner is already cracked after 2 months without being dropped. I took it off several times. I think it cracked about the 4th time do that seems a bit fragile to be considered a "protection". There are other thin cases that protect the screen and don't crack this easily.
Easy to install but after awhile the sides come up to where to have to keep pushing it back into place. Was okay while it lasted. About to buy a different brand.
This product is really nice but with one exception. Small devices such as blue tooth headsets won't charge. I believe the current draw is so small the charger ignores them and shuts off. It charges my phone and cameras really well but I can't travel with this item because I'd have to take to two one for small devices as well. UPDATE.....I'm returning this item due to it won't charge one of my cameras as well. Apparently the current draw has to be reasonable high for this unit not to turn off.
Size is good but is hard to press the power on your phone button when when the case is on.
The case isn't nearly as cute as I thought it would be. There really is no sparkle to it. More importantly, I just got my 8+, and want it to be at least somewhat protected. This case will NOT protect your phone! If it falls on the corner or the face, the screen will crack, period. The case does not raise above the glass on the face, not even a little. It is also very flimsy, not rigid at all. I wouldn't put this in a $50 phone, let alone a $900 phone!! Save your money and buy something better.
This is very bulky. It seems sturdy and is pretty. But the edges are sharp like they were not properly molded.. I'm trying to figure out to correct this as it makes it uncomfortable to hold.
This is a pretty case but the ring doesn't hold the phone up well
I keep purchasing these for our tv in our vehicle. They are literally working for maybe 2 weeks and then stop. I've purchased way too much to suffice this anymore, I will be trying to find a different brand because this is getting out of hand them just randomly stop functioning after a few weeks. Surely upsets some kiddos having this issue and a mad mama. My oldest is special needs and the tv is the only thing and her headphones that keep her relaxed in the car.
did not fit my phone and have set to return
Different packaging. Product leaves halo on both sides of screen which ruins the appearance.
These things are too bulky and pretty much archaic... It just takes up too much room and doesn't completely stay in place.
died after 2 months.
Was a great battery until about 2 months after I bought it, when the wireless charging stopped working. Still works as a regular battery with a charging cable, but that's not what I bought it for : (
This product has helped remind me to sit up straight, but overall I'm dissapointed. Bending over (even with spine relatively straight) counts as "slouching" so if you are doing anything other than sitting at a desk you can't do much until the "training" session was over. The device regularly disconnects from my phone without notifying me, so it's not recording my posture and I have no idea that it's off. You have to charge the device between each use, and my device takes about 3 hours.
Strap completely broke after 3 months of use. And I cannot take it out now
These crack very easily. You will blow through the first one and put on the second one before you know it. Not sure quality is there
Not a horrible product for the price, just didn't stay stuck on..... kept coming off if it was in my hand longer than a couple mins
The sticky back barely holds onto my phone. It also doesn't stick to my phone case at all. Really fast shipping but sad it's kinda useless
This was good while it lasted Lasted me 3 months and the tiny little window patch peeled off I'm glad it happened outside the water instead of underwater I would not buy again or recommend
This is so thin and flimsy its almost like 2 plastics creen covers put together. Not thick enough to protect the screen at all. Very disappointed.
Its alright for the price. Although I have bought better phone cases for less. The problem I have is the volume buttons. I'm constantly putting my phone on "DO NOT DISTURB" without knowing. Causing me to miss calls. Also the black rubber part is very stiff. Almost making it hard to put around my phone. I almost dropped my phone trying to put it on. Which would've sucked dying that I was putting the car on for that reason. Oh and the cover for the charger. You can't put the charger in one handed, even after opening the cover.
Quit working within 3 months. Cables pull from housing and fail to be recognized or power after a month, some not at all.
Easy to use and operate. Linked very easily to my new iPhone XR, but sound is very disappointing.
After just a month the ring came off.
Distorted audio, the caller on the other end of the line cannot hear me, or it sounds like i am in a tunnel, it's also super hard to hear the caller with the volume all the way up. I spent the first month using my speaker phone only. It sucks and I can't afford to purchase a different case for a few months.
False advertising. The battery claims 3300 mah. However according to accubattery (battery app), the new battery only charges 2450 mah, even after the suggested five cycles full drain to zero percent. This is far below the claimed 3300 mah. Find another brand, would not recommend.
I liked the color and wallet design. I did not like the hard plastic where the iPhone is inserted. When the credit cards were the case did not close properly.
Out of all three of these cords the first one was bad within a couple of days. Second one lasted about 6 weeks and now the third one's already having issues.
Application was good but top fell off and lost within a couple weeks. I guess you can't keep your phone in your back pocket with these on.
I wish I would have read the reviews before purchasing this. I have the same problem as everyone else about 1/8th in on both edges does not adhere to phone. So it does not show a clear picture. I even tried the 2nd one that came in package thinking I did something wrong after doing this on every phone I have owned. Same problem!
This product came with everything you need to install and clean your screen. I was able to install with no bubbles or dirt by following the directions. It's almost a good product. The bad is terrible though. While the outline shape is perfect the protector edges are not rounded like the screen on the phone. This makes me question greatly the 5 Star reviews this has. I would not buy this product again or recommend it to anyone for this phone. The edges are suspended over the edge of the phone screen and are just waiting to be cracked very easily. I didn't drop my phone and I ended up with a crack in the screen protector anyway. Don't buy this for the Pixel 2xl. See pic for example.
I liked this product initially as the pens served a duel purpose and were convenient however after about 3 weeks of use 3 out of (2 unused) 5 have fallen apart. The pen section has flown out and the one is useless.
I've had this for about 8 months. At first I loved it. Great extended battery life, wireless charging and you can still hook it up to a computer and synch data. Recently my job has placed me on the road more and was wanting to put a wireless charging dock in the car. The problem is I can't find a wireless charging dock that can hold the case properly. That extra chin that allows it to plug into the lightning port and still have a port to plug into make to phone sit to high on the charger to actually charge the phone. The only thing Mophie has for a car charger is an air vent mount. I don't trust the thin plastic strip of the vent to not snap sooner or later
What I dislike about these walkie-talkies is the fact that the battery runs down quickly. I was using it in the house. Put three new Duracel batteries (AAA) in the morning, barely used the walkie-talkies and within a 24-hour period the batteries no longer had power. I don't think this was a very good buy. Sorry I made this purchase.
Bought product for my wife for xmas and tried to use the same day, but the ear piece never worked
The person can't hear me on the other end.
Background: Waited before doing a review, I ordered it June 26, 2018. Hardwired it to the fuse with my daytime running lights. I had trouble within the first 3 months, but wanted to give it a chance. Just recently, I had a pedestrian accident wherein i drove past the scene before walking on the area. It would have been nice to have recorded the scene before the accident. When I reviewed the recordings, it was not recorded. That meant the camera was not on. It was just a common event that the camera will not turn on that I got tired troubleshooting it and just let it go. PROS 1. Good picture, video and audio quality 2. Good suction mount. Only lost suction about 4x in the past year. 3. Able to record video of the rear view as well 3. Good customer service Cons 1. Date/time stamp error. Even if I set the correct date/time, not long after (maybe within a week), it will reset to either 2000 or 2012. I thought as long as I am able to record the video, it should be ok. Until the next time it does another reset, then you lose the old video. In the screenshot I uploaded, the file name (which follows the date and time format) does not even closely correspond to the date/time detail of the file on the right column. 2. For the first 3 months, the camera did not automatically turn on 30% of the time even though it was hardwired. For the past year, I would say that it WORKED only roughly 30% of the time (factoring in the date/time stamp error). It turned on more times but with date/time stamp error. I contacted customer service and they gave instructions on how to make it work. My impression of the instructions, if the troubleshooting does not work, SD card is to blame.
Came with a bad battery. Not covered under warranty as Apple said phone was purchased 5 years ago so its not new like they state. Had to pay to have the battery replaced.
This works well most of the time, but occasionally causes a “this device is not supported” message on my iPhone even with an apple cord. When this message appears, it won't charge and I have to switch ports and turn it off for awhile. There seems to be no rhyme or reason to this happening, and it comes and goes. Very annoying!
2 out of 3 adapters do not work
I liked these cables initially - seemed to be good quality. I liked having a really long one for work. And a good price... But before 3 months of use, two stopped working and now 3 of the 4 have stopped charging my iPhone 8. When you plug it in to the iPhone, it makes it look like it will charge, but then comes a message that "this device may not be supported" and no charging follows. I would not recommend this product.
it looks so cheap 👎🏼
In my opinion it's definitely a privacy screen. But it doesn't cover the entire screen on the sides which I assume is to keep it from popping off when you put a case on. That being said only cases that cover the side will hide the exposed screen. I'm sure within a couple days I'll end up just throwing it away.
These started as great headphones, but the sound quality was just acceptable. However within a month, the sound started deteriorating, when used as a phone, calls started getting dropped or sound started becoming intermittent. Now it's 3 months later and we're looking for a new set of headphones. Definitely not buying this one again. Maybe it was a chance defective item, but I'm definitely not satisfied with them.
I loved it until the first time I took it on a rough trail.... it just broke off due to vibration. Something you would think it could handle, nothing crazy.
Case doesn't charge- very disappointed!
They are convex where you will put the suction cup. They will hold light stuff. I had my cell phone holder on it and every time I went not take my cell out of the holder I had to remount the suction-cup holder. Just a little bump and whatever you have attached to it will come undone. Will not recommend.
It's very grainy in the appearance on the screen. I don't like losing the clarity I had for this.
Initially I loved this product however, after using it for a month it will not charge at all. I am so sad about it because I really did enjoy it until that. I've tried different blocks and different outlets to plug it in and it still will not charge.
returned because while the case is slim and well-fitting, it has a slight raised lip around the edge which feels 'sharp' in the hand and is not comfortable to hold.
This case is not great. It's inexpensive and minimal and offers simple scratch protection, but it does not hold up for long. The case cracked the same day the return period ran out, and by the design of the case, the plastic is flexible and refuses to stay flat against the case. The case stayed on the phone most of the time and was removed infrequently. On the plus side, the fingerprint reader is easily accessible, the volume rocker and Bixby button move well, and the case fits well.
They're ok I mean I thought it was more of a silicone feel but they feel more plastic to me. But you get what you paid for.
The microphone creates static. Was not able to use the product on Google Hangouts. Headphones worked great.
I found their installation process works just fine. To get the very edge of the screen protector to lay down flat, I had to wait for it to dry (30 minutes?), and then smoothed it down with the microfiber cloth. I gave the product 2 stars because I believe this product will only protect the fitbit from minor scuffs. You can scratch this protector with your finger nail! This is not a stiff protector, like the tempered glass screen protector I have on my iPhone. The material is very soft, much like warm vinyl. When properly installed (edges are smoothed down), you will notice the 4 outer edges of the versa (which you have to swipe across for certain functions) now has an abrasive, scratchy feel, instead of the smooth feel you had when there was not a protector. I removed this screen protector after about 2 days when it began to develop air bubbles and several small cuts and smudges. Not sure if I will look for another brand...
This is a fairly low end unit and overall it seems to perform ok, however, I guess I wasn't ready for one of these flip up units to require the user to manually pull out and flip up the screen. The documentation is poor, at best, but I could not find anything that said that you had to manually pull the screen out. Every one of these I have ever had or seen has a motor that opens the screen and closes it. I thought it was broken but in pulling to see I could not feel any kind og resistance as if there was an inactive motor there. The second issue I'm having is that it does not want to remember the correct time. I keep setting it but it keeps going back to a day later (as if the setting for the time zone was wrong but it only lets you set that once during the initial setup since I can't find it anywhere else in the settings mode) The other issue I had was that the power wire to the camera within the cable somehow broke while feeding the cable towards the front of the vehicle. I had tested it and everything worked until it didn't. I had to run a separate wire for the backup signal in order for the camera to work. I won't buy any more stuff that doesn't have some reviews already. I guess I was the guinea pig on this one ;-)
Works good on small items like cheese. Not very good on sealing steaks. Needs a button to keep the vacuum going
I put this cover on my phone while on vacation near a lake and was very disappointed that I could not still use the phone. I wanted to take pictures and it was very difficult to use. I am returning the cover.
Loved ghostek with the metal frames from previous models... disappointed with the new plastic. Maybe I missed that part in the description but still, step down in quality with the new ones.
Pros - Solid case! Like the fit and style along with the protruding front bumpers to help better protect the screen from a fall. Cons - Doesn't fully charge the S9. What's the point of having a battery case if the battery doesn't work well? I tried using it on 2 separate occasions with my battery on the phone less than 5% and both times the Mophie would charge it up to around 50%. It was done after that. I've used Mophie for my S6 in the past and loved them. Really disappointed they didn't make this up to par to what the new phones need for battery life.
This screen works well and looks good, but unfortunately the front camera that comes with the screen didn't work. If the camera worked this product would have been a 5 star product
Doesnt last at all. Durability on this is not good at all. One drop it cracked an it starts to crumble around the corners. My second one.
As soon as I open the amazon box, I see the box was already torn open by someone else. I'm assuming it was a return and they decided to send out again. It's not a fast charger, unlike my cable, since your battery will still slowly die if you have google maps and YouTube running like I did for my travel. I would return it but I believe one of my brothers threw the box with the suction mount out.
It's not the same size as an apple charger.
Color chipped off after a month, leaving the case with ugly white splotches all over
Not worth the money. a cheaper one is built about the same.
The ring is already flimsy and won't stay in one position. I've only had it on my phone for a day....
Less than 4 months later this is already coming apart! I loved this case- it is so easy to wipe clean and has a nice feel to it.
Came scratched up and dented without the legit iphone charger accessories.
The mount and magnet are great. Very sleek, minimalistic, barely takes up any space on the dashboard. The adhesive, however, is garbage. Lasted all of 3 days before falling off. I think, the fact that you have to mount on a vertical spot of the dashboard due to the adjustable angle of the mount (probably better on a coarse surface rather than flat/smooth) the weight of the phone easily pulls on the adhesive, causing it to fall off... could probably find a different adhesive to apply to the mount, but for how much it was, not going to waste any time on it.
So this case looks great from the front, and my phone feels safe and secure in it, but it gets like little air pockets in the back. I removed the case and cleaned the phone and case many times and couldn't get them out (I'd also put it on a brand new phone). I ordered one of these cases for my dad too and the same thing happened. We returned his but I decided to keep mine for a bit since it wasn't expensive and I didn't want to drop my phone while waiting for a new case. The Spigen brand case is very similar and I will do that next time.
Poor quality, I will be returning this case
for the price it didnt work very good so i sent it back
These worked without problems, haven't had a bad one yet in terms of DOA. My problem with them as other customers have said and potential disaster waiting to happen is that the adhesive backing they have on the risers is peeling off on them all, leading them to fall off eventually and hit the cpu fan and who knows what else. Hopefully they get this fixed and I would rate it a solid 4. I also docked a star for my own personal preference because for my setup I needed at least 2" more on two USB cables, causing me to readjust my build.
The phone requires a flat head to open which this tool set does not come with. I was not able to complete the repair.
They are not a very good quality. Take forever to charge our phones! 😢
This product is attractive looking, but I don't believe that it will protect my screen if my phone drops. Should have a screen protector included or more pronounced corners.
Good design but it would not stick to my phone. My phone has a aluminum case with a partial rubber-like backing and the adhesive would not stick.
Note 9 case works great. Other than the back being easily scuffed, it does its job. The Pixel 3a case, however, did not hold up so well. In fact, it completely fell apart almost a week in. The frame is only attached to the plastic backing at the bottom. It may be the case that this one in specific was a defect (pun intended there).
I'm giving the product two stars instead of one because it did work on occasion, but is either very slow or doesn't work half the time and I don't know which one it is. I contacted the company but never got a response so went ahead and returned it and bought a different product. Also, I think the 20,000 capacity claim is dubious. It's more like 10,000 I think based on the one time I was able to fully charge it.
The case is pretty heavy. but i knew what i bought. No lightning connection - i knew what i bought. BUT!!!! The battery dead in 1 month. garbage.
I have a stylo 4 and when i put the protector it was a little too small and the protecter sides when you put on wont fully go down and it annoys me so much
Not happy with this protector. Does not adhere around the edges. There's about a 1/4" frame around the screen that the protector does not curve enough to make contact with the screen.
While I was able to charge these ear buds, they would not stay in my ear and they actually would not sync with my phone. I have gone back to wearing regular headphones at the gym. Don't bother buying these, they are a waste of money. I should have spent more on a better brand.
This particular morphine was excellent. I bought another refurbished one after this that doesn't work. Sorry about the last review. I love this one.
The earphone part did not work
The cigarette lighter adapter was dead as a doornail real piece of junk rip off
This product worked twice while i was in Europe and Africa and stopped working. Upon arrival back in the states, the pilot light began working again but still not functional.
did not fit great and it make the images look awful!
Poor quality compared to tile. More than one tile came nonfunctional but was replaced after a long text conversation with text support. They do have a 1x battery replacement but I think these come with refurbished batteries as I have already had to order replacements after one day of use. Spend the money on a tile
Lasted one weekend. I used it for a music festival and on the last day it broke.
The best factor about this headset is the price. Otherwise, everything was terrible. Quality is poor. Video, audio, the adjustable knobs, everything was very cheap. I suppose this should be obvious at $30, but I saw so many 5 star reviews I thought they would be better. 1. There are two knobs, one adjust volume, and one is an “OK” button. Ok button pushes down in a very wierd, random spot in the upper left hand corner of the phone's screen. I have an iPhone 7. Not sure what the point of that button is. Volume is self-explanatory. 2. The knobs that adjust sight are very sensitive; you can accidentally shift the knobs very easily and end up requiring constant fiddling. Also, the knobs on the side are very flimsy, I thought they might break. 3. Video looks awful. It's basically the difference between looking at a UHD screen (IPhone) vs a tube tv which needs its antenna adjusted. You can't even view the whole screen. All four corners are slightly impacted. 4. The audio bleeds a lot. It really takes away from the whole immersive experience. Although so does the video. Overall, I highly suggest buying a different product. Maybe for a child this unit would be ok. However upon trying out my first VR headset, I would strongly advise against letting a growing child view a device like this. My eyes felt awful for 10 minutes after configuring the viewing settings for about 5 minutes and I have good vision. If you really want a good set, you'll probably need to spend a lot more.
Bought this case sept 2018. Loved it until about 2 months ago when the tension on the swivel started to loose its tension. The result is that if the case is bumped it spins and turns he phone upside down therefore it will fall out onto the ground. This has also happened to me when I sit in a car. Get out and realize my phone has fallen out and is still on the car seat....:(. Obviously s very bad design.
It didn't stick for very long
Doesn't charge with consistency and if it does, it take a long time.
Love the design of this case. Hate that the finish of the case is already wearing away in the short time I have owned it. Would definitely NOT purchase this again.
The sound quality is not so good
We were happy with the case and was even thinking about giving 5 stars review but y'day we noticed that the case is braking after 3 weeks of usage! Not heavy usage, standard daily use... very disappointed!
This was no case but a stickers
2 stars for nicely fit. Good cutouts all around sharp and accurate. The case design itself is subjective. I don't have much preference on how the case look rather what important to me is its functionality and durability to act as a phone case. The screen protector attached with front piece of the case is horrible. It gets scratches and smudges all over so easily. It is also very reflective and creates glare. The case itself looks very cheap feels very cheap unlike the picture as many have mentioned. The cut out at fingerprint location is necessary for fingerprint to function properly but it is also a dust collecting spot. The port opening and closing flaps are bad design. Port flaps will not close after opening for usb cord connection and headphone jack connection. I have had OtterBox case for other phone with port enclosure and they are absolutely incomparable in quality and functionality. This case, however, is better than no case. I will leave it on my phone until I find other case. Bottom line this case isn't worth its current price tag. I thought this case could provide a nice screen protector and case bundle but it isn't. I would save more money buying better case with better screen protector else where. Edit:typo
Seems like a nice product but it doesn't work with android auto. It works for a couple minutes then disconnects itself everytime. Other cables do not have this problem.
very poor quiality. in the corners doesn't stick very well.
I bought this as a gift for my dad and he loved it because it was easy to use and a vertical case so easy to slip in. I would have rated higher but it's already coming apart after 2 months to the extent he will probably have to get a new one already.
The glue didn't work very well, it came out within minutes after installation
The sound quality is ehh, the buds dont stay in your ears, and they're uncomfortable.
This case is a little too tight for my iPhone 8, enough that it cracked the case because the back is made out of tempered glass. This is a terrible design. Although it still is better to crack the case rather than your phone but still the shattered glass on the case is dangerous. If they just stuck with a plastic and silicone or rubber material it would be much better or have the glass removable so the case can still be used.
It lasted a week or 2 but then it doesn't work anymore. That it starts charging my phone slowly. This is incredibly frustrating because I'm not doing anything crazy with. I'm just charging my phone!
Probably overall its a good case, and it has protected my phone from falls. I'm just not wild about how it looks around the edges, also the raised part on the back I don't understand.
it's snug, go up 2 sizes for true fit and it's pretty sexy going up a another size will help with the wrap being to open
What I liked that it was the right color, and size for me, but I was so disappointed because I could not put my ear plugs any where in it. Plus it doesn't fit all my cards and when I went to close it, it would not close. I kept it did not send it back, because I am hoping that maybe later on I can find something I can use it for, because it is so pretty. But, it is not useful for anyone to put their phone in it or ear plugs. I am so sad because I love it. :(
There is a section on the left side of the screen where I guess there isn't or wasn't any adhesive? It has a grid pattern, so I know its not something I did, but it looks like a dot matrix. Install went ok but it dried so fast that i ended up stretching the protector around the camera hole, so it now hangs over the side of the screen. It looks good on the rest of the screen, it covers the whole screen, but there appears to be that defect along the entire left side of the screen.
The white frame/edge stays there and looks odd. The size doesn't match 6S - it's smaller.
Came unscrewed, and now I have lost fitbit and the part of the necklace that held it. It came unscrewed as I wore it around the house and I thought it was a fluke. Wore it to work a few days later and now fitbit is gone for good.
It's a great case but I have to return it seeing as I can't reach the volume key. So disappointing.
The phone couldn't connect to the charger anymore, had to toss the cable.
just didn't get the reception I expected. it might work for others depending on location
Pro: They gave you three of them, just in case you're not satisfied with your first or second try. Con: But knowing the design leaves sizeable gaps on each side, no amount of retries will meet satisfaction.
3 months after broke this product Not good quality
Both corner bottom where the speaker is, the silicone started peeling off after 2 weeks and it's really dirty.I don't recommend the case I'll rather buy something else or the apple silicone case for 30$
Had it for 3 months and it started to tear apart
It took less than 90 days for 1 side to stop working and I am beyond disappointed. The volume and battery life are the best I've ever experienced but to only be able to use one side has me enraged. I give it another month before both sides stop working.
Disappointed in the protection this case offered for my phone. Immediately returned for refund.
I didn't like tis device . I though that I Will plug and will charge three devices but it is not true
Works decent, but I can not get them to pair together. We feel like we basically got two single ear buds
I like the color. What i didnt like it i couldn't use my touchscreen on it at all amd couldn't hear unless the phone was on speakerphone only....
Things I like: - Phone case separates and is small - Built-in stand... - Replaces my wallet nicely - Can rotate the phone case inside the leather wallet to charge phone from other side - Looks nice Things I do not like: - Magnet in the case is too strong and often collapses the stand - The leather does not support stand well at all and almost always collapses - Cannot get good viewing angle with stand and needs to be supported with additional object - Cards do not come in and out of the case very well - Inside pocket for money causes the case to get too bulky too easily
For $200 my expectations shouldn't be high at all but this is just awful. 1) micro usb usb pathetic. It's 2018 2) great size screen and aspect ratio but not responsive 3) the UI looks like an iPhone. This makes the UI look super cheap. 4) camera is decent but it's no where near other budget devices like Motorola 5) it has 4GB of RAM but runs like it has 2. Super glitchy. Don't waste your money. Spend the extra couple bucks and either a moto G5 plus, essential phone or one plus 5T
I purchased these about 5 months ago and now they won't take a charge. They got used probably 3 times a wk for an hour. It's too late to return these so I'm out of a nice amount of money. In regards to the sound, it was “ok” but I have way cheaper headphones that out perform these. The volume is also not very loud. The max volume on these is probably the equivalent of 75% in many others. Disappointed!
Poor fit to my phone. Does not fit the edge design on the S9. The edges started peeling 2 days before after application. So annoying!
Have had this on for maybe a month and the color is already chipping off.
It stated fast charger however this is not a fast charger when used with a galaxy 7. Purchased specifically for faster charging so disappointed. Do like upright positioning Update: I have since recieved a replacement from the seller. Great customer service. They went above and beyond. This new one is fast charging. First one must have been faulty. Worth the purchase. Thanks
Purchased as a replacement for lost pen, it's not the right size for the phone, sticks when putting in the phone, also you can't write with it only thing its good for is getting rid of missing pen message.
Was good til it broke less than a month later. They offered me a refund & evil shift gave me a discount and free shipping on my next order but it was too late. My business went to scuf impact. Worth it. Evil was okay...
People don;t hear you
Mechanically is is a good device, Good fit. but have some issues with setting that I can not figure out: Mute voice commands and also it auto answers calls which is annoying as I am not able to screen my calls. And could not find any support on line.
Unable to leave review, item not received. Shows it was left in mailbox but we haven't received it. Didn't find another way to contact the seller.
Didnt realize it was a silicone, i ordered the blue one and when i got it its a lighter color. The plastic seems thin/very breakable. And the phone stand doesnt work on mine. I will say the extra clip they give you feels more sturdy. Would not buy again because i was looking for a more durable phone case.
started hearing frying noises on the second day of use. what a waste of money!!!
Lasted less than a month and screen is already missing digits.
This would not power my 12 volt hot plate. Before using, the adapter light would stay a bright red. When I inserted my plug the light went to a dim red and steadily blinked with no charge to the hot plate.
Even though the calculator is very good and easy to use when it is working, the screen broke after 3 weeks of use. I always kept it protected but that didn't do it.
Not very comfortable
3 if the 4 cords worked apon arrival one of the 10ft was broke it's a months later went to move my 10ft to a different outlet plug and the usb came out see pic
Cracked the phone the first time it was dropped on wood.
The case itself is a right fit, the screen cover itself is not fitting correctly. It will not lay flat on the phone. This makes it difficult to do anything, you have to push hard to do anything.
The tips tear really easily. All of my pens have tears in the tips after minimal use.
Very cheap quality. It came broken. It feels really cheap. It's hard to install in pet because it doesn't come with the right tools. Rear camera didn't work. Same quality that if you buy it from Wish.
The only reason I give it two stars is due to the ease of installation. As far as longevity of the product goes, don't even bother. It cracks too easily, and it doesn't last.
Too slippery and can fall out of hands easy.
Sounds good, but the back of the unit is too heavy and pulls itself away from your collar.
Not great. Defective item. Mine would loose signal to Bluetooth device. Took a while to read USB and touch screen was not accurate at all. Also had bad static sound.
This is a cheap piece of slippery plastic
Nice sturdy case but it hides the half the camera.
Comfortable. Not very durable. Both retaining loops broke w/in 3 months time. I solved the issue w/two small rare earth magnets, a leather punch & some super glue. Who needs those loops anyway.
The round piece your finger goes in broke very soon after getting this case then the hard plastic broke with in a month. very Unhappy.
Let me start by saying that I own and have owned Spigen products and for the most part, they are of very good quality and function. This product was lacking in those areas. It felt like it was cheap plastic, hard to put together and even harder to pry apart the sections without feeling that the phone was going to fly off. The case had a shiny slippery surface which is scary when holding the phone. While I do not recommend this product, I do recommend Spigen Tough Armor Designed for Samsung Galaxy S10 Plus Case (2019) -
While the material is durable enough to not have broken yet, the mechanism that provides the tension within the CD slot is thin and is not both wide enough or goes deep enough to withstand the vibration and bouncing of a tablet in the mount. Consequently, it falls out of the slot leaving some Mark's in the plastic face of the stereo.
Wasn't as I thought it would be so I returned it
Used a little over 4 weeks and the cords went from fast charging to slow charge to won't charge at all. Wouldn't recommend.
Product worked great for about 8 weeks before it stopped working.
I received this product on October 4th and have been wearing it every day since. As you can see in photos, this "leather" is more like a suede that gets extremely dirty. The "rose gold" toned buckle has scratched off too. I guess you get what you pay for but I was expecting more. It is however a really comfy band, but I will be returning.
Quality is very bad. My broke after the 3rd use. The clip and the phone holder piece are just made of plastic that is too cheap. I would recommend spend a little more and get a better unit.
I returned this as the white part on the band was soiled.
Paid over $16 extra to get the black hardware to match the watch but item shipped is silver. According to other reviews this appears to happen often. Unable to find a way to order with proper lugs/hardware so will now have to purchase off Amazon. Item also took a full week to ship & now I've got to ship it back
Can really only one card in it at a time.
Doesn't hold charge well top slips off everytime I take out of pocket worked good for about a week
I've had all mophie cases with all my iPhones but this one seems cheaply made. My previous ones took a beating and yet this one cracked by the speaker on the slightest drop.
i recently lost my clutch had bag & cell phone on Thursday, I had a tile in my bag. i downloaded tile to my friends phone and I have yet to locate my bag, how close or far do you have to be from the Tile?
Thought it would fit along with my beetle pro watch case/band. Unfortunately it didn't. Some Of the reviews said it would, but unfortunately it doesn't.
Figure prints reader is not good
Seems the quality doesnt fit its design, meaning the nice push down clamp works but the quality of the design isnt up there with it, i wish it was more durable and stronger in all.
I have a iPhone 6 Plus and It makes my phone look super big.
The cables are rolled in a bad way, itworks, but when you flatten it stopped working one of them
I bought this case a little over a month ago and the zipper has been malfunctioning from the start. I read the other reviews before I bought it, so I knew there was a good chance the zipper would break. But I wanted to give it a chance anyway because it was the only case of this design available and I really love the functionality of the design. At first, the zipper just needed a little "help" to close correctly- I would have to press the teeth together as I pulled the zipper shut (imagine doing this at the grocery store when 5 people are in line behind you, waiting for you to move along with your purchases- very time consuming and embarrassing). Also from the beginning, I could not put more than 3 cards on each side and could not carry more than 1 folded bill without the zipper struggling to close. The zipper problem got progressively worse until this week when it just will not close at all, no matter the amount of coaxing. I was at the store again when it happened and I just had to put my phone, my card, and receipt in the bag with my purchases until I got home and could sort everything out. I am now ordering a new case because I am too afraid that my cards are going to fall out, with the zippered back hanging completely open. My only other small complaint is that this case is bulky. I was not terribly bothered by that, but I could see that other people would be. Other than that, I have no complaints. I even dropped the phone several times with no damage! I'm really sad to have to replace this case, but the broken zipper makes it basically useless. ☹️
I just got this, and was pleased when the first two pins came out easily per the instructions. The bracelet was still too big so I needed to take out more links, but the pins would NOT. COME. OUT. Both my husband and I tried and the result was nothing but broken tools. From the other reviews, I'm guessing this was a fluke - maybe a returned item? I'm not sure, but it was a big disappointment.
It was good for a while that I had it and then after the inside of the charger on the inside had to be forced on one side inorder to charge if not it would not work.
the credit card door does not open easily.
Pop socket is fine but the adhesive is nothing but two sided tape and when you are holding it with your hand it gets warmed up and it falls off nonstop. I would purchase another pop socket that had a better and he's of backing.
Don't really care for the color on the side. The top speaker aligns well with the case but the charger and the headphone Jack on the bottom aren't. The space on the case is so close to the top of both of those, making it difficult if you have anything slightly larger to plug in. The cable had fell off twice already when I was transferring data from my old phone to the S10.
Worked well for about a day. Application was easy & flawless. After a day or two it starts to lift off the screen, making it hard to press the icons you need to. It came in a 2 pack. Tried both, had same experience.
Terrible. Did not stick at all. Followed steps to apply and adhesive lasted only a few weeks
Durability and comfort are lacking
Overall the case was fine but the case started falling apart with normal use.
The guide strips fall off. The protector even when applied almost perfect doesnt adhere to some edges of the face. Just feels like its for a different phone than the Pixel 2
Tempered glass never stays on and this one was no different, I often get the edges caught while putting it in my pocket and it rips the screen off. Offered good protection it felt from scratches.
I'm not the brightest when it comes to networking so this is likely my fault, but I thought I'd be able to plug my iPhone into my computer using this cable and record phone calls (for interviews). didn't work.
Worked for the first two days or so. The sticky part does not really stick very well. You really need a flat surface, which my kia sorta doesn't have. Still hold my phone in place but, I need to make sure I don't turn too fast or it will fly away.
Very flimsy, not able to get the stand to stay put. Very disappointed.
I've had many good products from this company but these have always had a choppy connection to my Moto G3. With an aux transmitter, no problem.
I love the way this makes my skin feel. But two stars because it's overpriced by 10 bucks. I go through about one a month so this means over 300 bucks annually on a night cream. This does not factor in purchasing a sunscreen too. The container is too small too, they should sell it in a bigger container. Therefore, awesome product but long term viability based on how it's packaged and priced means two stars.
You still have to use your Apple Watch charger for this so it's kind of pointless in my opinion. I was looking for something that was the charger itself.
The screen protector not good at all
screen scraches way to easy and makes it impossible to see during the day and cant use any items that plug into headphone jack. will be replacing soon due to these issues as i always have to take phone out of case to use c.c. reader
It does not stick to my phone...it stays for an hour or so but then comes off
The ring on the back came off after a week.
Has rainbow effect in the middle of the screen
As soon as I went to install the screen saver it shattered around the select button so I had to open the other one and that one seemed fine but I paid for two but basically just got one. Clarity was very good though
Memory management is terrible on this phone. It constantly seizes up due to notifications, etc. Locks up for randon amounts of time when you go to start an application. Battery life is awful just letting the phone idle. A real POS with the exception that the hardware/chassis seems well constructed.
So was rather surprised the case was not real wood and the fact it was for an S8 + not a regular S8. Apparently you had to read the near paragraph description that states S8 then S8 +. Very unhappy about the lack of clarity. My brother with an S8 enjoys it though.
As soon as I opened the package rhinestones were falling off into my hands. My package did not come with extra rhinestones or glue. Very cheaply made. I can't even put it on my phone because the rhinestones are falling off all over the place.
The phone case build is too thick compared to others purchased on other websites. This results in lack of functions on the screen such as swiping down from the top to look at notifications or swiping up to access the quick menu such as flashlight, WiFi and others. I don't use it, it is just sitting in my drawer.
These are pretty subpar headphones.
can't understand what or how to install it on laptop, the instructions are not clear, and say email them for help and that is it , also can't find the EMAIL address anywhere ???????? if I do not get a response in 2 days I will send back and give another REVIEW
The case looks nice but it broke quickly. The problem is that it is not one piece, the red top/bottom are hard plastic and they snap on to the ends. If you carry your phone in your pocket, when you take it in and out the red ends catch and pull off and eventually break and can't be put back on.
It was guaranteed to fit my Samsung Galaxy J3 2017, it doesn't!
This is the third time I have bought these protectors! I drop my phone a lot as do my kids. I prefer to break a screen protector instead of my phone'a screen. I have recommended these to friends and now I recommend them to you. I use this in conjunction with a phone case that has also helped protect my phone.
Just in one day after use, the metal part came off from the rubber part of the sim card slot. Had to glue it back together. Then after about 3 weeks the leg like piece came off. Waste of money.
It not charging, and doesn't protect the phone.
It was good at first. But installation is terrible. If you put the whole adhesive onto the screen it will eventually spill over on the side. Almost 2 weeks from now the screen protector started showing some peeling. Not worth the price i payed.
Worked fine for 2 months then died.
The description says it's a 2 pack. Only one screen was in the box. Just
It did not protect the phone enough. Screen cracked when dropped
The Plastic USB port broke. Not very happy with durability. When it worked, it charged great, now... cant use it. Used it maybe 20 times.
Phone has to be in just the right spot to charge. If you bump the nightstand or charger it can fall out of the sweet spot.
It breaks easily when dropped.
Randomly stops charging at times and also charges slow on Iphone Xr. Suction works best only on glass so trying to put on my dashboard was a no go.
This is way too dark. You can't barely see a thing especially when you're outside. You have to max out your brightness just to even see anything on your phone.
After I took it out of the box when it arrived at my door I noticed when you would shake it something inside was rattling around
Still holds charge but poor design or manufacture, lightning cable socket doesn't hold cable in, drops out constantly.
Thought it would hold my Samsung Galaxy 7 better, but doesn't really. Comes with several alternatives, and the one I prefer is the long-stemmed one. Thought I would like this better, but when I put it on my side window, I have to take it off when I roll my window down. If I put it on the windshield, it's in my line of vision. Sticks to the windows OK. Just isn't as handy as I thought it would be.
Magnet not strong enough to keep phone from tilting. Flops all over the place.
I will start with saying that the functionality of this product work very well. But, functionality means nothing if the camera itself can't stay together. I live in a very warm area in California, and one 100 degree day the viewing screen literally melted apart, along with the internal components swelling. This product is made to be inside a vehicle, and it should be made to withstand the environments that go with it.
The color is immensely different than what is pictured. (I bought the pink and gold.) It looks pastel and light in the picture, and in person is dull and dark. Was very disappointed. The tiny mirror on the side is scuffed and dirty, & I don't find the card slots very practical; it's hard to slip it in & out. Tight squeeze. Overall just not happy with the product, and I don't personally recommend it.
Only worked for about a month for 2/3 we received so would not buy again.
Case was fine but the screen protector broke the first day when I put the front of the case on!
They protected my phone screen like they were supposed to. However, the first screen protector cracked after 2 days of regular use. I was hesitant to put the second protector on because it came with a bubble in it. After the protector cracked more and more I had to. I just put it on and so far it is fine other than the bubble I couldn't get out at the top of the screen
Doesn't provide full protection. The top and bottom are open. Wish I had realized this before I bought it.
I like the color,. I do not care for the tab/ kickstand on the back that doesn't snap into place. Makes it difficult to pull out of a pocket because It flops open with just gravity. If it were to snap in place I would have given a much higher star level.. going to super glue it into place.. I should have paid a bit more for a higher quality product.
I liked it but it wasn't what I was looking for .
Phone was dropped from only about three feet off the ground and was left basically shattered.
They don't have enough adhesive on the glass so they fall off and break
Seller delivered item timely. However item does not hold a charge started using the battery in Nov. and it does not hold a charge have to keep charging the battery even when the phone is not in use.
Spring that locks leather band to the connector that locks into the Apple Watch pops out and my watch falls to the floor.
They all leak. The concentrate will come up through the mouth piece. Do not buy, it will waste your product.
At first I was excited because I can see they're made well but once I plugged my phone in I realized they don't charge fast at all. Probably won't buy again.
We had to return it; it is not feasible to take a phone out of it's case every time I want to charge it.
These are bullcrap. They say rapid charging and honestly they both worked well the first couple days. Now after 4 days one of them is not charging properly. My phone battery still drains while I'm using it and it's still plugged up charging. It's like the cord won't charge fast enough to keep up with my usage. The other cord isn't doing that to my daughter's phone at least not yet. I'll be requesting a refund for this garbage.
The case is great but the magnetic holder does not hold the phone it slides off, in order to make it work I had to add a magnet to the outside of my case which takes away from the look of the case.
Will not charge my Samsung Note 9 nor my Galaxy 9 which is the main reason I purchased this cable. It does work with my iPad Air 2 and my iPhone Xs. Seems like good quality and I have not been able to recreate others' complaints about the wires yanking out.
The overall idea is so cute. My son really loved it until the piece that sticks into the iphone literally fell out of the cord after about only a dozen uses or so. I wish the product was more durable.
Like the screen but i did not have it for 90days and the controller on the screen stopped working. The program is also sticking. Other wise when i first got it it was nice.
I love this case BUT I hate the fact that the bottom section to the charging port is not protected..so if the phone should fall on that section then it would be damaged since it's not protected...if it was then it would be an amazing case
3 of 4 cables died after 1 month of usage. iPhone 6 Plus stop recognize it.
Two of the ports didnt work
I receive one at the beginning of the year. It was extremely difficult to open the kickstand. Then it broke. I received a second and I just tried to open kickstand again as gently as I could and it pops out such that the kickstand is useless!
Unable to give a review at this time as this is a b-day gift. Will do a follow up review later
Got 2 of these and liked them but now I've noticed that one of them does not last very long. Not impressed. I use it for my phone and kids tablets, cant use it for my heated vest. With in 15 min. It dies on the power, wife has a 10000 that last 10 times longer in the heated vest.
The 3D Touch quit working about 2 months after putting screen in.
This is my second one. I returned the first one the day after I got it because it quit working. Instead of a refund, I thought I would give a new one a chance. I wanted to try this one because it seemed to be thinner than what I've been using. It is a little thinner, but I will be going back to my other one because the cable is too short and does not fit my chargers correctly. It also seems to not charge or charges very slowly when it is aligned on the charger.
The case does not fit properly. The hole for the charger is not cut in the correct spot making it impossible for the charging cable to stay on
The only reason I'm giving it 2 stars is because it looks nice. Doesn't work well. Returned it.
Didn't protect my screen from a fall
Love the color but it falls so easy. Don't have it anymore and I just had bought it.
Typing this review with the screen protector still on so please forgive typos. This is a horrible product. Gave it a star because it was easy to apply and came with application materials. But it is not at all functional. You cannot type unless you press hard through the screen as it pulls away due to its terrible fit. Will be returning.
It's VERY slippery and not very protective. More for looks.
I really liked this case at first because it's simple and protects the front of the phone more than other cases. But the front and back pieces that snap together do not stay on. They did for the first week or two but now they constantly separate because they don't snap together completely anymore. I can't tell if it's broken because it doesn't look that way. But the front and back piece never completely close. If I do drop my phone they both fall off completely. Plus I have a phone ring (like a pop socket) on the back so since I need a new case I have to get a new phone ring too because they don't come off. Disappointed:(
The mirror is tiny and distorted, makes u feel dizzy looking into it. Oddly placed and odd to open and look into. Bulky. Otherwise could be a decent case.
These chargers are awful. I have to bend and twist EVERY single one of them in order to charge my phone and even then it won't charge. Don't buy these, honestly not with dealing with.
I would give this case 4 stars or maybe 5, except for one problem. And the problem is only for the iPhone X version, so I'm sure it's a fine case for other iPhones. The main pluses are that the ring is great as both a stand and as a holder, and that the combination soft/hard case has always been my favorite for iPhones, since i tend to drop it a lot. The deal-breaker is that the metal ring prevents wireless charging. This is because of the induction process behind wireless power transmission. To their credit, the description does not claim that the case is compatible with wireless charging, so if I'd read more carefully I could have avoided buying it. The only thing I can think of that may fix the problem is to use wire cutters to clip the ring so that it's got a gap in it - this should prevent most induction currents in the ring. I'll update the review if this works. In the meantime, a suggestion to the manufacturer is to replace the metal ring with some sort of coated ceramic or hard plastic.
The screen protector seems to be decent enough, but I could not get the entire screen to bond. Even in my best try I had to press extremely hard on the left side of the keyboard to have a response. It makes the screen unusable.
I love the ridges on the back to keep the phone from sliding out of your hand but the case is not a good fit for the phone! Mine keeps popping out. I ended up dropping it on the ground right as it had popped out and ruined the corner of my brand new phone.
I've purchased multiple Anker products over the years and had yet to have a dud. The odds caught up with me this time. My first USB C to lighting cable. Lasted 2 days before only intermittently working. Was not put under strain nor did it show any outward signs of wear. Tested it with multiple USB C chargers. It was the cable. That said, can't give it 1 stars. I have Anker “regular” USB to lighting cables working after 2+ years of gentle use.
They dont fit properly I try both already it seem too small for this phone
The product doesn't seem to repel mosquitoes even after 2 weeks of priming. We ended up using one of those chemical repellents to get the job done. Great customer service and prompt shipping gets them 2 stars.
The size must be wrong because I ordered XS max case and it sure did not fit my phone
Case was loose fitting, phone was able to rock around a little inside. The plastic portion of the case breaks very easily, and once it begins to break, it very easily gets caught on stuff, making the breakage worse and worse until it's no longer usable.
It was fine until it just broke ....my phone didn't fell or anything
This is not USB 3. The number of pins are not correct for USB 3 to work. Most you will get is USB 2.
I am very disappointed.
It stopped working after a month.
Headphones are fine. My major issues with it is that the Bluetooth connection is not great - I have to go into settings to disconnect and reconnect every time I want to use it. The other issue is that when I listen to music, it has a tendency to skip the first two seconds of every song.
The first time after I dropped it the corner cracked right by camera now moisture get by the lense and stays in there:/ and all my chargers don't fit in the port
I got mine installed at the local mechanic for the cost of a half hour shop time. It's so-so, too fish-eyed to be very useful for backing up to park. Connected to Garmin Nuvi with no problem. The picture switches to the backup camera a little slowly, but it's not a bad idea to pause while backing anyway. It might show an adult walking behind the car, but I doubt a small child would be distinguishable. I guess the warning not to rely exclusively on the camera should be taken to heart.
Didn't even try this I got to gym put the piece on the back of my phone and pressed soon as I put the bigger magnet on phone to attach to gym bar the slim magnet came off and has 0 stickiness even with 2 this was a fail... gonna have to buy better or glue to fix this
The longest one lasted less than a week.
So the sound quality, battery and durability are about the same as any other wireless headset. The thing that bothers me is the volume just randomly adjusts on its own without me touching my phone or the headset at all. It's quite annoying when you're trying to watch or listen to something.
It's just ok. The belt clip has no tension so as long as you don't move or do any real work it stays connected. The case seems to be holding up ok. The screen protector was not cut correctly and bits of the plastic rolled on edges not allowing it to set on screen properly and ended up breaking in my hand when I tried to remove the
The sides of the protector didn't stick well to the phone.
Didn't NOT like this. Doesn't fit the phone right pulled up to easy. It blocks all writing on the phone. Would not recommend
They buzzed, even at low volume. I returned them.
I didn't like this case. It was pretty, but it felt very flimsy. I returned it.
This was the other size. The magnent worked great. But it would not stay stuck to my dash. I have an origional Pixel phone, so it isn't even one of the larger phones that are out there now. I was very disappointed that it wouldn't stick. After it fell off I tried several other locations and the mount would fall off of my dash as soon as I put my phone on it. If it stuck, it would have been perfect.
Easy to install but there is a black border all around the screen essentially blocking the edge display. Very frustrating to see a black bar all around and light leaking off the side
Cracks way to easy. Good thing there are 3. You will need them.
Phone was advertised "like new" but the fingerprint sensor area was all scratch up. To the point where the enamel coating was worn off. Instead of lilac it's black. Just a lot more weathered than I expected for a $320 phone
They always fall off the ears and the red strap get loose i wanted to spend more money thinking better product , when using to answer a phone call it switches to music because the button is right next to it , the sound is ok , i wish i could return them
I didn't receive the correct case design that I wanted I ended up getting something way different. The glass screen was already broken when taken out of package and 2 little screws were missing. Aside from that the case is crack proof but dents easily
One drop and the case cracked.Camera lens cover leaves a yellow tint to photos.
Looks alot nicer in photo, the blue is really close to black. Fits nice though and provides some protection
As amazing as these charge very quickly. I have only have them for less than two weeks and two of them no longer work. If possible I would like to either get replacements, or a refund
Be careful...this is not a standard Android charger. The male connection is wider than the standard.
Pros. I like this style color and the way they fit on my ear I've tried a lot of headphones and nothing ever fits maybe I have a deformed ear but these headphones fit snug and perfect not too tight not too big just right unlike airpods those things don't do nothing for me at all just fall out Con: this is my second pair of these headphones the first pair I had the same things within 10 minutes of use left earphone start skipping like a bad CD that was scratched and then eventually just shuts off 5 minutes later right in the middle of a workout!!! you have to stop what you're doing Turn both of them off turn both of them back on and sometimes they might not even pair correctly and then when it comes to phone calls only the right headphone works during phone calls which kind of sucks unlike other companies they are able to do left and right with that being said as my second chance trying these out not very impressed at all maybe it's too early for Android to have a good pair of headphones technology is just not there yet
Compared to the Bestfy Wireless Earbuds and other comparable sports ear buds, these APIE earbuds aren't as comfortable. They're clunky, and the controls are not intuitive... backwards in fact from the standard the others manufacturers in the industry use.
It is convenient for charging, and works with a phone in a good size phone case. The charger is inconsistent, if I don't set the phone in the charger just right, it will sometimes not actually charge. It has to be slightly off center on the left (it's right). Additionally, the USB-C connection on the back needs to be re-connected (despite looking to be connected) before it will charge sometimes, despite it not being moved around much. The Charger also makes beeping noises when it is plugged in, but not charging a phone, they are relatively quiet beeps, but it is very inconvenient for a bedroom or office.
It looks good, but didn't fit without modification. The camera cutout did not line up properly so the top of the cover wouldn't sit flush on the back. I trimmed the hole a little larger and now it fists decently flush, though still a slight gap and it's a mm or two too wide. It is a little thicker than the camera (thicker than I would prefer, but at least it protects the camera. The problem with trimming it is that I cut off too much from the sides and now it slides around a little on the back. :-/
I liked it a lot ,until I realized it only has glue on the sides, I read it has glue all over and finally I realized this was a customer comment, I don't know why the seller didn't erase that comment so we customers don't confuse. I hope this to stay in its place
The band feel apart after wearing it one day. A small screw came out which I can't find because it's so small :/
Worked like advertised right out of the box!! Installation was a breeze! After using the unit on a longer trip on my 5th wheel, I find that the picture freezes up and then speeds by and often the screen goes blank for 5 to 10 seconds. The camera is only 40 feet from the receiver but the signal strength indicator usually show only 1 or 2 bars. Since the picture is often missing or not real time this unit cannot be depended upon.
2 came broken, they don't fit if you have a case on
One of the cables stopped working after a month.
I received the product and loved the look of it. But after 3 weeks It is broken already.
I wasn't impressed with the sound. Not loud enough and doesn't have good bass.
It's nice, but bigger than I thought it would be. It's about the size of a computer mouse and high volume isn't very loud. People complained that it was as if I was in a barrel or distant, static would come and go and it wouldn't let my visor flip all the way towards the windshield. It does tell you the number that's calling, but would be nice if it announced the name to see if you really wanted to answer or not.
Terrible, the camera keeps turning on and off while im driving which is a distraction. Also the cam has an intense brightness while driving at night which prevents you from seeing clearly whats behind you. I would not suggest purchasing this and get something more economical and efficient.
So I just bought this one and it sticks OK it's kind of coming up on the corners after day two. however my biggest complaint is that standard business cards do not fit well in the card hold section. unfortunately the card holder was the exact feature that was my biggest concern as this product is for My Work Phone. otherwise I like the strap and it actually is more comfortable then the ring option that I use for my personal phone.
Most of these reviews are for another product! This screen protector works, but the sensitivity of the screen goes way down. Would not recommend
I bought these for my dad for Christmas, however he didn't start using them until a month ago. Only after a couple of weeks, the left ear bud would no longer hold a charge for more than 15 minutes or so. According to my dad, the sound quality was good and they fit really well. He might have just gotten a defective pair, but I missed the window to return them. He would give them another shot if I could exchange them.
With this phone being brand new I took a risk ordering these for it. I was pleased that they came unbroken and in a nice package. However once I started to put one on my phone I noticed it was no where near the size of the screen. It's several millimeters short in width so there are gaps on both edges of the screen. I also believe that it should have been a few millimeters longer. The overall length is OK but it could have been better. Another thing I was worried about was the in display fingerprint reader. I did not have any trouble with this working. I don't feel like I was out a tremendous amount of money taking a gamble on getting these however I will not buy them again unless they prove they've fixed the issues I've stated. Overall, it is better than the film that came on it and you get the glass feel of a true screen but I'd look elsewhere next time.
Cable started losing its charge capabilities cause the bend connection is weak
This does not hold my phone securely on the shopping cart as I had hoped it would. If youre not trying to touch your phone when you're using this device, it might be ok.
Won't protect against short falls.... My phone fell out of my pocket and landed on the side, the case failed to protect my phone and as a result my screen cracked. Purchase a OtterBox or life proof case
They were great while they worked. First one had a short in the earphone, I was sent a replacement. Second one just stopped working all together, and wouldn't charge anymore. Customer service is great, but the product it's self was not a good experience for me. In the end I was given my money back. If there was a star rating for customer service I would give them 5 stars.
I have been through at LEAST 4 pairs of these. My mom, dad, and GF all have them as well. When they are new, they work great. Not cumbersome to wear, good sound while also allowing you to not be completely cutoff from your surroundings, decent battery life, and easy to use. HOWEVER, they don't last long. They come apart after a year or so of use. I have to get new ones pretty frequently. I finally bought the $6 "protection plan" with the anticipation that this will happen. Not only that, but 2 of the pairs I have gotten do not turn on right out of the box. Why? I stuck this thing on the charger for 2 days, and it still doesn't turn on. It is too bad. When these headphones work, they are exactly what I need. But they are just not reliable enough for me to recommend anymore.
They dont seen to fit right
The protector did not adhere to the screen completely with a case which impeded the use of the touch screen. If it is used without a protective case it worked great.
the solar panel doesn't work it looks as if its charging but it is not. You must plug it in to the wall charger in order for it to be charged........
After using my mount for 5 months, the top section broke off the suction cup. While it was working, it was really hard for me at 5'2 to reach while belted in my driver seat. Very bummed I have to buy another phone holder.
Product did not stick anymore after 2 days.
Kind of small, doesnt look like what is pictured
Very pretty! Does not protect your phone. Ive had my phone for 3 years I get a new case every 6 months or so never had my screen cracked. And I have dropped in the past.
Buttons crack on inside of cover and slip off when buttons when trying to use them after a little while
I was very disappointed with this case, and just ordered a different one. The concept is great, but the slots on the back are too small to hold anything. Needs a redesign.
Many complaints about loud static during key up. Tried contact cleaner did not fix the problem too late to return.
I was hoping to use this on our recent trip to Disney World. I didn't want to have to carry around a large purse, but definitely knew I would want my phone. However, I didn't end up using this. The case felt cheap- and so did the strap. I didn't want something to break on me at the park, so I opted not to use it.
You get what you pay for.
The earphones came tight up, not in the box that the picture shows. They are very thin and doesn't have good sounds.
I've had the black silicone band for about 2 weeks was at the grocery store and felt my watch dangling, thank God I had a sweatshirt on to catch it. Pulled it out to find it had broken off on one end, can pop it back into place but a little wiggle and it breaks again.
The first pair ripped off when I took it off the phone . I'm in my second pair and it looks like if going to do the same thing
Read the reviews and thought I'd found a good replacement for my Samsung charger. But it didn't deliver a fast charge to either my S7 or T2 tablet. In fact my old Samsung charger, which is on its last leg, charged my devices faster! Was disappointed given the high ratings and reviews. Requested a refund.
Fit like a glove at a fraction of the price of otterbox's case but after 2 weeks it broke. Returning it already.
The phone was not unlocked as stated and I was not able to use with my carrier so it was useless to me. However i was able to return it and the seller gave full refund. Thank you seller.
Great concept. But does NOT work with my Samsung Galaxy Note 8 as far as the wireless charging....And the ONLY way it will sit in the cradle is if you do not have any type of case...Even the thinnest case..
Fell apart right away.
This was a beautiful band but after only a month of wear the clips on the band became very loose and would fall off. Was sad that it didn't last long.
Won't buy another one, ever.
The finish rubs off of the ring easy making it look cheap. Adhesion is pretty good though & it is comfortable to use.
This product is a couple of flimsy plastic sheets and some spray. It is difficult to do and not worth the effort. If all you are looking for is some scratch guard and you want to work for it then this is the product for you.
I was so excited to finally get this and switch out the stock band. Super cute but the clasps did not fit within the face of the 3 series watch.
Worked good for 5 months then the wire cable snapped.
Bought for iPhone 8+. It says it fits with case and it did not fit with a lifeproof case on it. Case is sturdy but didn't fit .
None of the cords lasted very long.
3D Touch doesn't really work you have to push the screen so hard it feels like it's going to break. The screen is ok at simple tasks but when you scroll through pictures or really anything it will barley register and act like you want to select it. It's hard to explain but it does not scroll well at all which is annoying. It is also not as high resolution as the original at all. Picture seems blurry. Very bad screen but hey at least it's not cracked.
This case was lose and and flimsy. Very cute but that's all. My daughter used it for a couple of days and then stopped because it also made the phone cumbersome to hold.
Didnt realize that it does not cover the entire screen. It's just a square and it doesnt cover the camera or microphone part. One picture shows it covers all of it and the next shows a small square. Really misleading showing two different screen protectors
I specifically picked these because they were listed as super durable. The first cord lasted 7 days....On the 2nd now....we'll see.Not durable
I thought this would be perfect but when I put my phone on speaker phone, thy can't hear anything I say! this phone case sucks for everyday use!
The problem is they didn't fit with the Otter box case sooo I had to return them otherwise I loved the color and they seemed durable!
to heavy for the vents keeps falling down
Dropped it once and the side shattered and now the phone can't be held in place
Product stop working in a few weeks
So I bought these on May 30 2019. Two of the three cords have already stopped working. I wouldn't recommend buying this product.
Charger door broke off after 1 week of use
This was disappointing. It didnt stay attached ti the phone, it kept popping off, is not case friendly and I wouldn't recommend it.
This battery doesn't charge the phone for a long period of time.
I'm really disappointed with this screen protector. I was excited at first and it went on super easy but after install, I have noticed that the sensitivity is way off, especially around the edges. Particularly edge letters 1, q, a, 0, ,p,l almost always don't type and I have to retype them several time. Both pieces of glass did it. One on my s9+ and my sons s8+ I am about ready to take them off and throw them away. Will not buy again.
Easy super easy to install doesnt last at all my screens just fell off have to order screens again obviously different ones
Only used for one card and it loosened so quick
Don't bother wasting your money they will only work for a few days until you have issues with it not working anymore
Stopped working after less than 10 times I charged my phone
Easiest phone protector I have ever put on.. it may help that it's not the first time, but the guide was amazing... mine went on great but my husband's I had to pull off and reapply because the black edge was too low and covered the time. It has also restricted some of my side viewing... after about a week a 1" rainbow like distortion appeared down the center of the screen.
Yellows, which is ok. But the plastic part cracked around the charging port.
The length is great but the cord doesn't fit charging port on phone well.
A lot of radio interference
I bought this adapter a year ago and I really like it however it recently died, at first it seemed to stop working with certain outlets but in reality the connection between the macbook connecting cord and the block started to fail and stopped working all together a few days later. it even shorted itself a bit when i tried unplugging and plugging back in resulting in a bit of smoke. It really is a shame because I enjoyed the charger a lot while it lasted, I much preferred this to the original mac charger but the mac charger did last longer.
Fits good.... But lots of rainbow effect... Too much reflection....Dust & finger print grabber.... Easily attracts dust...It is not Case friendly on edges...
Seems to protect well, feels nice, just wish it would stick a bit better. The first one would not stay applied. Kept peeling from the top no matter what I did. I figured it could be my error, so I removed and cleaned the screen very well with additional alcohol wipes. The second one has been on a few days, but is starting to peel from a different spot. I love the feel of the protector otherwise.
Takes too long to charge.
As others noted, there's terrible bubbling. The edges are prone to catching dirt...but it is $8 for a two-pack, so you do get what you pay for.
Just recieved mine last week. I was very surprised how good the sound quality is for budget wireless earbuds; however, everyone I talk with says the microphone makes me sound like a tinny robotic voice in a wind tunnel. Therefore, I can't recommend them. Too bad the microphone doesn't work.
First time I wore it the belt clip mount on the radio broke and I just bumped it. Sound quality ok at best. I have 1 that wont charge now. Cheaply made and not very durable. If you're going to wear this on your belt and hike or do anything that will put stress on the belt clip, I would NOT buy this radio!
Quality is terrible, too much static and noise. Is especially bad when connected to my computer and phone at the same time.
The case was visually appealing, and the colors were nice. The texture had a nice feeling it and it was smooth. However, the case is way thinner than it appears in the picture. I made sure to read the description and everything, which led me to believe it was different. When it arrived, I was shocked at how thin the case was.
Cute case but the ring on the back broke off the first day of use.
It fits the phone well, but got dirty within the first few days, and impossible to clean it. Won't buy again :(
Bought two of these now the second one has A broken screen just from being in my pocket
This is one of the worst screen protectors I've ever owned. At first I thought it was great because it went on really easy and there were not bubbles...until I realized why. The screen protectors only attaches to the phone around the edge. Now, every time I put my phone in my pocket, the screen protector pops off.
This is a great glass protector but it doesn't really provide much privacy. Would not recommend if you want ti to provide privacy on your phone.
I bought the case the end of January 22nd 2019 it is now April 8th and the case is leaking. And I am having a difficult time getting the off.
Not even a month of having it and now the defective battery is bloated. Only good for a week.
This replacement phone battery is not holding a charge like I had hoped. Needs more frequent charging and is not performing like the original battery in the cell phone. Quite disappointing as I can not rely on my phone as I had before.
Loved the camo.sadly the belt clip already broke and i have to buy a whole new case.
Very slim, cute phone case but it is very annoying that when I hold my phone on the left side of my face every tells me the phone is so muffled they cannot hear me.
Very inexpensive, also looks inexpensive
I just bought this and fell in love with it! The design is gorgeous BUT it hasn't even been a full 48 hrs that I've had it on my phone case and it popped right off. The adhesive is terrible. So disappointed that it won't adhere to my case anymore 😔 Not worth the purchase.
We ordered the first one and it was made upside down. We return that one and reordered another one and the second one was made the same way. It's made completely different than how they show it. It's built backwards.
Does not fit phone very well. It is a little loose and makes the screen less sensitive.
Cute but didn't fit very well on the phone.
This case is sleek and accents the phone well. I have had an issue 5 times now where the phone falls from a reasonable height onto its side and the rotating vibrate switch gets stuck down and won't turn anymore. I have had to request a replacement from customer service 5 times now. They have sent one each time, but its very inconvenient to go with out a phone case and to have to reach out for a replacement. Customer service also claims the issue is uncommon. I don't buy that, but I guess I understand why they wouldn't admit it.
Protects from scratches, very thin. My problem with it is it glossy and very slippery, not at all an improvement in grip compared to a naked phone.
Very cheaply made returned and purchased a better plastic one. Better picture and very sturdy
Worked for a few months then stopped
Was okay for about 2 months but then the Apple plug went out. I can still use the other port for a charger but sucks it didn't last long at all.
Broke after dropping once
I was expecting a protective cover that would provide cushioning as well as protection from scratches. This case offers zero cushioning.
Case works as intended. But screen protector is garbage. It only has adhesive around the edge so the sensitivity is hindered badly. I had to remove the screen protector after 2 hours of use.
Design started peeling within 3 weeks
It's stains and gets scratched easily
after several weeks of use one cable separated from from plug, also slower charging
Purchased for an 1100 mile trip back home. My Tom Tom died after 7 years. Bought this unit- refurbished. Used it for 2 weeks leading up to my return trip back north from Gulf Coast. It completely shut down and wouldn't boot up 4 days before we were to leave for home. Not enough time to get a replacement, so it looks like we will do it the old fashioned way.........paper maps and a yellow sharpie....... (did it in the 70s when my brain was 40 years younger.......so may end up in Alaska or worse......) Blame it on technology, not my aging grey matter.... On the positive side; Amazon's return policy is excellent and I am now shopping for a replacement unit- though not refurbished this time.
Material I think it's to hard broken very easily my charger cover is broken in the first 10 days
I got the watch and working fine. not in its box and not protected the right way even. The large strap was missing from my box as I needed the larger one as its a little bit tight instead they sent me a Black large strap which doesn't make sense. I called Amazon to complain and they told me to return it. I like that watch just send me the strap and then No return it or partial refund and also NO. It doesn't make sense. DON"T BUY amazon renewed products
I used these headphones 3-4 times a week and the sound quality was great. They really were waterproof as well, as they withstood some intense workouts. However, they lasted for about four months and then the left ear bud speaker died.
The sound quality is terrible. You need to be in complete silence to listen to an audio book, and max volume to even hear music while breathing heavy. The battery went dead after an hour and a half also!
These are too big for your ears even with the change of buds. They hurt.
As far as reception goes, this is the worst phone I've ever had. I'll be standing next to my friend who has full 4G service, and I have two bars if 3G. I constantly drop phone calls in areas where I never have before. Got a new SIM card from the Verizon store but it did not help. I will be buying a new phone very soon.
Screen cover did not fit. But case fit.
I had two sets of these. The first one worked for a couple of days and stopped connecting to the Garmin. I figured any cord can be defective so I returned it for a replacement. The replacement worked one day and stopped connecting to the Garmin. I'm returning the second set for a refund.
the description was very misleading and the manual was so small you could not read the letters
Got it for my girlfriend for Christmas because she loves this color, hoping it worked well. And it does she loves it and it's pretty cool. A little over two months, it's not working half the time. Not sure what happened to it. So much for durability :/
Skin texture allows for easy scratching. I scratched it with my nails while applying it
I must have received the last one of these, I see they're no longer available. Magnetic is weak, as is the charge rate, not something I'd buy again, nor recommend.
Item was advertised for the Pixel 3 but was actually for the 2016 Pixel 2.
Was nice at First I never had any issues taking the phone out of the case like other people but the metal on the side started coming off so when I reach in my pocket I'm stabbing my hand with the stupid metal part.
This product worked fine, however they failed to specify the series of the watch, this is the original Apple Watch the one before the series 1 so I felt it was a little deceiving and high priced for the old version it also died within about 8hrs after being fully charged. However I returned it and had no problems at all and received a full refund within a timely matter.
The case is too tight... it's so hard to remove the case once you put the case on. The material of the case is also not too good. The case gets dirty easily. It feels nice to use at the beginning, but after a few days, problems began to come in. I will not recommend this.
Im pretty sure there are other reviews of the same issue, so I'm just adding. Honestly that is the biggest issue with this, once I connect it, there is this delay in between on my phone(iPhone 7 Plus) to the headset and when I push play there is a pause before hearing the music. I thought I was going to get use to them, but lucky I found my old headset so this is going to the drawer.
Started to fall apart after like 3 months but do expect when it was only a few dollars
I cant give a review due to lateness in delivery and person left prior to receive the item as promised. I have been trying to return and since May 12 has an UPS scheduled Pick Up but to this day May 15 have not hear from UPS. Usually you get to print a label and take it to a UPS store, but I tried to take it and they said I needed a label from you. This really has been very inconvenient.
This phone dies randomly at 30% power. It looks fine with very few scratches. I didn't expect much for the price but I do wish it was more reliable.
Waste of money. For $50 more you can get what you really need and better quality.
May b Iight and thin but not durable at all. I have gone thru 2 screen protectors in 2 weeks of having this case bc it doesn't come up around the front of the phone.
Dropped my phone and this didn't protect at all not enough edge around the screen my whole screen shattered
This speaker is not worth buying. The lights are broken and the speaker is so low. And it takes literally all day to charge then it dies quickly. I guess you get what you pay for. I had my hopes high on this one.
Didn't do what I expected it to. Facebook or text did not work. Didn't stay synced very well. Not recommended unless you use it for a watch or buy a phone plan for it. Honestly you get what you pay for which isn't much.
Not thrilled with these. The prongs are smaller than normal plugs so anything they plug into, they fall right out. I have to tape one of them to my extension cord to keep it from slipping out. Kind of displeased.
Stopped working after a few days
Decent charge but the case is very cheap and will break within a month. Also charge decrease to the point where it only holds about 10% of ur phone.
The band is very functional as dar as the ekg goes. But the band doesnt fit right on the wrist and the piece that holds the extra band down keeps sliding and the band wont stay where it supposed to. The band fits so tight in the buckle it is a pain to try and adjust
I love spigen and their prices but, it's true, you get what you pay for. These scratch really easy! They feel awesome for a month and then that's that. They honestly shouldn't have 9H because they aren't! They're more like 6H
I really liked the product when I first received it. It has a slim profile and the color is quite nice. It is still a bit too slippery but I haven't had too much of a problem holding it. The main problem I have is that my daughter dropped it in the kitchen on a linoleum floor and my screen is shattered. I had the case on and a tempered glass screen protector. So I am giving this 2 stars because, although it looks nice, it did not do what it proclaims, which is to protect my phone when dropped. I would not purchase this again to protect my phone
The case seemed nice when I got it. It was a little hard snapping the case together and if you have to take it off for any reason it was worse. First I noticed the metal plate for the magnetic holder did stay on right. The case is just to rough for it to stay stuck to. Second the part of the case where you plug the charger into broke right off. I'm not even sure how it happened, but it did. Maybe it was just a fluke. I don't know. All I know is I wasn't happy. Although it was just $39.99 it's still money I spent. They are supposed to be rugged. Oh, well. At least they will take it back and refund me the money. Not sure if they are refunding shipping. I forgot if I paid to get it sooner or not.
Sound quality was great on my end but the headset picked up a lot of background noise for anyone on the other end of the call.
Okay protection, but looks cheap. Also the cover over charge port is annoying.
Does not cover the whole screen - slight gaps on side. Is this tempered glass? Feels like thin plastic - tapped lightly a metal teaspoon on one shield - and did not sound like any glass. And the dust remover is super strong - as I pulled away from phone after cleaning screen with wet wipe and lint cloth - was rewarded with bubbles on my J5 phone. I would suggest if you carefully clean the phone screen pass on using the dust remover sticky.
Too small for most cell phones
Tip falls off even when not in use.
The protective glass broke within 2 months and I am not very active so this should not have happened.
Have use this for a couple months now, I have only ever used this brand never had any problems until this case. Does not hold up well to everyday wear, it scratches very easily and looks so bad!
Had to press very hard to get touch to work. Wouldn't stay on phones
Not compatible with I phone plus. The stand can not support the weight of the phone.
This worked at first but now a message pops up that says this accessory is not supported by Apple devices. I have the latest update so that shouldn't be an issue. I'm giving it 2 stars because the part that works is the power port which is useless.
Worked pretty good for the first year, but then suddenly the mic crapped out. Also had intermittent issues with the sound coming out extremely muffled. It doesn't get heavy use (a few hours a shift 2-3 times a week at most) Gonna have to replace it now and won't be purchasing this one again.
I'm returning this item because the micro SD doesn't stay in, have to keep pushing it to hold it in place. Also once I zoom in, the zoom out button/function doesn't work.
The sound quality is fine and the price is good. What I don't understand is why you would want a headset that takes 2 hands to put on? You have to put it in your ear and hold it with one hand and use the other to put the soft clip on your earlobe. It's not terribly difficult. It's awkward and makes as much sense as a two-handed q-tip. No thank you.
a pain in the rear...wont work
So far doesn't have decent volume, sounds like the person calling had a sock in their mouth and they can hear everything including road noise that my car has little to none of... so its not any good at all. Have a replacement on the way, with little faith.
Battery would not last a full day without charging.. Great phone on graphics but slow processor on looking at everything
'tongs' too short if you have a deeper bezel around your air vent.
Edit: Nevermind the below review, it was premature. My unit worked the first day, and now the battery only holds a two minute charge. Took a chance with a cheap product with no reviews though. Original review: I needed a small fm transmitter like this, but my cars power outlet is broken. This one lets me charge it outside of the car, and use it on battery power while in the car. Works perfect(No longer does, see above), just need to find a dead channel in your area and keep the unit close too your radio.
worked great for a couple days had it installed by a local shop then it died so i returned it
The hard black rubber had a sharp edge all around where it meets the pink plastic. Not comfortable to hold because of this.
I love the headphone because its working, very dislike the fact it's started to strip it's color , letting it looks old and wrinkled. Very unhappy and dissatisfied and I pay so much for it..
Not satisfied with the cord. The silver insert into the phone broke. Not even a year old
I've had troubles with charging it and also plugging in an aux cord. The case isn't made correctly and pushes on both when charging or listening to music and either creates static or stops charging. The leather isn't real either.
Do not order. You will not receive the car charger. I tried to get a replacement order and they still didn't send the car charger. Returning both wireless chargers.
I wore this for about a week before the paint on the edge starting wearing off and after about a month it had turned completely sliver from black.
Doesn't provide much protection & the stand makes it wobbly when lying flat. It's very cute but too "girly" for me.
The case was great. Very attractive, sturdy and waterproof. All the buttons worked, the fingerprint reader was fine, but....not only was it waterproof, it was soundproof. It was hard for me to hear others and vice versa. I'm keeping the case in case I go to a pool or the beach or boating. It's worth it for high risk situations (especially if you and your friends hear well. I'm in my 70's and don't hear well, nor do my contemporaries, so, for me it's not for general use, but fisherman should find it handy and the case is easy to remove if you need to make a call on land.
Broke to 4 pcs within 2 months
Won't fully charge after only using it a few times
Unable to connect to the internet. Our carrier told us it looked like the antenna went out on it. It would cost a minimum $150 to repair, more than we paid for the phone. Warranty expired 15 days prior to malfunctioning (not being able to connect to the internet). Frustrating! Purchased a 2nd phone and the microphone and speaker did not work. Immediately returned the phone.
Screen stopped working and responding less than a month after using this screen
Had this case for less than a week and the screen protector got about a 2 inch crack in it when it got dropped. Then, the next day the holster clip came off. The phone didn't have any damage thankfully. But was really disappointed how this case didn't hold up at all.
The product was good when I got it bue after a month of use it start to break at the corners , it's okay but there is better products
Would have liked better if it had a protector on front instead of open space
I didn't like the rack that it wasn't wifi capable.
Does not work for BODYGUARDZ case. It's pops off very easily.
Not as pictured. The graphics on the back are very pixilated and blurry. Very disappointing. Structurally, the case seems fine so far.
The charger will not charge your phone if it has a case on it. The watch portion does not charge properly sometimes. I found that it worked decent for 3 months then started dying. I noticed it stopped charging my Apple Watch. It would Overheat it but not charge it. Then one day the light stopped working. I tried other cables thinking perhaps the cable just died, but it wouldn't turn back on. Expensive for something that only worked for three months. Love the idea and concept behind it, when it worked it would charge everything. I even took to on vacation to the Caribbean and it is nice to sit on your night stand without the need of all the different plugs or cables. If only it would actually work for more than a few months. Very disappointed, I will have to purchase elsewhere.
Product was dead on arrival. Sending it back to Amazon and hoping it was just a one time thing. As far as the physical device goes, super small and lightweight. I really hope my next one works and lasts a while.
Did not like the material. Very stiff. Also the strap lock is very hard to secure in place. You have to pull-up really hard to remove it.
Very poor quality. I'm a technician for a casino, walk on the casino floor a lot. I can barely hear it when some one called on the radio. When I'm in a quiet room, it works ok.
This phone after one year does not allow me talk on the phone without being on speaker mode.
The color was great and the card slot came in handy! HOWEVER, the case broke literally the following day after receiving it. "You get what you pay for." I won't buy another case from this seller.. or Amazon in general.
My phone keeps getting extremely hot... aim afraid to use it ..... Disappointed
Most of them stopped working within 2 months. The last of the 4 just quit after 6 months.
Not a fan of the slippery case. Would like more rubber gripping areas.
The screen turned purple and then black, it died within 6 months. Not worth it! Do not buy!
Return window closed 2 weeks ago now 3 of the cables aren't working
As described with one exception. The description when I purchased said that two of the colors would be hand wound and not on spools. All six that were delivered were on spools which was a nice surprise. Edit: Failed the test of time. Used to wire lights on a truck. After about six months one wire broke. While trying to fix the break I discovered that all of the wires had oxidized for about 6-10 inches from the connectors. Trying to strip these wires back I found no copper, just very oxidized wire that brought immediately. I would not recommend using this wire for any application that will be exposed to the elements.
Two of the cords didn't work
The case was okay, the tempered glass screen protector is the worst part - I've tried others on different iPhones before and never had a problem but this one bubbled and actually covered a good portion my hearing hole on my iPhone 8. It was so frustrating I took it off!
Only 2 of the 4 worked. The 3ft and 6ft worked. 1ft and 10ft were defective - did not waste the time on the return
I was out of town and missed the return window, but when I tried it on my phone it was just too big. I ordered the unit that was supposedly for my phone. So I guess I wasted my money on it. Don't waste yours.
I've ordered this product multiple times but I wasn't happy with this recent one I ordered. It doesn't charge my phone unless forcefully pushed in and falls out easily. Charging my phone requires me now checking very 5 minutes if it is still charging. I've only been using this cord for 1.5 weeks
Color was spot on. My son loved it! Not as durable as it looks. I'd say maybe midrange. Definitely could lose your phone if dropped hard enough. Plastic film was a waste. Didn't fit right and I don't know how it's going to keep anything from shattering. Disappointed.
Whether you have it hooked up via a lower power charger, a battery pack, or fast charger, it creates an irritatingly noticeable cracking/buzzing sound while charging and playing music Tested in 3 vehicles with multiple types of midi cables. It clearly needs more shielding to prevent interference. The aux input also sometimes doesn't auto switch the sound from phone to lightning output, so you have to unplug and re-plug it. For long roadtrips, I might still use it in a pinch, but only if it survives me taking it apart to create a better housing that blocks the power bleed over. Bottom line, try a different one.
For the watch part of the charger it's okay and will work for the most part but the part to charge the iPhone forget it. Once you can even find the spot where it charges, it disconnects after a minute so you're left with an Uncharged phone.
The design is great! Does not stay together. Design comes off easily and rubs off.
Yes, this product was easy to install but does that matter if it makes your touch screen stop working!! There are large bubbles all around the outside of the screen and it's because the curvature of the screen protector doesn't fit correctly on my series 4 - 40 mm Apple Watch. It is easy to install, I'll give it that.
This charger worked OK for about 12 months, then it became intermittent and eventually won't charge at all. It seems like the micro USB has an intermittent connection and has physically failed despite not being moved. Would not recommend to purchase this!
Not great! Looked great when I first got it but become discolored in less than a month. Also inside plastic rim broke and pieces near volume control broke off. This is with normal use and a few drops not like heavy duty handling like by a child. Outside plastic was also separating from inside plastic.
I bought these because there were 2 in the package and someone told me they were worth the investment. Well....my husbands fell off within a week and mine cracked within a week after I sat on it with the phone in my back pocket. I got the liquid glass instead and couldn't be happier...even accidently dropped the phone on its face and not even a scratch.
They are okay but there is a major issue where it kept disconnecting and reconnecting to my phone. I was simply walking with the phone in my pocket so it was only a few feet away. I know the phone isn't the issue because I tried it with another pair of headphones. Another annoying thing is that there are blue lights that continuously blink and almost illuminate the entire headphone. It is bright enough that when you are walking at night you can see the reflection of the light on your cheek. I didn't like that.
Bought because of usb ports for faster charging. All ports charge the same and have same output. Tried on two galaxy note 8s and no charging speed difference regardless of USB tried.
The color started peeling really bad after less than a week of using it, but it did do a good job of protecting my phone.
Very, very cheap and easy overpriced. The color and pattern began to fade and look old within a week or two. Someone asked me how long I've had it because it looks very tired. That was about a month ago. I've only had it since January. The magnet broke off too. While it looks adorable at first, please know the quality is very poor.
Had this product on my phone for only a few weeks and only dropped it once and it's broken. I'm not impressed with this purchase. But I'm glad it came in a two pack and kinda makes sense now.
Sound quality was pretty good, the battery life was alright (lasted about 4-6 hours of continuous use), my problem with it is that the charger (the box that holds the buds) stopped working after one use. I cannot charge my headphones anymore, therefore I have a useless pair of earbuds now. Im going to return them because of this, perhaps I will get a new set. UPDATE: The company emailed me promptly and said they would replace the case, I am currently sending the old one back and waiting for the new one. The customer service is actually pretty good, they were quick and nice. I will update this again when I have received the new case. UPDATE 2: Unfortunately the case I was sent had the same flaw as the previous one I bought, I was issued a refund already so now I have a useless pair of earbuds but they did refund me for it. Im going to be looking elsewhere as I have a friend with a different kind of earbud that seems to be working for them. It's unfortunate that it didnt work, I really liked the earbuds they had good sound quality for the price though the battery life was a little under what I was wanting.
It is not GSM , It did not work outside USA ... Samsung offices in Ghana and London didn't know how to help
The case is a very sloppy fit, The case should have been a lot smaller from top to bottom of phone. The fit from side to side was fine though.
This adapter works fine when charging the phone however, the headphones do not always work. I have to unplug the headphones from the adapter and plug them back in. This seems to work after a few tries. Also part of the adaptor is come apart. (see picture)
They fall out of your ears when working out!
Both cracked fairly quickly.
The wall charger works great, but the car charger doesn't work. Can you u please replace it?
Upon receiving this case, it was a lot more flimsy than expected, and it was partially transparent. Transparent enough that you could still see the bar code present on the back of the phone. So, looks wise I wasn't happy at all with this product. As far as durability goes, I'd give it a 0/5 if I could, but I'm stuck giving it a 1. I dropped my phone for the first time since putting this case on, and even though the case seems flimsy it still managed to crack. The drop was less than 2 feet high on a linoleum floor. I've never seen a case break so easily. After this experience, I have no plans of ever returning to this brand of case. I would not recommend it for anyone.
Screen protector cracked very easily. Much more than others I've used
Not full glue. Only glue around the black border. That means it'll most likely pop off if your case catches the corner of it.
Good looks but it won't protect your screen from cracking in a fall. The edges are not covered. My phone screen is in shambles after the first fall.
Did not work at all on my I Phone 8 plus. Wife using it for her Samsung.
Very disappointed. One of the side pieces popped off and I lost it within a few days. I kept using it without the one end until the other fell off and I lost that too.
Returned, actually too short (vertically) for my LG V20 with Ringke protector.
The product did not fit the J7 Sky Pro. the product was to narrow
Doesn't work very well
Rubber/plastic part had a very rough spot on it and felt very cheap. The Headphone jack becomes so recessed that any angled adapters no longer fit. The "Free Glass screen protector" cuts into the main screen by a mm, which is only annoying when looking directly at it. I can't tell how much the bottom covers so it's tolerable. I did appreciate the guide stickers as it allows for perfect placement, had no dust or air bubbles. When I first applied it there was an odd pattern to it but has since gone away. This case seems like it would do a good job of protecting my phone but I'll stick to a slimmer style. The USB C port was perfectly sized at least.
Whenever me and the boys go into a discord call I HAVE to switch to my old headset because the quality of the mic and audio is just horrible with these.
I used this on a few different vehicle with aux output. Has a slight noticeable whining noise when plugged. After a month or two of usage, I get a message in my iPhone 6s plus(a few months old brand new phone), I get a message that won't let me charge my phone. With aux plugged in or not, doesn't matter. I went with this, a bit more $ but I was hoping it would perform better. Not so happy as to when I first got it.
This looks like a great band for my husbands watch, seems like good quality but it did not come with the quick release pins which is super unfortunate
The screen protector is pretty good! It fits well and it feels nice to the touch....However, there are two lines going across the screen protector. I believe it's a defect in the glass and they are most certainly not bubbles.The two lines are pretty noticeable. I probably will be returning these
I don't understand the hype...thought this would do more. Not happy with it. Sent it back.
order new but received broken
Love the matte finish, but cracked it (corner) by dropping it within a month. It did protect my iPhone, however.
Won't adhere as advertised.
Does not stay attached to vents but magnet superior
I just don't have much luck with these screen protectors for my Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge phone. This is the 3rd one I've tried and and this one has large air bubbles in three of the corners and a small one in the forth. I try to push the air out and it just pops back. It's like there's no adhesive between the two surfaces. I had a Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Plus that they worked fine on. Photos Attached. Any advise?
Had to change my review from a 4 down to a 2-star review due to the fingerprint sensor going out on my device. I can no longer unlock the device using the fingerprint sensor.
The durability was 6 months only,
Screen protector was difficult to install. It also greatly decreased the touch sensitivity of my brand new phone. Will be getting a new screen protector asap.
I ordered the blue XS case and received a black XR case. Will try again!
These screen protectors don't last. I got a 2 pack to have a back up and in a months time I have had both fall off of my phone. They are not very case friendly and they break easily.
I had this case less than 2 weeks before it began to crack. My phone never fell from a distance onto a hard surface. I carry my phone in my purse or pocket.
The frame broke after less than a month!
I tried to cancel my order unsuccessfully within the hour because I realized that my 2012 Toyota Venza really has no good place recessed enough for this. I have tried it but it falls down
I do ubereats sometimes. For this battery case, it works. The pictures of post looks light. in fact, it thick and heavy. I used a 4000mAh battery case before, I didn't find some different of the both batteries storage. So I returned it.
Amazon refunded the purchase price because the edging on the flap peeled away. I have continued to use it but now the plastic which holds the phone in place has chipped off in the top left and bottom right. Bad quality at a very high price. Too bad. The design is OK.
She only used this for a few months and got another one.
Broke after 2 months . Cord no longer charges
It was great until it just stopped working. Didn't even use that many times
I purchased this charger pack in March for my husband. He commutes for work on public transit, so the pack was intended for "emergency use" meaning he did not use the pack daily. The pack was charged and utilized a handful of times. The pack has now stopped turning on and cannot be used. I attempted to contact the company, Tronsmart, but the phone number does not seem to be a legitimate business phone. It does not ring. I have attempted to now contact the company via email. I will see if I receive a response. I am disappointed how short lived this product was.
Product does not work with Otterbox Defender series case. First screen broke during installation. Second screen didn't get more then a second of testing for installation to discover is slightly too big.
It's ok ..... not really loud enough
Didn't work, I will try it on a different system and update when I've tried it.
Started to wear down after 2 weeks
Not responsive in several areas
Will not stay in contact with the edges of the screen.
got dirty way to quickly, and I can't clean it off
It's basic but I needed it for temporarily purposes.
The product seemed like it would be a good buy with all of the reviews but it did not work for me. Protector had trouble adhering to the screen. I chose to return and buy another type with full screen adhesive. If I had a case that could keep the protector from popping off I would've kept it.
I am very disappointed in this product. After only having it for about a week it got the ugly scuff marks on it. It's very poorly made and definitely not worth the price.
I've had this case for barely a month. During this time I have used the belt clip maybe 5 times. I went to clip it yesterday and it broke already!
The back of these come off so easy. The back with the battery are constantly falling off. I'm going to have to stop using them because I have a toddler and a dog and I can't risk them finding a loose battery all over the house.
Case looks good, however the clasp does NOT keep the cover closed with the phone installed, even without cards.
They look as pictured, but when I unplugged one, the plug stayed in my phone jack and could not be replaced. Frequently does not work for charging.
They hold the phone well enough (just barely). The picture on the website looks much more like a cat than the ones I received. Not worth sending back, they serve the purpose but they are disappointing to look at.
The sound on these is great and I love them freedom of the bluetooth, but I am having an issue with these charging. I charged them completely the first time and everything seemed fine. Every time after that the headphones only seem to charge 1/3 of the way according to the display on the iPhone 7 I am pairing them with. The indicators on each bud turn blue, but after about 1/2 hour of use I get the verbal low battery indicator and the headphones shut down after another 5 minutes.
The usb cable that came with the unit did not work. Also, the light is always on and very annoying. I don't think it's well designed overall. Extra star because it works.
This case is easy to install and it does keep the phone protected BUT the color faded very quickly. When I first got it, it was a very nice, very colorful royal blue. Now, after less than 2 months, there is no color left on the outside of the watch. The under-side of the case, which sits against my wrist all day, is still nice and blue. I am disappointed that this did not hold its color. Otherwise it is a good protective case.
Worked perfectly fine for about a month and a half then suddenly would not charge any battery (I have 3 I cycle through). Disappointed and a waste of money.
Don't buy this phone case. I have had it on my IphoneX for 3 days and it has scratched the back corner. The inside of the case is a hard plastic that does not have any padding/cushion. It also does not fit together very well, so it is loose and moves a little. This may be why it scratched too.
Does not hold my GPS level. Does for a little bit and slowly falls down. The ball is a tiny bit to small.
The photo does not actually represent them. They curl up like a spring and fit in a small case. I was really hoping for something that worked like a head band.
I purchased this to use for work in my home office, so I wouldn't have to have my cell phone right next to me (it is distracting). I set up the phone and found the features to be very useful! However, the call quality is extremely poor - I had clients telling me I was breaking up very badly and they couldn't hear me. I had to switch back to using my cell which renders the phone useless. So, a waste of money.
Belt clip broke off on second day
Was decent, but battery life brand new with full charge was less than an hour. Would drop calls every time and then wouldn't answer calls at all. Luckily was able to return it before my time was up. Not a good speaker at all.
If you want to use your phone on a sunny day while outside, or even in a bright room you are out of luck. The glare is AWFUL. I have an IPhone7 Plus, and I hate how dark this privacy protector makes my screen. It is supposed to keep others from snooping on my phone, but it keeps me from even snooping on my phone lol. Not to mention the first day I added this screen, I dropped my phone, and the screen cracked. Before I had this privacy screen, I had a clear screen protector. I dropped my phone hundreds of time without that particular screen protector cracking. So not only does this product prevent me from seeing my screen on a bright day, but I would also say it isn't that sturdy. Go with another brand.
Big bubbles that won't go away and doesn't adhere well to screen.
I wish he plastic casing was softer to cushion falls. Nothing rubbery to cushion falls
broke while putting on phone. never could get it fully on the phone.
Same problem as there is with most of these screen protectors for phones that have curved edges. The sides do not stick to the phone and dust gets under pretty fast, making the sides just look dirty.
I tried it, gave it s chance, but it just takes too long to charge my Samsung S8. It takes about 12 hours to do so, and charges it about 3 times. It takes about 40 hours to completely charge the power bank. But forget about using your phone while it's charging with it, it will actually still lose charge. Plus, in my opinion, it is cheap looking and the USB ports look like plastic toy quality, and that they would break after a while. I used to have another power bank that I lost and didn't have any problems, but it was discontinued, which is why I got this one, looking at other reviews mostly positive. I just don't think it does the job so I returned it and got another model.
How to use every item to try to clean this product and it does not come clean at all which is the only reason I'm giving it one star and that aspect other than that it's a very durable case
The band will not stay attached to the IONIC therefore I am afraid to wear it for fear of losing my IONIC fitbit.
I get it and try to use it and it says I need a SIM card for it and I look back at the box and their was no SIM card
Quite attracted to the product first hand. Quite suddenly the LCD screen went off and stayed off within the first three hours during the setup. I'm quite disappointed.
Will not work with mods
Wont charge, I have left it in sunlight for about a week now, not even a slight charge. It shows it is charging and will charge my phone slightly but not to any substantial extent. Disappointing.
These were good for just listening to music. I wouldn't recommend for working out or running.. the charging port is heavy and they constantly fell out of my ears.
Easily kinked and broken cord.
Battery is a little thicker than original do had to force the case together than seal y case where it didn't close properly, very hard to change, I had to take to the phone repair store
I was disappointed when I got this case and it was clear colored instead of black. There are not any pictures displayed in ad showing that it's off the black phone and/or stating that it's a clear case. I really don't like it
I liked that this was a hard shell case. Would definitely protect your phone, but it was just such a rough gritty glitter for a phone case. Felt like it was irritating my hand and would lose specs of glitter each day. I stopped using it and gave it to a friend.
Doesn't adhere well. Will be returning
They have not trapped anything yet
Poor fit! Would not buy again!
It's just for look. don't give any protection.
You get what you pay for on this one. The paint rubs off fairly easily and the sparkle on the back piece is some type of tape with strings. They were hanging off the case when I got it so I had to cut them off. If you drop the phone it protects the phone, but the hard plastic pieces immediately separate. Luckily there's a rubber piece on the inside protecting the phone also. I would by no means classify this as heavy duty or high impact, it's not that durable.
Not real impressed vol. Not near loud enough but other than that it was fine
Does not charge my phones fast: S10+ or galaxy 8. I'll try the 9 to see if it it works but this far not worth it.
The glitter is actually a sheet of paper that fits inside the clear case. I probably would never have ordered this if I had known.
Bought this a few years ago. Worked great at first, then 2 ports stopped working. Wasn't annoying enough to return under warranty. Then another port stopped, after the warranty ended. Then all stopped working. Seems like a common problem with this product, just a matter of time.
The screen came with several dead pixels. I've installed hundreds of screens and never had this problem before. The first time I try this company, I have e this problem. I had to replace the screen for my client with a different one and now I have to eat the cost of this screen, too.
This was the second screen I ordered, not from the same person and was defective. Was very disappointed, dark spot at the top right hand corner. Not my first time replacing screens.
The prongs did not hold onto the vents tight enough and on multiple occasions the entire mechanism with my phone flew off while I was driving. It was incredibly unsafe and disappointing, this product ended up in the trash.
Why Box received has seal split
The case is cool because of the glitter but it didn't protect my phone from damage.
they dont work with the phone
Woke up to a whole in my sheets as it overheated and burnt a hole.
I don't like this screen protector. It is too reflective, making it hard to see my screen. It doesn't allow for scanning of barcodes on the screen either. Tried it at the grocery store and the scanner couldn't read the screen. The film is also very dark, which doesn't look good on my white phone. Finally, the surface isn't perfectly smooth and has an uneven texture to it. It was easy to install, but that is the only thing I liked.
The product was not what I really hoped for. It holds moisture under the cover. That makes it hard to use the watch. I finally removed the cover. The plastic cover is noticeable once you put it on your watch.
Purchased June 1, 2018 to use my iPhone 4 as an iPod. Product worked great for about six months. Unfortunately even though it still charges and connects tightly to phone, the phone will not recognize or accept the charge!! Have submitted inquiry to Maxboost support, see if they answer. In the meantime looking for alternatives instead of tasing my money with this brand.
The battery is not working well, sometimes it turns off automatically.
I have used one cord twice, and the second time I already had to jiggle it and hold it a certain way to start charging. Do not waist your money
Purchased a new one but received a used one with a screen protector that is completely useless.
Save them money and get an mpow Bluetooth wireless headphone. It's like $16 and works 30x better. I had multiple people tell me it sounded like I was talking in a fish tank.
Wanted to like these bluetooth headphones. Pairs easily. Sound is good enough. The large mic weighs the right ear bud down causing it to fall out of your ear!!!
I ordered this because it specifically said it was for swimming. But the material included said it is not for swimming. It was hard to find the different features and the charger was difficult to keep attached. It was attractive and synched easily with my phone. I returned it since I needed it for swimming.
I have never, in 68 years, seen a more useless set of operating instructions called an operating manual. You might was well go down to your local and drink your way through the $30 purchase price and then come back and try to figure this out. A complete waste of time and...nothing on line, and nothing on You Tube. Have fun!!!!!!
I would not recommend !!! I've only had this for two months and now it's sometime charge and other times it doesn't . I am so disappointed.
The ring light I received today was defective. The soft tube phone holder that has a round screw to tighten the phone holder is too big & won't fit inside. I provided pictures. This is a huge disappointment as I waited 5 days to get this when I have Prime!!! And now that it's finally here it doesn't work 😑 Yes I'm upset. I'm not sure if I'll order another from this company.
The case is really thin and does not protect the phone. The first time I dropped it, the screen cracked. With previous cases, that were thicker, I didn't have this problem.
Very very slick. I am certain this device will be slipping out of my hands often. It's made out of hard smooth plastic without a any thought for grip!
Not easy to use and don't like single ear.
Would be a 1 star, but for the price it can get 2. Certain parts of the screen now (especially the top corners) I have to press 10 times as hard to get through the screen protector.
The case was pretty, but it shattered less than a month after buying it.
Item didn't hold up, broke after 2 months. Would not purchase again. Suction also didn't maintain.
The case itself looks like it will protect my Galaxy S9+ if dropped. However, the included screen protector scratched very easily the same day I applied it. This was just from being in my pocket. This is very annoying and interferes with viewing the screen. Also, the screen protector cannot be removed so I must find an entire replacement case. Also the color has started to fade and the rubber portion has already become discolored after only 10 days of use. Final verdict-the only possible pro is that the protection factor seems to be ok (cannot verify at this time), however with the screen protector scratching so easily, I find it hard to believe it would protect the phone if dropped.
I returned the first one because it didn't work. Not sure why, so I just asked for a replacement. Still doesn't work. I suspect the plug to the cigarette lighter is too short to make the metal-to-metal connection in my 2019 prius. It does connect in our older pickup truck. So will try another style.
Disappointed with this case. The colors are almost transparent. They aren't bright like the blue and purple case I bought for a samsung j7. I'd rather have that one. This case comes with flimsy plastic screen protector unlike the tempered glass one that comes with the j7. It can protect against scratches, but not much else. My fault I didn't read that part in the description. The power button is a little hard to push in the case, but overall the case is ok.
VERY SHORT BATTERY LIFE
I did not received de tolls to install de battery.
I got the black sparkly case. It's not nearly as sparkly as the photo. It has a cheap piece of paper inside the clear part with sparkles on it to make it sparkly. Very strange. Never seen anything like it and I have had many cases in my life. The case makes it very hard to press any of the buttons, and impossible to turn the silent button back and forth. It's doesnt seem like it would protect it very well if I did actually drop it. Overall I'm not too happy with my case and probably will only use it for a few days until i get a new one.
Not a fast charger, also not returnable.
Side buttons are now much harder to click, and camera cutout on the back is not a precise cut, there is about a mm of space left between the case and the camera module
Great price but bigger out from wall than what I am used to and gets warmer in use. Would try another brand next time.
Poor quality, Brock first day I put it on Note 8, not resistant ....
Gets alarmingly hot! Sent back the first one and had no problems obtaining a replacement.
I like the slim fit, which is why I am giving it 2 stars. However, the case is already cracked in the corner and has never been dropped or hit.
Ordered these about 3 months ago and now all of them don't work.
I used this mount on my mountain bike. It was a capable mount, had a decent grip and held the phone - until it didn't. The plastic clamp fixing it to the handlebar just broke in half. I live in California and store the bike indoors so cannot blame extreme temperatures, this is just poor product design and not the right material for the job. For the next mount, I will go for a metal clamp, less expensive than replacing a phone.
It took me a while to get most of the bubbles out. There are tiny bubbles still there but my fingers are sore from scraping the bubbles out. Plus, the edges don't cling to the side so it's easy to accidentally stick your fingernail or phone case right under the edge and lift the protector off. The alcohol prep pad was dry. I wouldn't buy again or recommend.
The case started fading about a week of having it and I dropped it one time and the case broke.
I bought it so i can take my calls handsfree but the mic is way down at the bottom and when you have to talk, you have to hold it with your hand and bring the mic close to your mouth so the other side can hear you clear. Sound quality is ok but still disappointed.
Got this with broken charger cables, so you have to hold the phone to get it charging. returning it to Amazon.
The instructions and cleaning kit were nice. It came with what you needed. The protector and method of application, not so much. It didn't cover my whole screen, spraying the phone screen to apply it was wet and not very fun. Especially when the end result was a case that didn't cover my whole screen. At least I got a new fancy microfiber cloth and some alcohol spray?
I'll give this product 2 stars because its a perfect fit. But what I dont like is that its says glass and its NOT!! its plastic and was cracked when I received my package. Im very disappointed because it kept reading the details before I purchased to make sure it said glass.
The charge input after a few charges will not work now as it can't be charged.
The back card closure is difficult to open. It is made of a thin cheap plastic and feels like it will break very soon. The rubber perimeter holds the phone fits well.
So it works, but it is sooooo flimsy. I'm glad I didn't get the taller one. If the wind blows, my camera is gunna die! The bottom leg extension bends like crazy. This thing feels soooo cheap. I wouldn't recommend it if u plan on using a tripod often. If you just need it for a yearly Xmas photo or something I guess it's fine. Also, the shutter button thing is a joke. The cord is so short u might as well just hold the camera yourself and take a selfie. And the mini tripod can't hold up the weight of a real camera, maybe a small cheap point and shoot
Build quality seemed good, but it kept popping out of the heater vent over bumps. I returned it.
I love the thought and concept of nomad but it doesn't stay together so I can't charge.
Buttons to hard to press, they protect, but its a little cheap plastic
My daughter loves her Bluetooth headphones. But only after 3 months of use her cable to connect the headphones to the computer have frayed in 2 places. She only uses the cable at school in the computer labs.
The splitter got stuck inside my phone was very scared thought was going to destroy my phone but I managed to take it out with a tweezers
Battery can only used for 1 hour.. is this normal?
Wore it to basketball and workout lasted 3 months max
Kickstand broke in the first week
The note 10 + comes with TWO factory installed screen protectors a rubbery one with the hole cut out and one that you can barely tell is on it. Once your remove these and re-read the fingerprint with the new screen protector installed it works perfectly. However, the screen protector is not cut to fit the phone properly... there are Little gaps at the corners and the black bars cover the screen. I would have kept it had it not been for that.
I bought this as a gift for my husband to put in his truck but the light wants to stay on, we have required it several times and nothing fixes all the problems. If you are looking for a new car stereo I would really do some research 1st
Just unboxed and the claims of this being like new are not really true. The front display has significant scratches in it. Will test battery life next but I already a bit hesitant about keeping this phone.
I disliked it, wouldn't stick
It was good for about 6 months then got really buggy and now is in an endless power on and off loop
Cracked down the middle in a week. Shame too , because it fit nice and looked good.
It was great or terrible
Screwed again...major problem. Found out too late. Won't work with phone...no speaker what good is it. I can't get it to communicate in any other language. Only Spanish. Let me warn all of Mexico THIS is an overpriced piece of Junk.
Couldn't even get them to fit in my ears comfortably. Very sad, I need to return
I specifically tried to find a charger for my LG 5 phone but this is not the one. It does not work with my phone. Very disappointing!
Nice case, but I can't use it. It does not fit my Samsung S6 Active. And it isn't returnable.
I liked how fast it charged my phone, but it completely stopped working after only 3 months. AND I didn't even use it as my primary charger. The car charger is still working- we'll see for how much longer....
Looks cool. Sucks Ass for reception.
Parts are too stiff for ease of installation. Device is rigid and one cannot swivel the phone in order to see better
The first one I bought broke within a week (water got inside I think). Misfit was great about replacing it, so I was pretty satisfied. However, I have had my replacement for about 7 months, and it died two days ago and I can't get it back. It has been reliable up until this point, and I have loved the look, functionality and overall features of this product. But I feel like for $100 (plus I bought interchangeable bands) it should last a little longer. I am not sure if water got in it or what. When I took it apart the little rubber gasket seems loose and like it is worn out or failing. Maybe they can come up with a way to better keep water out of the housing if they are going to advertise it as something you can swim with. Because that is what I did this past week, and now it is not functioning. I have had the shine and bought a Ray for my mom. Maybe it is time to move on to a more reliable product for me.
Worked great until they broke two weeks in.
Price great. Phone wobbles in holder because every telescopic piece has a bit of left/right play in it (channels to keep it straight, instead of good fit). So when I try to hold phone level at full extension, it teeters left and right... I'm not interested in having to take crooked shots. My previous stick had no play and longer extension. Also the little curly plug cord is stiff, seems cheap, and will surely die early, making the selfie stick useless. So I'll give these away and buy something solid.
It started failing a month after it went into operation. I've ordered a replacement and hopefully it does better this time around.
After a few weeks they start to fall off. Already went through 4
The bud breaks off from its seam on the right side. I remove it gently, yet it's happened to me twice. The fit, sound and battery life are great though.
One of the cords worked, but the other did not.
The two ends of the stylus came apart within weeks of use
I would consider a different company. This item looks cool and sits well in the ear. But it does have a staticky sound to it. You can hear it when your listening to music. Kinda annoying.
Awesome my son loves it but it has a minor crack on one of the remote control case but apart from that it's good
I got the package deal all Pyle radio 400 watt Amp and 4 speakers but it's a little cheap quality and the sound will not impressed you I will give it credit for the value because you cannot beat the price but do yourself a favor And spend some extra cash and buy something that good Quality and sounds Good
The problem with this product is throughout the night it momentarily loses the charging and then comes back making the watch make a ding noise as if you were just starting charging. This has been waking us up and I have only now discovered why.
I just want the other speaker sent to me please.
I bought this phone holder/charger for my husband's work truck. It holds the phone fine and there are no issues with the charger. The only problem is it moves around. It does not stay where you put it. So often times it falls and gets in the way of the cup holders and he is constantly having to pull it back up. (He drives a '19 Tundra)
The glass is very sturdy and protective but the edges are the only thing that is sticky on this product therefore wouldn't stay on the phone and made it have air pockets on the screen. Was hard to text and work my phone bc I had to push so hard on the screen bc of the protector wasn't fully on there bc it's only sticky on the edges. Waste of my money.
2 didn't work well . One sent beck , never got replaced 😩
Though the screen was easy to install, it did not cover the edge of the screen. Also it reduced the sensitivity of the screen. I unfortunately will be returning this product.
I wasn't too happy with the case. It was was difficult to take card out of slot holder & it started cracking
The coverage isn't from edge to edge and the responsiveness is decreased near the edge. It can be very frustrating. On the second one, the adhesive is damaged. The privacy does work.
I've had these for 2 months. They worked great at first but after a month it turned into a battle to connect via Bluetooth. I get lots of errors and sometimes they just will not connect. Also, the clarity started going downhill. The audio cuts out. The charge is good and the comfort is good but I'm pretty frustrated that I can't always connect.
Interface is buggy. Zooming out zooms in. Just isn't even as reliable as my first GPS back in 1996.
Memory Error message; that is the consistent message I been dealing with.
Bought this based on its advertised "fast charging" only to open it and realize it does not fast charge the Google Pixel 3XL
The suction cup wont stay very long on the inside of the windshield. Always found it on the seat or floor every morning or evening.
poor quality sound and doesn't charge. i guess i got what i paid for.
I'm sure it's ok. Wanted black. Ordered black. Received orange. Disappointed in color.
Product is not that great, I only ordered it cause it had 4 stars but this is not a 4 star product. It does not properly cover the entire screen and has adhesive only on the edges of the glass protector which makes the protector look cheap. I will have to purchase a different screen protector unfortunately. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.
I'm pretty sure when I first ordered the case, the page indicated it is compatible with the fingerprint unlock. I was terribly dismayed when I received the case the other day and noticed it wasn't working. I visited the product listing page again and believe it was updated to indicate that it is not compatible with the fingerprint login. It's also extremely tight. I needed to take the case off to pop in an external SD card and felt as if I was about to crack the phone in half.
Ended up returning it. My phone with and without the case (iPhone X) was too heavy and the mount would just face down. It's needs a way to tighten the grip on the ball and mount. I like the design though.
This was super easy to install and sticks like glue to my phone. The problem is the fact that I have lost touch sensitivity. It doesn't pick up any touch along the edges. I also have to hold my finger in place for a moment to even get it to register I am touching the screen. It is very frustrating. I lasted 3 days before I removed it.
Fits iPhone rx. Light. Useless due to very weak clip. Can't remove phone with one hand because the whole case slips off belt so easily. Make the clip work and improve a good pouch.
I have had them less than a month and 2 out of the 3 already don't work. The only reason the 3rd one is still working is because I just started using it after the last two stopped working.
Ends keep bubbling up. Won't stay completely smooth
I was impressed with how sparkly the case was! The case itself has held up quite well but the material that holds the phone in is horribly discolored. This is my 11 year old daughters phone and she takes very good care of it. These pictures are after t was cleaned with alcohol which cleaned nothing off of it... The sparkly part is still in good condition but the discolored part looks gross.
Can only hear through one speaker
I would of rather enjoyed the band without the "bling" because the bling makes it look cheap.
Won't hold my phone with its case on
I really liked this phone case, but I haven't even had it a week yet and my case broke! I tried to super glue it, but it isn't staying. Disappointed as I really liked this case and just put a new pop socket on it too. 😩
Only one worked and doesn't work sometimes
I'm sure this product is fine BUT it's a bit narrow... it doesn't cover the whole screen. It has been returned.
Maybe I didn't use a clean enough surface or something but these didn't stick. Had to return.
Received. 3 cords. Of those 3, 2 worked. They are made of durable material and are a nice length
Didn't work with the iPhone 7 plus
Got a notification as soon as I plugged it in saying that my device doesn't support its use. If it worked for my phone itd be pretty cool but it doesn't so I'm a lil salty
Started off fine, but quickly became difficult to use. Spend some more money and get an Apple approved product.
Received a damaged protector. One is okay but the other not so much. Likely not to buy from them again
The cord it's self is nice! It's durable but the piece that plugs into your phone has snapped off on all 3 of my cords and 2 of my husbands. I'm very disappointed with this purchase.
The neck massager suppose to be heated.I could not feel and heat/
My phone fell from a nightstand to a carpeted floor and got cracks already???
Bought this for my daughter and looked very pretty when first received but 2 weeks later the color began to fade. Not worth the buy.
It was not good working condition 😔
Very dull and bulky. Not even worth it for the cheap price. Useless.
I have an iPhone 7. For whatever reason it fits my phone well other than where the lock button is. It still works sometimes but it's annoying. The case is pretty though.
ive had it for 4 months know and my screen keeps messing up! it wont read my fingerprint and wont let me call or text anything!!
When I saw how the case is even with the screen, I ordered a better case. Now the screen is protected.
I've had my phone for 1.5 years and only 6 of those months were with this case. I had dropped my phone with a different case multiple times with no damage, but I've cracked my phone with this case twice...I've only dropped my phone with this case twice too. I do not recommend this product as it has no shock absorbance I'm the corners even if it looks like it does.
I loved this for about the first month. Shortly after purchase the cord that powers the wireless charging base started acting funny. It wouldn't stay plugged into the charging stand. Today the part that holds that cord in place fell out... not it's basically a paper weight.
The case is very cute, but it's very flimsy and does not cover all of the top and bottom.
As for me this case is bulky
I wanted to like this case but I just didn't. It didn't feel great in my hand and I honestly don't know why. It was just weird. But what made me stop using this case was that the camera wasn't protected. The area around the camera was flat so I had to be conscious of when I put my phone down so I wouldn't damage the camera on accident.
Looked promising when first arrived, but as I tried to put it on it broke. Was really disappointed it broke, because I really liked how it looked
I didn't like the bulk feeling and how the corners stick out.
Protected phone against water Completely muffles sound so can barely use to talk or listen
The case is nice, but the screen sits higher than the case does. Doesn't really provide protection. It's just merely a phone case.
This makes a beeping sound when it starts charging. But it also beeps when it stops. So when you don't have it PERFECTLY aligned, it beeps on/off all night long. Needless to say, it is irritating and you can't use it next to your desk and especially not next to your bedside.
This is a very thin protective case with a VERY thin bumper cover. Disappointed with purchase
One of the screen protectors have already cracked severely, and the phone wasn't dropped or anything. I'm not sure how it happened to my wife's phone as we bought the two pack one for each of us. So 50/50 at best
Easy to put on my phone, but then phone doesn't fit in case. It's just a little too big. So I'm using it until I get something that fits. And now it's cracking at all 4 corners.
The 9 pin for Apple products does not work. So disappointed
Way too much Anti glare effect.
I love Anker products and was excited for this product to arrive. It is as advertised with two glaring issues (at least for me). The weight is substantial. You'll notice this pack in your bag. There is no higher output for fast charging. I have a dual charger for my iPhone and Apple Watch. Even plugged in this can't support the charger.
I got this phone case less than two months ago, and the screen "protector" is already got cracks and scratches all over it. I am very disappointed.
I like it charges the phone very well but takes forever it takes an entire day to charge the phone wish it was a little faster
This band was really great straight out of the package, but within a week it started to show significant signs of wear, including the paint coming off and the silver showing through the rose gold color. Not happy about this as it makes the item appear very cheap.
This cable is not very durable. The micro-usb plug bent after a couple weeks.
One ear stop working the next day after I got it.
Works but not wide enough for the advertised lg v30.
Beautiful. But not practical enough to keep. The case makes headphone jack unusable, i don't like the ring placement. And although the ring is magnetic the center rhinestone stucks up, and because it is not flush it falls off dock. Wish this case could solve those issues and it would be a keeper.
the back separated from the frame in like 2 months
The stitching is coming apart after using it a week.
This case isn't so bad it has protection only around the phone but not the actual screen which I needed and it clearly stated it was shatter proof but doesn't cover the screen smh
I liked the breathability of the band but never stays on even when doing daily activities.
The cord only is of good quality, however, the plug-in pins that click into your charger port are Not sturdy. I've put to rest 2/3 charging cables in less then a month. I'm using the last one now and it's holding up well so far. The 1st charger stopped working completely. As for the 2nd charger, you have to keep your hand cuffed by the charging port to keep it stable order to charge. My advice, buy OEM or Belkin. All these off brand sellers who offer "good price & quantity deals", are really not good deals, as they never last. This was my second time purchasing "off brand chargers" and both times were a fail. I've learned my lesson.
I have a problems with connecting my USB cable and headphones- couldn't connect tight enough. The cut-outs in the case are not good enough.
dint work for me but i was too late to return it
Cracked in 2 days and would not stay on
this screen came off within minutes of placing it on the phone. The case I had the phone in was not compatible with screen protector.
I bought this and within a week I needed a jump start in my car. It completely fried out when the car was jumped. They sent me a second one and apparently if you try to change the name of the bluetooth connection(say to the name of your car) it will no longer be discoverable. Connectivity was often dicey as well. It would randomly drop or just fail to connect and the sound would often cut out even though the phone was less than 1 ft from the receiver.
The twisting to get the size you need for your cup holder is a hassle and has to be redone. Not sure if it can't keep the pressure to stay the size it tried to fit in cup holder, I'm not sure. I have a slim case on my xs max but I felt like I had to squeeze it really hard to get a click so phone would get mounted. Also, the button you have to click to release, the motor itself is slow. If those things do not bother you, it does hold your phone, it is made well, and it is not flimsy.
I loveeeeee this case it as my favorite flower on it but here's the problem it does not fit on my phone I have a s8+ that's a s8 that's not fair at all
The 2x bends the image, creating curves where there used to be straight lines. If the camera on your phone is crap quality, then these are for you. Otherwise, you'd have to be blind not to see the distortion and degradation of quality on a higher-end smartphone. I'll be returning these - the quality is far less than the seller would have you believe.
Love the design of the case. Very unhappy with the screen protector my whole screen protector is lifting and barely hanging on I need to replace the screen protector after having it on my device for 4 days.
Took over a week to arrive after I ordered. Doesn't fit screen correctly, leaves about 1/8 inch exposed on the sides. Instructions in poorly translated English, hard to follow.
Charger port hole and led light hole are not cut in the correct spot
Received item quickly and was easy to apply however after 3 days it started lifting. It isn't sticky at all now and is completely useless now. I wouldn't recommend this product.
Worked great for first 2-3 months. By month 4 the battery seemed to not be holding charge as well and now the push tab to lock the phone has broken off making it very difficult to lock my phone.
ITS SPARKLY!! Nowhere in the description did it say the silver was sparkly and I bought this for my son. SO DISAPPOINTED. (If you dont care about the sparkles it does fit the phone great)
Charger stops charging momentarily every few minutes for a while, making the phone ding to indicate it is charging when it starts again. Wife and I are both using these, on iphone 8's. It is seriously impacting out sleep if we don't turn our ringers off.
didn't work after two weeks. won't get another one
I didn't realize that the only thing that comes with it is a SHORT usb cable...and it doesn't fit my LG g6 plug...I am using it anyway, but not a fast charger!...it's probably me.
I like it seems sturdy and useful with few places for cards and coin pocket would be handy but the snap won't stay closed so I'll be returning it. I would not be comfortable using would always be worried it would open and lose cards, cash or phone.
This is very cheap and grips will peel off, will not repurchase
Case looks nice but the magnet is very loose and does not stick like other similar cases.
Application was fairly easy and was, indeed, bubble-free. However, the shaded border of the screen protector ends up covering parts of all sides of the screen, especially the corners of the screen, which are not actually rounded on the device (like on the 3), but are on the screen protector for some reason. This isn't simply a matter of having misaligned the screen protector, all 4 corners and all 4 sides appear to be partially covered/obscured.
I did like the slim fit. Not sure how well it performs against falls to protect the phone. But after only 2 days the ring became way to loose. It flips open by simply tilting the phone, so it gets in the way every 5 seconds when putting it in your pocket or bag or anywhere.
Not perfectly cut for the iPhone X notch; the glass protectors are incredibly easy to apply; directions are in broken english
Breaks just like all chargers... after 2 weeks no longer works.
Within 2 days that leather was all marked up and looked like it had been through a tornado. All I did was have it in my pocket, but the soft leather is too susceptible to marks and nicks making it look terrible way too quickly. Not happy with the product and wouldn't recommend it.
This is not the actual purple you get. This shows a dark almost lilac purple and the color i got is nothing like the picture. Very misleading. Bought this for my client, mother for a birthday present hope she's ok with it since it is not a ture purple like the picture is.
Didn't even get through a week.....
It's a decent case for its price tag. It was the second or third one that I have bought. However it is still not a great case. The little tabs on the back serve no purpose in Fallout rather easily and the kickstand seems pretty loose. Two cases in a row it has fallen out of both of them. I have no doubt that if I drop my phone that it will be okay but the construction on some of the other components of the case just seem to be rather cheap
Didn't work at all. Still a good idea.
Fits my galaxy s7, looks good but the sensitivity is awful. Took a decade just to type this.
These worked well for approximately 3 months. Then within the last 2 weeks 3 out of the 4 cables stopped working. Only one of them is slightly frayed and the other two have no visible damage, but they just won't charge my phone. Just out of the blue they stopped charging and I'm not sure what happened. Unfortunate because they are a good deal but they just don't last.
I understand the quick charge may have some exchanges particularly for fast surge charging but this item get's too hot. I am reluctant to use for fear of fire or overload of the outlet which can cause outage. From what I can tell the speed of charge is not faster than my current base that does not get extremely hot.
Cables strong, bend angle is very convenient but they charge EXTREMELY slowly. Unsure if mine are defective. Takes nearly 8 hours to charge my S8
It worked good for 2 months. After that it would only worked while connected to the charger. And then 6 months later it stopped working. Wasted money.
Looks great! But a eeek later it was completely scratched on the back and 4 month later it cracked after I let the phone slip down from my pocket and hit the floor. 1 fall and the case broke. No scratch resistance for day to day usage and not reliable on fall as a protective case should be.
This screen protector does not fit on the Pixel 2 correctly. It is slightly too big and because of the curved nature of the phone the edges of all four sides were raised. Within minutes of putting the cover on my phone a raised edge was pulled up and a whole corner of the protector was pulled up. It looks ridiculous and will not re-adhere to my phone. They are not worth returning but I will be ordering new protectors from a different company.
I had to return this band because one side of the band did not fit my watch. The quality was really nice other than it not fitting. The weight was good. The color was good and it shined nicely. I would have loved to keep it. Returning was easy and my refund came fast.
2 of these cords are great! The third has a port that is too short to fit into an Apple device to be able to charge. I was super disappointed to realize that there is no way to fix this by pulling it out of the casing. 2/3 cords are great, but I bought a pack of 3 hoping that all 3 would work :(
I have replaced many many screens in my day, and this one was about the worst I've encountered.
The product fits iPad nicely but unfortunately does not stand on a flat surface. The “feet” are slightly bubbled out on bottom which makes it impossible to stand it up. I purchased this type of case for my daughter to be able to stand it up.
Not at all durable. Flimsy plastic, broke and chipped while putting it on my phone for the first time.
Phone works great, but the case is crappy. It's super slick and basically make the phone slide right out of your hand. So now I have a broken phone about a month after I bought it.
I chose this model after reading the specs and due to customer reviews. I've had my headset for only about 2 months when the left side stopped working, then the right side stopped working. I've had my LG for about year when it finally kicked the bucket, so my expectations is a little high. Not sure if it was just a bad apple in the bunch but I'm very disappointed and still looking for a quality headset ;-(
This phone has a lot of quirky little problems that are irritating. To start with, have not been able to get it to work as a hot spot for other devices like I could with my Samsung. People say they can't hear what I saying sometimes. The wall paper on my screen shifts every now and then and I have to restart the phone to get it straight again. The screen went black when I was talking to someone recently and could not get it to come back. Could still hear the person but couldn't switch over to see texted pics she was sending or even end the call to start over. Finally came back on its own after about 5 minutes. So many little things that I can't remember all of them. Bottom line. I DON'T LIKE THE PHONE. Looking to see what I can replace it with.
I love how durable the case is. I had a spill going to work yesterday. The phone wound up on the sidewalk beside my battered body - and it was in fine shape. I'm not sold on the weight of the thing. I got it to replace an easily stained and bulky case I got when I purchased the phone. It's not as thick around the edges, but feels a lot heavier in total. It also has a texture on it that makes those holders pretty much impossible to use as well as providing virtually no visual interest. Lastly, the way it is built makes it very hard to use the buttons on the phone. I sometimes press and press to get any sort of response to volume changes (really embarrassing at times) or the power button.
I'm really disappointed. The glass is good quality but there's nothing about this this screen that is private. I've seen privacy screens and it didn't matter how far away I was I could see everything on my screen.
Hey mate The protector was cracked from the top and it was making noise also I could not even bring the notification tab down from that side. Bad experience
My window suction adapter broke for my Old Shark dashcam so I got this one as their customer rep suggested. Installation was not very pleasant if you have an electronic rear view mirror with wire attached to it. The problem with this mount holder was the fact that instead of just having 1 ball-joint like the suction cup adapter, this has 2 ball-joint sections, from the rear view mirror adapter to the "rotating piece" and then the adapter for the dashcam itself. It might not seem like much of a change, however, once you started driving you'd realized that every slight rumbling from the road no matter how little it seems, the dashcam would shake. On the highway, if you go over any tiny imperfection, gaps, or anything that's not smooth out completely, the dashcam would shake, badly. Now, this did not happen on my previous window suction cup adapter and I'm not just saying it base on visual from the car but I had taken the time to view the video clips of the drive to see how stable they were. I did check to see if everything has been tighten up properly before I come to this conclusion. It's simply not a good design compared to the 1 ball-joint only. I would return this and just get one similar to what I had before.
While putting it on your wrist the ball doesn't stay latched onto the hole it pops out so you have to hold it down.
I bought this case for my husband but he can't use it because it somehow blocks reception. The signal instantly drops from 5 bars to 2-3 bars depending on the area he's in. Please don't waste your money as I did.
Too big Plus if you leave it plugged in it continues to clean on and off. Once it's clean it shouldn't keep cycling on for cleaning when charging. As charging takes a lot longer than the cleaning
It didn't protect the phone and can only hold one card.
Gets dirty way to fast very flimsy
the end of the cable broke!
I was so excited to have a functional and pretty waterproof case to replace the bag device cover I'd been using. Sadly, the very 1st time I used it on the boat i dropped it, less than 3 feet, causing a huge crack and rendering it unusable. Waterproof maybe... Drop resistant? No! Waste of money.
After about 2 months of use, the charging port becomes worn down to the point that the power cord will easily fall out instead of staying in place.
The rubber material in front is tearing. Too bad, I really liked it at first. Made in China, of course.
Had it for two weeks and after removing cards and id from slot it crack. Very thin material.
Feels very cheap was not impressed. But for the money I guess your getting a deal of your on a budget
One side of the clasp doesn't like to stay in place and can be easily loosened I've had it fall off a couple times. Other than that it pinches a bit, but what can you say is metal. I've managed to force it closed so hopefully it won't fall off again. *Update* So it didn't stay closed ended up returning it for another hoping it was just a manufacture error. It was not. The second one wont stay on either. It will fall off randomly such as when I'm sleeping or while I'm at work sitting at a desk. Honestly I love the idea of this band since my wrists tend to swell it allows it to adjust but it's not worth fighting it to stay on. If you get one good luck.
Very thin but the area by the power switch unexpectedly got bent after 1 month. The feel of the case is average.
Low end protector with bad install. Could not clear the bubbles no matter what.
It won't work. They on and off sometimes thy work sometimes they don't.
I dropped it and the case broke where it closes. The close connection is not strong enough to hold a 24 inch drop but yet it was hard to open. What I did like is it held my cards perfectly.
Put it this way, you get what you pay for...
Glass itself is sturdy but the adhesive is only around the edges. It does not have any adhesive on the screen area itself! So if it slightly coming off, it would attract all the dust in the world, forcing it to come off.
These are awful. I have to push on something like 3 times before it registers. They are too thick or do not react well with the phone touchscreen.
Horrible quality. Only sticky around the edges. Didn't even last a week.
owned one of these for use with flip phone for years. It was snug fit for phone, very good quality and very durable for use while doing construction work. This one however, was bought for an iphone 6 and had far too much room for phone and stylus holder didn't last for a month. Purchased Otter Box instead
Spigen is a good company and I generally look for their products when purchasing accessories however this product was not the quality I am used to. I had this on my phone for about 6 weeks and it has now failed. I would look elsewhere if you're looking for something like this.
Belt clip broke within the first week. Case was good and tough but the belt clip was very weak.
I like the concept, but the magnet isn't strong enough to keep the band tight against the wrist. This causes the band to loosen slowly, until it either falls off or spins around on your wrist, making it unable to capture biometric information and requiring you to re-enter the unlock lock PIN. Maybe other brands would work better, but this one didn't work for me.
I have the chargers for less than a month and one by one they start to not work.
The sides of the glass would not lay down on the S7 screen. I tried both protectors in the package, and they both are lifting up on the edges. Returning this product.
never received it to review it
These are a little cheap. It started peeling off the sides of the screen, almost immediately. I decided to keep it on until it comes off completely to keep from being wasteful but it looks rough and dirty in the area that is coming off.
headphones don't hold charge for more than 2 hours of use. Description says "up to 5 hours" but I haven't been able to get more than 2 hours out of them.
Definitely didn't work any faster than a normal wall charger. The way the prongs are made, make it fall out of the outlet very easily. The only benefit is that it has 3 slots and that's it.
The ring piped off 2 days after putting on my phon. It surprised me because I only used it as a phone stand, and when I used it regularly it popped off on my finger.
Ordered these and for the most part they work as they are supposed to however I found the braiding on the cables to be a bit thin for my liking and the locking fins on the microUSB end fail very quickly getting stuck inside the housing. When this happens the cable just falls out of your phone. Bottom line is that almost all microUSB cables are poorly constructed on the microUSB side and these seem to fall into that category as well. From a connectivity point of view they are fine for both fast charging and data transfer just wish they were better on the microUSB end.
Too flimsy it wouldn't stay up. Even taking my case off my iPhone6 it struggled to hold up the phone.
I don't mind it, but wish I had chosen a black back for my phone. Very greatful for refund & quick replacement
I wanted it to work. But I had trouble with registering / setup and some usage.
I take special care of my electronics and this cable was no exception. No bends or twists. This cable suddenly stopped charging one day. Another brand (rated 4.3 stars here) failed within 7 months. The failure wasn't power surge related as I have expensive drives and a laptop still running off the surge protectors.
First 2 uses were great! Charged my phone super quick! Now I put my phone on to charge and it takes 6 hours to get to a full charge even with the battery pack being fully charged. Disappointing
I loved the color combination of the nite lite... just my sort of colors and always wanted to try a lifeproof case.. and sad to say will not be keeping it and will be my last probably. The case is extremely hard to completely put on and off and the “screen protector” on front makes phone unusable the screen becomes unresponsive and have to hit keys really hard to get it to work. Not to mention how cheaply made it feels.. my $10 case feels higher quality than this which is a major let down .
Broke only a few days after having them
I was happy when I first received the new charger. It was the desired length and charged like it should. A few days of having it and using it as I should, it started going out. You would have to move it a certain way to get it to charge. One morning I woke up before work and my phone wasn't charged because of the charger. I thought it was my phone but I plugged up my phone in my truck and it charged perfectly fine before work. When I got home I cleaned the charging hole with a paper clip because I thought it could be that. Still didn't help. I think this charger is just bad.
Card slots inside the case are slightly too narrow so it's very difficult to get cards in and out of the slots. The case itself is super cute, but it is not sturdy at all. It feels like cardboard with a layer of fabric over it.
This case discolored badly in the sides witching 2 weeks of normal/light use. Would not purchase again.
Not what I expected. Not very good quality in how's it built; seems very cheap. Sound is OK. If I had known what I was getting before purchasing, I wouldn't have bought it. I was looking for a construction type boom box, this is not it.
It took 6 covers to cover our 2 tablets, between cracks when received, scratches, and air bubbles when installed. We ended up paying for 4! We returned 4 but still payed for 4 to get 2 good protectors.
This band looks nice, but it always comes loose. i like a band that fits snuggly especially when working out. This is not for every day use.
Made from pliable material (I was expecting rigid glass cover). Made installation complicated, many bubbles even after second attempt. I Did like how they included a spray, applicator, and microfiber cloth however these seem unnecessary.
I think this is a great concept as our cell phones get dirty. But I didn't have good instructions on all the features of what was what and it also had kind of a radioactive smell to it. I ended up returning it because I wasn't sure what button was actually sanitizing and when it was done cleaning and such. It did light up on different settings but it was very unclear on what setting was what. I would advise the company to make it a little bit user friendly with more clear instructions.
Phone did not allow software updates. I had to return it after spending about 10 hours trying to get the problem fixed.
I ordered these in the 4 pack. The ring part is VERY stiff. I had purchased them for my mom. It was so stiff she had trouble turning it into position. I was concerned after I put it on her case because I tried rapidly twisting the ring to somewhat loosen it for her. It got so HOT it burned my finger. Not sure why it would get that hot but I definitely don't think that is safe. I would have returned but I am afraid when I remove it from her case it will pull the finish off, due to the fact you can see it lifted it thru the clear adhesion.
Sound is too fuzzy. I live in Houston, so I guess it's due to the urban area. I always end up turning it off because the fuzz distracts from what I'm listening too. I wish there was another Bluetooth hack other than this without ripping out the audio system and replacing it 😢
The case was nice but the glass fell off. It would nice for it to stick.
I bought the phone to save money from buying a Straight Talk phone at Wal-Mart or something. Plus I liked that it was gold. They had everything to activate the phone with Straight Talk. I got the phone activated fine, but I had no mobile network. Did the typical turn the phone off and on. Didn't work. I called Straight Talk, and they had me check the network mode in the settings, and found out my network mode was wrong. It couldn't be changed though. It had the option for the mode I needed but wouldn't let me select it. I then contacted Verizon, since it's a Verizon phone. They couldn't figure out what was wrong, they thought maybe my phone was locked and I should contact Samsung. I contacted Samsung and they told me they don't lock their phones and suggested I should probably just return the phone. Samsung thought maybe the phone was "blacklisted" as lost/stolen and that was the whole issue. I spent 2 days trying to figure all this out, just to return it, and never got a clear answer of what was even wrong. Giving 2 stars because returning the product was absolutely no problem at all. The seller is very responsive, and everything went as it should.
Still out of juice by 3pm everyday
It did not fit my LG Stylo 2 plus cell phone as it said it would. Was too small.
The case itself is nice, but the bottom near the charging port doesn't conform to the phone, it's sagging.
VERY disappointed as it's coming apart and fading!
The case does keep water out but man oh man it is defective in the same spot. They sent me a replacement and the same issue occurred. The thin plastic covering the flash on the iPhone just basically peeled open and rendered the water proof useless. Even after a second chance the case did the same thing. The rest is fine if you don't like waterproof.
The charger that came with it will not charge the ears buds
The case that holds the phone has held up fine so far. That being said after using it for only 3 months and never intentionally rotating the belt clip it pretty much spins at the slightest touch or bump. The plastic ratchet that is supposed to keep it from rotating has begun to disintegrate.
Does not fit even though it was described to fit. (2000 GMC Sierra 1500)
Clear when arrived but then turned ugly, dingy, yellowish color over time.
Really liked it, the feel the grip, color, everything about it. However the bottom is very thin and what I thought would happen, happened.... it ripped!
The “wet” wipes were all dried out and the directions were not very clear.
I have this camera for a few months now and have found it to be temperamental, recording sometimes and not recording other times. The one time I needed some video of something it wasn't there even though at the time of the incident I looked at the screen to confirm it was recording. The fact that once the memory card is full you have to either format it or take it to your PC to delete the videos is frustrating. Camera locks up sometimes, seems to have a mind of its own. I agree with others the clarity of the video is great but considering all the other issues I would look elsewhere. Spend a few more dollars and buy a better quality camera. Your legal life might depend on it.
Does NOT fit Bose wireless buds unlike most reviews. Opening is far too small and does not bend to fit cord. Broke one trying to get it to fit so cannot return.
First off they came super fast so props even there! I struggled with paring them cause only one would pair so I Had to watch a YouTube video on how to do it! Once I figured it out I charged it all night and they died by the middle of the day! The battery life sucks!!!!! They don't even get very loud! With the volume all the way up I can still hear noises around me! But for the price it isn't bad. I'm not gonna return them but I am gonna just go ahead and purchase the reg Apple head phones
Great for what it's supposed to do, however, the sleep/wake button is extremely hard to press down and the removal process of the case of rather annoying and difficult. In addition, DO NOT buy this case if you're looking to use a phone skin on your device. This product will ruin the skin because of how hard it is to put on the case. Would only recommend to those who don't care about a hard clicking sleep button and who don't run a skin. Otherwise, just wait for the new Dbrand grip case.
When I took them out of the box the plastic that covered the adhesive back didn't cover the entire area. Thus, when I placed it on my phone it left a visible ring around it. Also I have to push very hard on the screen for the phone to sense it.
Case is very grippy, but that's also why I have it 2 stars. It's very tough to put the phone in your pocket with this case on. When you take your phone out of your pocket, it's covered in lint.
This is light and cute case but unfortunately got cracked after the very first drop. I got this to protect my iPhone and not just for the look.
Doesn't look like the image provided, it ripped fast and lasted my about a week..
You cant bend this cords as soon as you bend it will not work.
All great, but lifts up on the edges on a brand new phone with zero grease, dirt, etc....
broke within 1 month
I didn't care about the softness of the product, I was looking for something to protect the screen but this isn't it. It's rubber and very flimsy
Broke after a few weeks. Wouldn't buy it again
The case looks very nice and well made but it has absorbed my cloths' colors after just one time use and looks very old now.
I purchased this for my mountain bike and ride on fire road trails. However, when I installed this device, I noticed it didn't support the phone from moving forwards and backwards without hitting against other bike components. It defiantly will hold the phone in place. However, if you encounter mild terrain, then the phone will bump anything towards the front or back. I didn't feel comfortable risking my expensive phone to repeated abuse.
Average fit, but the colors are reversed compared to the red and blue joycons on the switch. Overall not that happy, but it works.
I had the Dreem version of this case for over a year. Loved it. This Amazon knockoff had what looked like a couple years of normal wear and tear after a few weeks. They replaced it, and the hard case cracked and tore off. I'm not too hard on my phones. I don't think I dropped them. They just suck.
Horrible. It dropped while I was working out of my pocket and I'm not a very tall person. It chipped and broke off in the corner imagine if it fell off a higher place.
Didnt fit my bars as described, went a different route.
Easy installation and privacy works, but it loses sensitivity especially near the edges. You have to press really hard.
I purchased this back in 2017 and it worked great. Until recently, the QC port begin to malfunction. At first, my phone does not use fast charging anymore, just normal charge. I tried it with another charger and it uses quick charge. Didn't care much about it until yesterday, where the QC port just stop working. I expect Anker's product to last longer than this
Would have been perfect but wouldn't work with the free style sensors I'm diabetic
This case's clip broke on 2 separate occasions. They processed the return with no issues, which is why I'm giving them 2 stars. But the case snapped in the same location (where it connects to the belt clip) both times I received it. Do not recommend. Went with a otter box instead which works much better!
The phone case was perfect but the glass screen protector was cracked
I bought this case for the raised edges, as screen protection is important for me. This case does have nice raised edges around the camera and fingerprint scanner, but when it comes to the screen - almost no raised edge. I have the glass screen protector from the One Plus website, and when i hold the phone, it feels like the screen/screen protector rises above the edges of the case. Really unfortunate because i chose to buy this case over others because of the raised edges. Disappointing.
charges, but if your device is 100% charged already, it will turn off and in my case when the weather is cold out, the iPhone battery drains during the night. So you have to keep pressing the button so that it maintains the charging motive. stupid design they call smart.. :-(
I brought this product after doing extensive research. However when I dropped my phone the protective glass screen cover chipped & cracked. I will just spend the extra few dollars on Otter Box.
I had high expectations about this charger. I already have four wireless chargers so I already know what to expect from another wireless charger. From the product description, this should be the fast charger I am seeking for my iPhoneX. First off, when I received it, the packaging was very plain in a brown box. No problem here as I know it's about the value and packaging is going to be thrown away anyway. Secondly, I swapped out my Kroma wireless charger with this one. I actually have a RavPower and Anker wireless charger in the house as well. When I place my phone on the charger I look at my screen to see if it's actually charging. After the first night, I woke up with my phone still at 60% of power. WTH??? I gave it the benefit of the doubt so I tried again and the same thing happened. I swapped out the AC/USB connector and the cables and the charge rate was either nothing or negative but the phone still indicated that it was being charged. I contacted the seller directly and they asked me a few questions like do I use a case, what kind of phone I have, do I have a metal plate (for car mounting), etc... I answered very awkwardly because there was no easy way to reply except asking another question on the order page on Amazon.com. So I answer the questions then they say, try charging the phone without the cover and plate. I did and I still have the same results. Then I tried to let them know that I still cannot charge my phone after and I run into a virtual wall in communicating with them through Amazon. There was no easy way to get in touch with them! All of the communication from them was via e-mail with no way of replying in e-mail! I've been doing this quite a bit and I'm an Amazon Prime original member so Amazon.com has done well for me. I just submitted a return request because my iPhone X with the case and the plate did charge properly with ALL of my other wireless chargers. Thus, regardless if this worked with or without the case or not, I'm not going to use it if I have to remove the case every time I want to charge it. I'm just going to return this. I don't want an exchange now. I do not want an exchange simply because I have used similar products and know how this should work. The seller tried to help me but I'm just not happy with this and I'm not going to give it a second chance considering that I had such a difficult time communicating with them and I truly did not get a sense of sincerity. I may be harsh on this review but with all of the competition out there with the same products, these sellers/suppliers needs to get it right and act fast if they want a believer in their product. I've had other companies send me an exchange on the same day with no questions asked. I'm hoping I'm the only one out of all of these 5 star reviews who got the fail. I can truly question now, are all of these reviews real or not?
It didn't last long it broke very easily.
I bought these for my husband and I for our trip to Italy. We took a great number of photos on our phones which drained our batteries. I bought these specifically to recharge the phones while traveling in unfamiliar cities to be able to access directions, find restaurants, hotels, etc. These took a very long time to charge a very small amount, leaving us unable to access the internet due to insufficient battery. Although quite portable, I did not find these to be as helpful as I had hoped.
This case is okay if you just want a back cover for your phone and nothing else. No protection what so ever. But it looks good when you get it. But now I have had it for a couple weeks and it has black scrapes all around the edges. Its weird because I haven't dropped it at all. I like protection for my phone so this case just is not for this girl! Thanks so much for reading my honest review....
The one I got was not glass it was plastic.
I installed this dash cam in my midsize sedan 12 months ago and it still works. The main complaint from me is its short internal battery life that would often cause the camera not to start up automatically in video recording mode but stuck in the initial storage format screen waiting for user input. Because there's no GPS, the time could be off also due to battery being discharged. When you are driving the car thinking the camera was recording but to find out later that it was actually waiting for user input was frustrating. It could also potentially create a false sense of security in case of true emergency because camera may not be recording. To avoid the battery from draining completely, I have to drive my car once a day, which is not always practical on weekends. Overall, the front video quality and the display viewing angle are quite good comparing to my other dash cam. However, the rear video has zero night vision and its cable was almost too short for my midsize sedan. If you are road warrior in small car with daily day driving, this camera may work for you.
It darkens your screen to point it makes things appear blurry
Pass on this one if button pushing is important to you... It will be returned...
the achilles heel of this item is the rubber at the neck of the thing. It's broken twice on me. It's where I put stress as I use it. I'm done with the stretchy rubber around my neck. it breaks too soon and too easily.
Didn't fit all the around my phone
This is a very nice looking case for the Samsung S9. My issue is the case is way too slippery. It has no sort of grip and it has fallen out of my hands a few times. I would not recommend this case. I will have to purchase one with more grip.
Nice phone that lasted just over 30 days. Just past the warranty it now shuts off and when you restart it has a boot error. Looked nice but poor quality.
They didnt last long
2 of the cables arrived not working. I am so frustrated ordering cables from amazon now. This is my 4th batch in 2 weeks where they die immediately. Shitty.
The arm on this holder is too weak to hold my iPhone XS Max
Finger ring fell off after a week. Made very cheap.
It covers up more than half of the silent button! Because of how the case cover is so close to the screen, it's even hard to click things close to the edge because the case gets in the way. I don't think this was made for iPhone 6. The whole thing fits just slightly off
For listening to music they work well. For making phone calls, only 1 ear bud works. Battery life is not very good. Battery last less than 2 hours before needing to be charged. Multiple times it's died during my workouts.
The charge the phone but it takes for ever to charge! I did a test with an Iphone original and this one and this plug takes much, much longer to charge. No good quality!
this product worked ok, sound was ok, but I had to turn radio all the way up to hear songs, calls seem to be ok, very hard to find volume buttons on the device, screen died out so you can not see the screen anymore.
The 10 ft one is not quick charging. If I'm on the phone at the same time it is plugged in, my phone battery just goes down slower than without it plugged in. 6ft isn't rapid, but it does slowly charge. Haven't tried the 3ft one yet.
The case is sleek and great to hold, but it's not durable. I have bought this case twice now, and the case cracks and breaks within months of use. First case broke in less than 2 months. Second case has multiple cracks after ~4 months of use. Disappointed.
I got this for less than 4 months and it's already fell out from my new car dashboard.
I love the way this case looks & feels-it's thin so you can barely tell there's a case on! However, after having it on my phone for only a few weeks, part of the case has already broke :( It is really cheap material & will not last long
It just straight up stopped working after about a week or two. Couldn't use the mic button anymore.
This phone case sucks. I mean, it doesn't look too bad but it has no real protection against the ground. As someone who works with cars, this does protect when the phone falls out of your pocket.
Haven't even had it for a year yet and it's falling apart. Horrible quality.
Just used this for 5 weeks and spring become loose, I'm afraid to loose my phone someday.
Bought in nov. quit working in March.
I really like these screen protectors. I was skeptical at first applying this to my phone. I'm a perfectionist and I had to hurry and leave to work. Surprisingly I got it perfect the first try. It comes with a dust cloth and a wet wipe. There were no air bubble and the protector is super thick. I would recommend these to anyone! Thank you!
The rose gold starts to rub off with in a week of using it...
When I got this I needed to call to activate due to my computer not working. I was on hold for 17 minutes when I finally got mad and hung up. I would absolutely suggest not calling the hotline number. Make sure you have access to a computer/smartphone
Charge Port cover is broken with less than 4 months of use.
Power supply not working with Samsung DeX station but charging Note 8.
Product worked well at first, we used it in the car to connect an iPhone and Samsung Galaxy for Apple Carplay and Android Auto without having to fumble with switching adapters, but after a few uses, the Lightning Connector (iPhone) became loose and stopped working.
This battery technically works, but the charge actually lasts for a shorter period of time than the original I was replacing. It does work, but now I'm looking for another battery that might last longer. It's already installed and I've disposed of the original, so I'm not returning it. Kinda disappointed.
I loved this case when I got it; it is a great size for my iPhone Xs Max in a case and I liked the zippered compartment and pen holder. Unfortunately, like all the cases of this kind I've tried before, the belt loop pulled away from the case on the top edge. This one lasted only four months.. I tried super glue, hoping I could get a little more use from it, but it didn't hold. I almost decided to order another one since I truly liked the style, but instead am trying a different type to see if it holds up a bit longer.
Quality fine leather, rubber tray fits my Samsung Note 8 snugly, but case overall appears delicate. Also major problem: as another reviewer noted, cut out on back of case is a bit too small around fingerprint reader. Thus, I had problems getting either of my fingers aligned with reader to unlock my phone. I had to fiddle with it to successfully fingerprint unlock my phone, but I do not want to do that 300 times a day. I returned the case. Also, on back of case, there is a raised vertical seam that runs along entire length of spine, with a parallel vertical stitch. My fingers would constantly catch on that raised seam when handling the phone -- so I wonder if that seam will start to separate, or lift up, making it kind of ugly. Front button closure is a magnet, not a snap like you find on clothing so that's good. I returned case and am using a Zizo Bolt plastic case -- not elegant like leather but very rugged.
Not soft enough, too slippery
Unstable, phone would never stay still.
Giving it 2 stars because it looks beautiful compared to all others of this kind of charger. I bought 2, tried them 2 nights, and am now returning them (if possible). The bad part: they take forever to charge. It went anywhere between 75 and 92% overnight (7-8 hours). I knew this type of charger would take longer than the regular methods, but that's WAY to slow, if I can't get my phone charged 100% overnight then it will be no good for any other use. Also, if you're thinking of keeping this on your nightstand for overnight charging, keep in mind it's SUPER bright (blue). I had to cover it with a tshirt because it wouldn't let me sleep.
The charging portion that plugs into the phone broke Off thereby rendering it impossible for me to charge my phone without using a cable to plug into the USB port of the phone and then connecting to the charger. it holds a charge great but. Ow i have to ensure i have a cable with me at all times to be able to charge my phone when needed. 🤬. Thank you.
This thing is a pain. It auto answers although auto answer is disabled on my phones. It also auto answers my second phone while I'm on a call on the first phone. I would not recommend it to anyone. It's okay if you have only one phone connected.
I bought this and put it on 2 days after I bought my Galaxy S 9. I immediately noticed a reduced sensitivity on my touch screen. It was suddenly much harder to type, especially on the edge screen. It also collected dust and dirt under the sides. After having it on for 2 days, I dropped my phone from about 2.5 feet onto pavement and it immediately shattered. My last tempered glass case lasted 2 years, probably handled 100 drops, and never even cracked. This is not worth the money.
Card holder closure seemed super flimsy. Case over all was way more bulky then I expected. Decided I was going to return in within 5 min of having it on my phone
I loved this for the first couple months, and used it regularly with no issues. I purchased in September- it is now December and I can barely get a full charge out of it once for my iPhone. Super disappointed. Now I can't return it, and I'm stuck with something that will barely help.
I was sent the wrong color
It works OK if you have one source device. However, I already had another brand and bought this because the listing says it supports multipoint. It doesn't seem to. Nothing in the instructions and it won't work. It pairs with both my devices but not at the same time.
I loved it, wore it every day. Until it fell off my wrist yesterday. A pin broke on one of the end pieces. So, $10 for 4 months. I would have given it 4 stars if it had been at least one dollar a month. Still, it looks quite good.
It does not come prepared for the front camera.
One of five cords were bad. Would not charge at all straight out of the bag upon delivery. Cannot speak on longevity since I'm sending it back.
this was very easy to install but after a week it started coming off and wouldn't stay on
Band is cheap looking and doesn't buckel right.
Worked great for the first two weeks and now it won't charge my phone! 😒
The bottom seal stopped connecting properly immediately. I also have to take it apart (which is not easy) every day to wick out some water that gets pulled in under the screen protector. No wonder it's half the price of Lifeproof that I'll end up having to buy anyway
There is no way around it, air gets under edges of glass. Don't waste your money
Owned it for not even a year and that adjustable plastic roller thing in the front for stairs broke. I would not recommend this item.
It last two months only
One of the earbud lasts no more than 40 minute fully charged and the other one 90 minutes at the most. The 12 hour post is a fake
Had this cable for about a week and it was great ! So impressed on how fast it charged my phone, and loved the look. Unfortunately two days ago the lightning part of the charger broke off in my phone! Very disappointed . Never had a charger do that to me before.
This product looks like the picture and is very beautiful, however the sticky part that sticks to the phone is not sticky. It falls right off. Two stars only because it looks great, but it doesn't work at all!
The won't stay on when I work out
Cute item but mine fell off the phone after 1 month.
Excellent fit around the ear and very comfortable. However, sound quality is extremely poor. I guess I'll have to keep looking.
The free lifetime map update is not available because Garmin changed the firmware and software. The representative was very happy to offer the purchase of a firmware and software policy. This solution makes the free lifetime map update useless.
These are adorable, no doubt. They look GREAT. However, for me they just didn't work. They are stuck to the back of the phone / phone case with an adhesive. I thought this adhesive would be strong, but it wasn't strong enough. The metal ring is supposed to be able to turn all the way around for different positioning. It was SO hard to turn that the entire thing popped off of my phone very time I tried to turn it. I can't use it if I can't turn it, and I can't turn it if it won't stay stuck to my phone. Sent back for a refund. Kind of disappointed, because like I said, they were really cute.
Kept falling off. Expecting better magnesium.
The fact that I had them for 5 mins and one of the speakers fell out so easily is sad to me.
This screen works but you lose both 3D touch and the fingerprint censor.
The case fit and functions fine, but in less than 2 weeks it is discolored and un-cleanable. Disappointing...
This cord worked great for about 6 months, then died. No visible damage, but my phone stopped recognizing it as a certified charger. I feel it should work for longer than 6 months. Very disappointed.
Very unresponsive to touch inputs.
They worked for a month now none of them work
I had to return the headphones. I could hear people very well, but they could only hear me speaking in a muffled tone. Also couldn't hear YouTube or my playlist.
It fit and looks like it would protect well. Although it looks cheap, and I thought I was buying a clear case. The corners are black.
Took a chance on this by suggestion of a friend. This tempered glass for my phone has been great! It was easy to apply! I have dropped my phone a couple times since I placed the product on there and it has really protected my phone. Awesome product, I would definitely buy it again!
It was easy to install but it keeps making a clicking sound when I press on it and I have to press the screen pretty hard to get any kind of response through the screen protectors.
Product says 2 pack, came with only 1.
When I was looking for a 1ft USB C to lightning this is only one available and wasn't cheap it was expensive. I find USB c connection is very stiff and it's very had to pull it out from the charger. I really cannot recommend this cable to anyone.
The screen protector came broke in pieces and the phone case was different from the one I had before. Tried to add photo and it wouldn't let me.
Not nearly what I had expected for a 1200 watt amp, honestly not much better then stock, looks wise it seems like decent quality
The screen protector is easy to install. But it leaves too much finger print smudges and I have to clean it every couple of hours. Didn't expect this at all.
Ordered this phone for my Mother and we could not keep the charging cord in the phone. The prongs are located inside the phone to far and cord would not connect and stay connected. Returned for credit and ordered new one for replacement. Hopefully the new one works better...
Had this for about a month or two, and it stopped working (Tried with different cords/phones to be sure it was the charger). Was great while it lasted. Maybe I just got a dud. It's a shame because I usually am very happy with Spigen products. Bought a different one from a different company though.
This looks great and seems to protect well. BUT the hole for the charger port isn't perfect so the case has to be removed to charge.
I was happy with it..had it for a month or a lithe longer n now I'm having a problem charging it..the plug doesn't want to stay in the ear piece..so idk about any of these blue tooth stuff
I did enjoy this MagSafe charger, but today after 5 months of usage, the magnet in the header broke. I guess maybe the magnet at the computer end is so strong that it pulls off the magnet in the header. :'(
Big, bulky, and slips out of outlet too easily. It does quick charge though.
They didn't stick anywhere near the way thru were advertised!
Fantastic sound quality but Left ear bud quit working after 6 month.
Disappointed. Not the color pictured at all. Was expecting a brighter purple... this is more of a metallic dark maroon color.
Doesn't fit the iPhone 6s completely, which means it doesn't protect the whole screen. I dropped my phone and the screen broke even though the screen "Protector" was on it
I can't imagine how this got the reviews it did. The cover I installed does not fit my Pixel 4 in that protector doesn't actually cover my entire screen. Furthermore, centering this during install is very subjective (probably because its not big enough to cover the screen. I would not recommend buying this and I'm going to look for an alternate vendor.
Screen protector looks nice, and is super easy to install. I am only giving 2 stars because it ruins the screen sensitivity, and it doesn't have cutouts for the cameras which distort photos. I would not recommend this screen protector to anyone unless they want to ruin their $1000 phone...
Liked it at first. The corners never did lay perfect. You could see the bubbles. But after a couple weeks they just randomly got worse.
Pretty, but EXTREMELY hard to take off. Have to use a credit card to even get the sides to budge. Easily breakable plastic too.
I use these headphones at the gym to connect to my Iphone 8. I am not an audiophile but even I can tell the sound quality is not too good. It sounds a bit muffled and heavy on bass. My biggest issue is with the connectivity. I am constantly losing connection with my phone and it can take a few tries to initially connect. What I like about the item is the fit. I have big ears and I am used to headphones falling out and these stay in place for the most part. The price is good too but I guess you get what you pay for.
No longer works after 50 days!
Followed the instructions on the box, screen was clean no dust. The screen protector will not stick to the screen. Not a very good product.
A typical Apple Watch charger will have your watch fully charged in ~1 hour. However, this little dude charges about 10% per hour. I don't know if my piece was defective, since many people seem to be happy with it. But to me, this is trash.
It worked perfectly for about 20 minutes. The sound was amazing. Then, it just stopped functioning. Returned for refund.
You have one shot to make it work, and then the stickiness won't adhere again. Not sure if this would have lasted if it had stuck in the first place. I bought one that clipped to the vents.
Case was fine but the glass came broken :/
I have purchased three cases, one for me, one for my husband and then another one for me when the first one started falling apart. I am now having to purchase another case for my husband as his case is falling apart exactly the same way mine did. The case itself stays intact, but the "coating" begins to fall off in chunks after just a couple of months. Time to move on to a different case.
I didn't like this phone mount. Perhaps it might be ok for others but not for me. I returned it and received a prompt refund. Thank you.
Did absolutely nothing for me It could be because I've been consistently taking pr it could be because I've been consistently taking pre-workouts for years with no breaks. I bought this product Based off of the high reviews, but it actually didn't do anything for me at all. The first day that I took it I had to take 2 1/2 scoops just to feel a little bit of energy. It may work for other people, it's just not for me
This item is not something you would like. It is not of high standards. Sorry that I bought it.
Back of case came out of the box scratched. Looks used. Does not seal out moisture.
It fit the phone fine but didn't protect it from a fall. It was dropped and screen broke.
Hello, The 2stars are for the fact that I only received the charging dock with no battery. If I could please receive the battery then I will change the review.
it fits perfectly to my iPhone and has curved edges which I like-it goes all the way to the edge of glass. However....I literally put it on in the morning and by the afternoon it was already cracked! I have an otter box case on the outside and it wasn't handled more than everyday talking/texting. I kind of want to try it again, but concerned that it will crack again so soon!
I like the replacement bracelet for the iwatch; but it looks on the cheap side. The sizing is odd; I guess I am in between sizes. The adjustment is easy - just remove the link and it will shorten but for me, it did not work right. Either it is too loose, or too tight. I gave up using it.
Does charge, but fails to charge at the fast rate as advertised, in other words, the Qi capability does not work. Also fails to light up green when complete, and perform other light functions as advertised. Although it appears to be well made on the outside, the performance is substandard.
I purchased this item Feb. 8, 2019. It worked great! But... even with just my mouse plugged in, it started acting up less than two months later. We finally unplugged this port because it would prevent the mouse from working period. Only a reboot would get the mouse back. Laptops do not come with enough USB ports, so this should have been the perfect solution, but it turns out it's a waste of money just a short time after purchasing. I am giving it two stars just because it was a great option at first, but that's all it's getting. Same USB hub but a Mac at work, same issues except locking up the scanner instead of mouse, same short time period. :(
Was good for about four months until the connecting plastic piece which is supposed to snap the case together simply broke off making the case unusable.
Great product but to small for my speaker
They not as good as I thought.
This case is paper thin. If you are really looking for a slim case it's great. But it will not offer great drop protection at all.
Not sweat proof. I'll be running and in the middle without stop, a message that volume is at max, and it doesn't stop. Funny thing, is that I never touched the volume control. Also, hard to turn off after a run. Have to wait until it dries out. Didn't happen initially, but is happening all the time now. Big pain.
It is waterproof as stated. However, pulling down the notification bar is next to impossible because the case comes down a hair too far onto the screen. I consider this a major flaw; one that discourages me from using this case. Also the case has a cheap feel to it. The plastic is not very good quality like the pictures make you think. I would return it if it wasn't for the cost of shipping it.
It's super cute but the print is already wearing off where it clasps together. I've only had it a month!
Top piece has fallen off multiple times, allowing phone to slide out from case. Attempting to contact seller for replacement piece. Will adjust review based on customer service response. Clearly a manufacturing defect.
With a fixed watch band it didn't work well.
These would not stick to my console and thus would not work as intended. I have cut and used like a magnet in other areas. Still the price for what I ended up using it for, is disappointing.
Very cute phone case but it doesn't fit my phone correctly on the bottom. It's like the case is warped weird and doesn't protect the bottom corners. Wouldn't buy again.
I don't like this kind of screen protector, the process to set up the screen protector take to much time and it's complicated, even when the process is finish the screen don't stick properly on the phone, this particular screen protector don't look good on the phone and the visibility it's pretty bad. The liquid for the process it's not enough for both screen protector.
Goes on easy and clear with no bubbles BUT....your touch isn't recognized in certain areas of the screen which is very annoying after a while. Also, every time I have dropped my phone the screen protector pops off and flies across the floor (very embarrassing if you're in the presence of strangers like on the bus or train). Online now looking to buy a replacement....
This company basically read that its a 5" screen and made a screen protector for it. Doesn't seem like they actually had a unit to make a template from as the protector is a perfect rectangle with sharp corners and the screen itself has rounded corners. So, the protector doesn't fit exactly which leaves the corners peeling up. Save your $20.
Belt clips break off to easy
Would of loved this product if it wasn't defective. It passed the water test without the phone but once I had the phone in the case I noticed a wobble when set on flat surface. Upon further inspection I found the front part of case wasn't straight. I tested in pool twice with phone and both times water got inside. I would recommend others to check case for distortions before using in water.
A nicely constructed unit with a quality feel; however, the contact tabs on the side don't protrude far enough to make good electrical contact. The result is that it either doesn't work at all in a particular socket, or has to be positioned just so (tilted 45 degrees in one car) to make contact. Not recommended.
Shuts off at times and the padding in the ear pc is to small and not soft enough
I loved these item when I first received them. I love the material and the color and the different options of length. Unfortunately now 3 out of the 4 do not work. I've seen great reviews and I notice there is a warranty but I can't figure out how to contact the company.
That don't stay on. Fall off within a week.
I recently placed my order and was happy the ring size kit arrived same day. When we figured out the size and placed the order I was disappointed to learn every style ring was back ordered 4-6 weeks. I was not expecting that. I will update my review once I receive the ring but wanted to give a heads up on the wait time to actually getting the ring. This was something I was not expecting and am disappointed in.
Good luck in trying to get the back off of the phone. Watched a You Tube video on how to do it. Caution, the back of the Samsung Note 5 is made of GLASS and not plastic as the video portrays it to be. Used a hair dryer to heat up the back rather than a heat gun, so as not to damage the back and electronics. Tried several attempts and got it hotter each time. The suction cup is lousy, it won't hold a suction enough to get the back up. My experience was bad. I gave up. It's not as easy as the videos show it to be.
I received these 45 days ago and they already stopped working. I have a HTC U 11 Life. They charged my phone well until last week. I thought something was wrong with my phone, but came to discover the charging cables just stopped working (would only charge my pgone when powered off and very slowly). My original phone charger still works as it always did. Disappointed, as I'm 2 weeks outside the return window.
This case is ok. But I liked the case for my galaxy j7 better. Haven't be able to find it for my galaxy j7 prime
Have to use ur phone in order to use the detector to it's full potential an I don't like that
Very cute on arrival but after only 1 week, my giraffe's head broke off
This mount worked pretty well until it broke after about 8 months of use. Now my phone can come flying off at any second because the spring doesn't hold on one side.
Returned due to unit moving around in the cup holder. Try to tighten and would not tighten enough without appearing to over stress the tightening mechanism.
I've used this for less than a month. I dropped my phone on a wooden floor and it's not the same. This case lacks durability. The card compartment now isn't flush with the phone case and the rose gold and black part have been separated slightly at the bottom and won't go back together. Pressing the bottom just makes the card compartment buckle. I would not repurchase this item.
If you have a LG G7 thinQ phone DO NOT buy this screen protector. Ita too narrow for the screen, 1/4 inch on each side . label says it's made specifically for this screen , but it's not
I actually ordered the wrong item
Not even 3 months old, and the suction cup will not hold the camera on my windshield any longer. I've tried everything from cleaning the windshield and trying other areas for it to stick to. Can I get a replacement for this?
Credit cards and their holders scratch the surface of the phone. Suggest users also buy some transparent screen protectors.
Magnet holder seems to be ok. The included app ( this feature was the deciding factor in my purchase over the other magnet style phone mounts.) Does not work. The app downloads and opens but it says my activation code is invalid. I'm not satisfied with my purchase and hope the seller reaches out to me to correct the issue. I'm not sure they can do anything about the app because it's from a 3rd party.
In theory, the iwatch cover is a good idea. But, I'm reality, it doesn't work. Water gets under the cover if you swim with the watch on, wash your hands, or sweat. The directions suggest putting pieces of paper towel under the band, between your wrist and the watch. I couldn't even make it a week before I removed the cover. The issues are not the seller's fault. The cover is just not a good idea.
I returned, it was hard to get the ring open unlike others I have used and it didn't stay on my phone.
The design is too strange, only horizontal screen, placed in the middle of the line of sight, placed next to the evil can be placed, and the design is very unreasonable, the buttons are blocked, can only say put the phone, a little practicality,
Amazon provided refund as product was not a win
Broke after a month but it does work
Normal silicone band . A little rough in the beginning. The Leopard print looks a little cheap .
I received this item but it did not come with all the tools to replace the screen and the instructions were pictures only, no words.
Beautiful design, but it doesn't stay on the phone. Which renders it pretty much useless. Calling for a refund.
The product itself overall ws decent. Not as easy to put on the phone as they claim but it was durable. Had it for months, but then it started to peel away from phone. Contacted customer support (by the way could on contact them by email) Jumped through hoops to get a replacement and now months later still have not recieved a replace and ended up buying something else.
I read the reviews, when it melts from heat in the summer will it ruin my car dash
This earbud has a sound feedback on ANC when you cover the ears with hands. The noise cancelling is lower than expected too. It's a good light-weight design but has a technical flaw.
Works well, sturdy and durable feeling, not too much bulk..and one month later, the kick stand is already broken and the screen is cracked.
problem with volume and noice cancelation
The training color works but sometimes glitches and shocks my dog for no reason. The invisible fence doesn't seem to work at all.
All 3 only worked for 1 month.
As much as I love ballistics glass, this one needs a redesign (beveled edges maybe). The screen protector doesn't curve with the edges of the screen. The air gap around the edges meant that if I bumped the watch or pushed a little on the edge that part of the screen protector wound chip/break. Leaving behind sharp pieces. Ultimately I used both of these while awaiting the delivery of a wet mount flexible screen protector
I bought these because they seemed like a good design. In reality, the ring is almost impossible to get out with one hand, and the adhesive was not compatible with my case, for some reason - maybe it's too pourous, but I was surprised they didn't stick. I returned them and am looking for an alternate product.
turned yellow within a month, Bulky,
The band fits apple watches great. The colors are as expected. It's lightweight and really perfect in every way except one. It stretches out. When I first got the band I wore it in the 4th hole. Now I'm on the 7th hole. I've had it for 6 months and I wear it everyday. I don't wear it tight so I don't know why it stretches out so much. I probably wouldn't buy again.
Fingerprint will not work with cover on but other than that it does its job.
Cracked first one while installing it. Second one cracked a day after Installing it on a Droid turbo 2. This phone is very flexible and the glass is not. Would be great on a more Ridgid phone.
Did not stick on the curves and the glass came off easy.
I had this for a year and it was great but now it's really glitchy and will barely charge my phone. I wouldn't recommend buying this product...spend money on one that will last
This is a long term use review on this product. For the first 6 months, this thing was solid. Looks very nice and the cable was working perfectly. Recently I noticed that I have to connect multiple times in order to get the phone's charge going. My phone is keep telling me to connect the cable correctly. I know this is not the phone because my other cable works perfectly fine. I think the connector on this cable wears out causing issues with charging over time. It was good while it lasted but I think 6 months out of a simple cable is not a good quality. I will stay away from this cable going forward.
Broke right after we installed it. Was not dropped just snapped after being installed
The belt clip Broke after 2 days of use. sad
At first I loved this band, but after daily wear for three months it needs to be replaced. The strap has started to wear and no longer looks nice. I initially loved this band, however I will be shopping for a different one that will last longer. Even at a low price point I expected to get more than three months wear.
Was focused on the quick charge but misunderstood that this was not a magnetic retention. Had planned to use in car but skid pad it comes with wasn't going to hold phone the way I needed (vent).
when I first took the case out of the package it seemed like it was going to be just what I wanted. I inspected it further and it has some flaws. It seems like I received a used case. It's worn right where you would slide you hand through the strap in the back, it's scratched and the leather on the strap is excessively creased. I won't be returning it because I'm in desperate need for a case, but I wouldn't purchase it again. I also wish the stand would be sturdier, I feel like if a good breeze were to come through, the phone would fall right over.
this burned out after about 2 months of use
Chip quality look like 2$
One of the chargers/cords charges fine, the other is uselessly slow. Seems to be that the cord is the issue.
Got these replacements that they said fit the styluses I had well they did not!!! So I got another set same issue 😕
very pretty case, but very difficult to get off. I broke my screen protector trying to get the case offf.
Sensitivity is just not good.
Ended up having to return it as in spite of many attempts across a number of formats and devices we were ultimately unsuccessful in the account link necessary to use this device.
Looks great - has a great profile. However, it lacks real texture and I always feel like my phone is going to slip out of my hands. It needs more grip to it. I ordered a new one that looks like it may have that...let's see how it goes. Otherwise I love Caseology cases! They're so minimal and have never really had a problem.
Too large for my ears. Doesn't stay connected if you move more than 5 feet away from your phone. Disappointed.
One was delivered cracked... good thing I was able to use second one. It looks to be it was cracked before packaged in its protective container. Container was not damaged but the screen protector was. It would have been a five star if I didn't feel cheated.
Well I purchased h4 bulbs back in February. It is the end of May and one stopped working already. Love the brightness for the price but I expected much longer operating life
It was difficult to put on and the color is already coming off!! I had to have my fiancé help put the bands on. And the paint or whatever is already coming off! On both sides where the band hooks on. We didn't use any tools or anything to put it in just our fingers and this is what it looks like. I literally just got it in the mail! What I rip I am so bummed.😔
I bought two for myself and husband. We each have Galaxy S5 s. Mine has not held a charge for the last couple of months. His won't charge fully, nor hold a charge as of March 2019. They have 24-month warranty. We will see how good it is. They did come with screen protectors and wipes, which was nice.
THE RED INK HAS BEGAN TO SMUDGE INTO THE WHITE, THIS IS A GIFT SO I'M NOT SURE I WANT TO GIVE IT TO THE RECIPIENT IN THIS FLAWED CONDITION
This product takes forever to charge my phone and it very positional
I gave these as a gift to a co-worker. When I saw them on her desk a month later the years had broken off. Very cute otherwise.
While the cost and variety of sizes seemed a good bargain, the cords began separating within the first 2-3 times they were used. The price is low, but with this... you truly do get what you pay for.
Installed but continues to have a high pitch buzzing sound that is quite distracting...don't buy and spend extra on the real thing.
I need to wiggle this to get it to work. I checked all of the other connections and it's definitely this. It's almost unusable honestly. I'll keep working on it though and see.
They worked for a while and then broke.
This product is super slow. It is almost unusable.
The screen on top left started coming off. I tried all the methods but still it is coming. I feel I wasted my money as I can't even return it till I get a new one
The holder is identical to the original, but the shell is extremely slippery. Wound up using old shell as it was the holder that needed replacing. Holder works well.
Is plastic not glass
It was difficult to apply the screen as the instructions say, and the screen moves around and lifts towards the bottom of the cover
Phone falls regularly
It would not work/fit with my company car and now I learn it is not returnable! Just wasted $15.
Stopped charging a brand new iPhone
You get what you pay for
Works fine, but doesn't really fit the phone screen.
HAD NO IDEA THIS WAS SO BIG, TAKE LONG TO CHARGE AND ONLY CHARGES PHONE ONE TIME
I wanted to like this case but it smell so bad and will not charge my phone and case at the same time. Will not charge phone when case is plugged in stops charging when phone is at 100%...
Popped off after 2 weeks, and I am not constantly on my device. I did put on the second one and it's been on for about a month, we will see how it goes...
Poor quality. My phone falls off as grip is poor and base is narrow
i work in another state, but i only drive back and forth every couple of months. for me this camera lasted for 8 months until it refused to turn on. granted, my truck was just sitting while i drove a company truck for about 6 of those months. i drove less than 5k miles in that time. i would have hoped it would have lasted a couple of years at least. i tried several different cables and even plugging it into my computer and nothing would work. while it was working it only ever had issues a couple of times when it was below 0.
I'm very disappointed about this item I follow the instructions that the video says and when I found out my screen protector it wasn't the same as the video, very difficult to put everything on place I had to figure it out. Very disappointed
The top screen protector is more like a cheap thin plastic and scratches very easy. Finger movements across the phone feel are horrible to! It did protect my phone in a small drop but I wouldn't see it lasting long term.
Unstable, could not keep phone in one position. Half the ride had to adjust the phone.
Broke after a weeks use.
2 Star just because it is the only other kit that would fit. The kit itself is flimsy, the provided screws are terrible, and it also does not house the single din unit well. I was installing this in a 99' Camaro.
Good PRICE, Good sound quality but it doesn't really cancel noise and THEY broke just AFTER ONE month of USE !!! I REALLY can't tolerate noise when I'm studying, like even gum chewing so about a month ago, I was on a hunt for noise-canceling headphones with a reasonable price tag. I came across these, read the reviews and decided to try them. They work but Certainly not the best noise canceling headphones. OH, AND THEY ARE BROKEN JUST AFTER ONE MONTH!
If these didn't have the black on them they would be an easy 5 star. The fit is perfect and they go on super easy with no bubbles. Unfortunately, the black totally blocks the proximity sensor which makes it all but I'm possible to interact with the phone when sending or receiving call. A clear version of this would be perfect.
Headphones worked fine for first few days, had a slightly muffled sound. After only about a week of use, right speaker blew out and now only have one working speaker.
This is my 2nd review. Once again, the material is very good quality and the only issue is the volume control - very stiff and difficult to manage. You suggested I try a different area and it would work better - but it hasn't improved at all. I thought it would soften/loosen up, but it hasn't. This is a big flaw in the design of a potentially great product.
It just doesn't have the grip to the bent like it needs to hold the phone. Keeps slipping.
I've had this phone case for less than three months. I purchased it because it is leather and it looked to be high quality. The case has a magnetic closure which is now not working properly, or at all really. It's leaving both the DL and bank cards that I'd like to carry unprotected, not to mention the phone should I drop it. A magnetic closure was recommended to me by a friend, but I'd say if you must have a wallet case, consider a snap closure. I'm going back to Otterbox where at least I know my investment is better protected.
Product did not work. Tried all 4 with multiple aux sources and my device never registered anything as being plugged into it
It split a part within a week... outside case very weak... slip out of my lap and it cracked and now not usable.
Packaging is nice and worked well for the first few days then the adhesive came loose and had this huge buble at the top and bottom of the screen. I've had other screen protectors that took a while for the adhesive to loosen but this one is the worst I've had. Don't waste your money.
none of the side buttons will work with this case. clearly the 7 plus and 8 plus cases are not the same. has an extra hole for the ear bud and the apple logo is not entered in the window in back. was not able to contact seller. grrr.
Rear camera quit working after two weeks
The product wouldn't adhesive was poor. Caused difficulties when touching screen. Wouldn't purchase again.
Thought this was great until I just dropped my phone and the cover shattered!
The screen crack in the left top side within the first couple days of having it. Did not drop phone either.
Some of the usb ports are super slow and barely charge the phone, I had put a iphone x on charge and in 1 hour it went up 8%. I dont know if something is wrong with the one i got or if its all of them but i would deff like a refund or an exchange for the product.
This screen protector is not ZAGG. However, the package does come with 2 screen protectors and the items to clean the screen/prep. I would not purchase again.
Plastic feels cheap. Not compatible with a screen protector. Seems like a good buy but it may not work if you looking for the screen protection and iPad protection
I had it a week and zipper split. Doesn't work for me without zipper. nice leather and easy to carry all the cards, money and receipts I make... i gave it a 2 because the zipper is a must with this wallet..Thanks but wont buy again.
I was very impressed with this case when i first received it, looked authentic and packaging was even impressive. Unfortunately it started peeling around the edges within just a couple weeks and the material started to separate from the case, it looks awful now.
Stereo screen stopped functioning less than year. Bluetooth too. Annoying. Not worth it. Sometimes i can press to play radio but for now just using my usb. But screen does not work anymore.
this watch looks ok so far, but the battery can only last 4 to 5hrs after charge so that means that I have to recharge it 2 or three time during the same day. that is the only downside of it
Had this case for my S6 and loved it. The cut of the S7 just wasn't the same. I ended up going with the Ringke Slim series which is much closer to the S6 design of this case.
In the description section it said one cord would be 6ft. All of the cords are 3ft. The only reason I got these was for the 6ft cord. The cords work decent but after awhile one started having trouble fitting in to devices. I mainly did not like being mislead to think I was getting a 6ft cord.
The slider thing is ENORMOUS. Note that those photos are to scale - the slider thing is like 4x bigger than the buds. Very bulky. Returned.
They do not fit in the ear and keep falling out. They are not comfortable at all.
Very pretty. Great initially but then the color actually comes off when you clean it and then you get finger marks on it!
The size didn't work, it says you are unable to return the item.
It's good but it doesn't work I This technology they said T-mobile people
does the job its supposed to, but charges at an extremely slow rate.
Easy to apply. However 2 days after placing it on, the edges are losing their adhesive and coming up.
Corner chipped after 3 months
Mine continues to stop charging randomly
Works well with no other apps running. The little LED does not turn off at night... that might bother some users. The biggest issue is I have a sleep app running at night. The charger can barely keep up. So in the morning my phone is at 70-80% charge. Not 100%. I will be trying another charger.
They are already falling apart and the volume changes without even touching the earphones
1 piece of protector glass showed up instead of 2
The outer case to mount the phone turns the power on and off. It's otherwise ok
It did not fit my cell phone.
Dear Whitestone DOME, I wasn't able to attach a picture in the customer service page thus I'm writing my concerns here. I have installed the screen protector as instructed and a bubble formed in the middle where the liquid was dropped. As you can see from the picture, every corners were perfectly installed except for the bubble in the middle. I do trust Whitestone DOME products hence please contact me so that I can get a replacement unit. I have purchased this from South Korea and paid extra shipping fee to get this early but was disappointed that mine purchase was defective product... please contact me. Thank you
There are a couple thinks I don't care for 1 the belt clip is loose so it spins around easy. 2 every time I grab the case the volume goes up or down or seri says what can I help you with so that's annoying. But it does look good
Bubble free my ASS! I thought I was gonna put it on the first try but when I removed it to try and line it up perfectly the bubbles where outlined on the sticky side
I like the design of the case, but the bottom portion of the case broke immediately when I dropped my phone:(
The magnet on this mount is poor. I bought this for an additional car. Within the first hour, my phone fell during a small bump..then again..then again. Rather than go through the hassle of returns, I just ordered a competitors version (far superior).
This case does not put your phone to sleep when close the cover. Phone will stay lit until timer turns it off
Super pretty but i found the exact ones at Dollar Tree for $1. Cheaper, especially for the quality the case is.
Great price, looks nice, works but it gives off some kind of feedback noise. This was supposed to be just to add some tweeters to my system, after wiring it all up and powered it on I noticed the noise, went thru all my wiring, checked all my grounds and noise didn't go away. Finally I pulled the rca to the and and the noise disappeared. So I swapped out the amp with a larger JL amp I have using the same wiring and no noise. Wish I had tested it before installing, I ran all the wires and cut to length, waste of wire, money and time. I do not recommend this product.
It does not come with a usb-c cable and nowhere does it make that clear. One the of customer questions asked if this comes with a cable and the top response was yes. I feel like I just got duped and now I have to order a cable.
Ordered and was suppose to arrive by Friday before I left on business and it finnally showed up on Tuesday. Hope it is still at front door when I return 2 weeks later.
This item is ok, after a week I noticed the design started to tear and after a few weeks it's now easy to tear off, I would buy another one from this seller if they would make the product more durable and less pealing
Right out of the box, my watch charger would not maintain connection with my watch. Whereas, the factory charging cable that came with the watch provides an uninterrupted charging cycle. Can not recommend this item. It was new when I discovered it did not really charge the watch.
I think it is really pretty, but I am worried about the strength and if it will really protect well if I drop my phone. My husband says that he thinks it will be fine but I don't know. The screen protector doesn't cover the entire screen but 95% of it. I think that I will be looking for another case that I feel more confident in it protecting my phone.
Only 1 of the 2 will stay attached to the vent. The other falls every time I turn a corner or apply the breaks too hard.
For some reason, a signature was required to have a poster delivered...mind-boggling. Anyway, I'm sure it's really nice and exactly what I want, maybe I'll actually see it early next week?
Every individual has his own needs, I like the design & feel, but I did not like the thick sides, it becomes bulky & wider for the phone to hold.., I only need minimal protection & to minimize the slippery back.
Love it but battery life was Short. Purchased in December and need a replacement battery in March. Otherwise it's ok
First cord broke within a week. I guess that's why they send you 3 at a time. The price is good, especially for 3, and they look really nice, but it's not really worth it if each cord is only going to last a week.
We have bought two of these. One for each kid. The silicone breaks rather quickly. One was broken in a week and the other one in about 10 days. I would be hesitant to buy this product and search out one of higher quality.
I love the light it gives on my selfies or group pictures. The only thing i hate about it is sometimes the light will just turn on by itself and or blink wildly by itself. I can't control the light sometimes.
Thought there was a face protector
Cell phone holder cracked. Did not drop it. This is the first time it has happened to me
Amp works good, wire is pretty decent quality over all it's a good product, only bad thing is it took a long time to ship
If using an otter box, trim the edges to fit or they'll lift up. Works okay.
Doesn't stick as well as I'd like. But good little case.
Pops loose on occasion (has fallen from dash and magnet and pops open
Bought for my daughter in Colorado. Didn't like the interface as well as the one I have. Not really as useful. I can't really describe it, but it was just not as nice as the newer ones. It works, but not impressive.
After using this for the last month, it charges phone at normal rate just fine. However, the product states it will support rapid charging and that does not appear to work. Phone never displays rapid charging and the timeframe it takes to charge phone supports that rapid charging is not working. Has solid construction overall.
I was a happy MetroPCS customer for years, but we moved to an area where the signal sucks so I switched to AT&T. Needed new phones (Ours were quite old) so I looked for an affordable alternative. These looked like a good deal, so I went for it. A few things to keep in mind... 1) One of my phones was new. The other had a SIM card in it, all of the protective plastic removed, and was obviously used. No damage, but I paid for an advertised "Brand New Phone" and am not happy that this one is used. 2) All of the embedded MetroPCS apps are there, but if you are not on Metro none of them work. I have disabled all of the apps I could, but you can't shut them all down, and you may want to use some. I don't have find my phone, for example, and there is no "voice mail" icon to indicate when you have a voicemail and your only access to voicemail is to dial the "1" on the key pad. 3) The playback volume for media is not very loud- my wife uses hers to watch videos off her facebook feed, and you can barely hear them even with the volume all the way up. Overall, I like the phone. Had I known it would be used and would lack some of the features I wanted because although it is unlocked it is still a Metro phone, I would have made a different decision. You might decide differently, but at least you know more than "ITs a great phone and works with AT&T" which is all the information I had to work with.
I really like the case - looks very sleek but the gold trim started chipping a little and I only had it for less than a week which is disappointing but all in all still a good product.
Doesn't hold my phone so made my workout a lol troublesome
A little smaller than I thought it would be, but a decent case for lots of small items. The pockets with zippers are a little small though.
I want to give this case 5 stars but it leaves a moisture/watery/oily look on the back of the phone where the glass touches the plastic. I was expecting a nice clear view of my phone without having these watery looking sections on the back... On most of the videos and images I've seen, I didn't think this was going to be an issue but it is. I have wiped everything down over and over and put the phone in the case without even touching and still there is this moisture or w/e look... :(
While they are very comfortable, the Bluetooth connection isn't consistent and the sounds constantly goes in and out. I would not recommend.
It did not hold dash cam in place, slots all wrong.
Case is pretty cheaply made, I mean it looks nice but I don't expect it to last long. And the screen protector that comes with it is junk. Mine cracked before I even got it on the screen. I had just placed the first edge on my phone & it cracked. I'm glad I had the foresight to order a spare screen protector from OtterBox. The case was a little difficult to get together, but I looked at it like a puzzle & it didn't take too long to figure it out. So bottom line this case wasn't expensive & you get what you pay for. It's cute, & it'll serve my purposes for now. But just make sure you buy a spare screen protector!
Love the look of it but the magnet in the band consistently drains my battery. Normally the battery lasts me the whole day and when I use this band it lasts about half the day.
Works great, but took forever to arrive
Have had this case before - durable.
the leather parts are very nice. the plastic parts crack and chip easily
Was from UAE. While it would work, not all my credit cards would work with Samsung Pay.
Works 50% of the time. The cable is low quality and the unit runs very hot
These are ok for the price. They do not turn up as loudly as I would like.
Just another power bank. Went camping, left it out in the sun all day, didn't really charge at all. The light is pretty good though.
Case works great but the clip breaks easily.
Received today. It's just as picture shows. Excited. Removed film and placed on phone, adhesive is next to none. Socket is very stiff to open and close and either trying to open or weight of phone causes separation of pop socket from my phone case. Dang
I got the case but it didn't come with the screen protector..
The screen protector does not fit properly there is air remaining on the edges
Cute but falls off the phone pretty easily.
By far my favorite battery case to date. I usually just buy a cheap one and use it until it quits and then on to the next. This one, however continued to charge my phone two or three times on a charge until today the lightning pin broke off. I was just going to re-order but it looks to be unavailable. Now I have to hunt for a new favorite.
Good but does not stick well to life cases
Within a week a piece of the black casing surrounding cover broke off, and the side where it is broken separate from its casing. Other than that the cover has protected my device so far.
My case broke within a week of having it. I just taped it because I did not want to loose money. It finally gave out completely after 2 months. The back was great but the bottom was very flimsy.
If I had written the review directly after buying the product it'd be much different. At first I loved it, but a month later... -the ring spins and flops around loosely and is obnoxious because it now gets in the way and doesn't work as a kickstand so I can't set my phone down and look at anything because if I do it wobbles. I'll have to take it off this weekend and hope the adhesion didn't ruin my case. -also, it's pulling up on the sides a bit, it sticks but it also collects dirt.
The case tended to want to fall off my X and it showed every single smudge/fingerprint making it look dirty constantly.
I tried putting on one of the hidden protectors and it cracked instantly! Hopefully the other one last
Cable are easy to use you can just plug it on to a fuse box
Broke almost the first day. I dropped it and little pieces cracked off the corners. I've had multiple cases the same type as this one and didn't have that problem. Not really happy with this other than it's cute colors.
not all cables we have will work with this Charger. hit or miss.
Buttons move around a little too much even when you clean your screen and dry completely off but still can be used to play games (not good for Minecraft)
Works if you are not putting any stress on cable. Also magnets not strong enough! I have an defender otter box and the rubber that covers the iPhone charging port pushes the cable off every time, disconnecting the power! If you have no restrictions to your micro USB port or lightning port and don't put any stress on the cable, then it works fine.
These earbuds seem fine except within the first week or two, two of the four were broken. The earbud part popped off of the wire part. However I'm sure my kids were not being very careful with them..
Because of the breathable mesh weave it's easy to wear the watch without your skin turning "funky" the magnet could be a touch stronger because the band would loosen up with heavy activity however never became too loose. Normal wear of the paint from the metal. Had to stop using because the mesh pulled apart from the pin holder.
Was easy to put on. But I can't open the clasp? I ve tried to pry it open and it wont come apart. Frustrated.
2nd update: Emailed the owner of the company and he apologized for the charger. He stated that occasionally they have a faulty device out of the factory. He refunded the whole amount to me and sent me a 10% discount on a new one. He's an honest businessman. Update: Charger will not turn on now. I've owned it only a few months and for some reason I can't get it to turn on. Worked pretty good. Recharged my phone from 30% and charged a little bit later on then ran out.
The number one thing to mention on this case is that the inside area where it will make contact with the back of your phone feels rough like sand paper. I bought two of these and both were the same, so it was not a one off thing. I wound up leaving the plastic wrap cover that came on the phone, on the back to keep the gritty inside back from possibly scratching the phones back. I wish the inside had just been smooth gel because the point of getting the case was to keep the back from getting messed up. Other than that, the cases fit very well and seem like they would provide some protection from a short distanced fall, like if it landed on the corners of the phone.
Rather uncomfortable on the ear, battery lasts an okay amount of time, but gives you basically no time between "battery low" and "power off"
Works. Bought on the recommendation from a YouTube channel I like. Only things not keen on are activation of emergency save button which is in the middle and the confusing menu navigation. Does its job though.
Was really snug. Pushing the power button is hard for some reason. We tried putting it on again and it's still hard. Can't take a screen shot anymore cuz the button won't let u push it. Soon as u take case off, they work fine.
Did not hold up as well as other cases I have had. Kept my phone safe but the screen protector came loose and had many issues after that.
Very complicated and directions are very poor, and typed very small. Unit was returned.
Already chipped only had it for 2 months but for the price it's decent.
I love the design but have used the product for less then a week and my phone has already cracked. It is great comfort in hand but is not the best when dropped
Not a great product, but ok to use. Maybe my expectations were too high.
Touch I D does not work. Apple not allowing the feature to be activated. The screen looks good tho.
It doesn't have a protector for your screen. It's chunky. I thought it would be shimmery and it was not it's Matte pink. When dirty, hard to clean.
Great range easy to use - only down fall is one of the 2 is missing a antenna ( they come as a separate piece in each package and screw on to the base) it seems as though it was just forgotten in packaging. Very bummed.
It does it's job as a phone wallet encasement, but not super great. My case was clearly made of cheap material so it started scratching a few weeks into using the phone. It does get easily scratched. It's been a few months (around 3), and at the corners, most of the gray has rubbed off. I really like the bezel which keeps my phone safe, and I haven't gotten a single scratch, though.
This case would be great and has potential. However, after a short time, the stand won't stay firmly closed. It will start to hang out a bit and flap open/close. The first case did it, returned it, and now the second case is doing it. The stand is a heavy metal so if they would have added a small magnet to keep it closed it would work perfect. When open, it holds its position firmly in any position. Otherwise it would be a great case if ESR figures out a way to keep the stand closed.
Only an authorized dealer will have access to software downloads to update the module to make this functional. I returned it and had a shop install a different brand.
Does not charge fast.
UPDATE - The company agreed to replace, even though I was out of time. I am glad because I really like everything else about the unit except that the DVD player failed. I paid for it to be installed, worked fine for 2 weeks. Now CD player jammed, no way to get a library CD out. It is, of course, 2 weeks after RETURN period expired. I will try anyway. I liked the unit because the buttons were easy to use and a friend told me that the chips etc were good quality. But I really need the CD player. I got a PUMPKIN last year for another car and it was fine. So I will replace this one.
Looks cool but smart watch tech isn't up to par with current technology
Good design, works well
I'm only giving this a 3 star, its very pretty, but as far as protection, it doesn't feel very secure. I thought it had 2 covers, a hard inner layer and a soft out layer ,that is what the video looked liked..thank you.
The charger port won't stay closed
ok, but have a problem trying to cut exactly & fit. Sure it would work for someone that is more knowledgeable
Some of the charging cords did not work properly, after a charge or two they would stop working all together. The chargers that did work were convenient length and charge was a average charging speed.
The case fits well and feels durable, but for a guy, this case is too purple. I bought it thinking it was more bluish grey. I was wrong.
It wasn't unlocked, otherwise, great phone.
Make sure you order a wiring harness so you do not splice into your car's wiring. I installed this in a 04 Hyundai Elantra and fits nicely with the radio kit I had. Bluetooth connects perfectly and remembers my phone each time I turn the car back on. My only complaint so far is the screen is very dim and I can not see it. Does not really matter since only bought this for the Bluetooth. I did try the FM radio and that worked as it should. This is not a high power radio and would be subpar if you want great sound.
One channel was dead on arrival, did not work at all. Returned for full refund, decided to upgrade to the 90W which is great and not a great deal more
Seems like the black anodizing starts to corrode after some time at the matting surface of the whip. i only use the nmo ring and use the stainless antennas in its place.
they do what they are supposed to, but I really only needed one
I like unicorn beetle, but it had no built in screen protector like they usually come with.
Looked nice, but didn't fit the phone. we bought the wrong one.
Love all my anker products and I really wanted to like these but just couldn't get passed the touch controls. Often when I went to adjust or remove the headphones I would accidentally swipe the controls and annoyingly change the song or volume or pause.
It did not support the NFC capability of my phone.
Great case. Update jan 2018. Case feels sturdy and durable however phone was dropped maybe a from a foot height on tile and my screen protector broke. Lucky i had installed it.
It looks nice and charged my iPhone XS Max and iWatch 4 and I liked that it was one cord in. But it was sometimes difficult to get the iPhone on the plug especially if it's dark and you want to put your phone on the charger. I am returning it
I thought the gold was glitter but it is all matte.
The stand magnet came off. The stand kept in the open position. I had to superglue the magnet myself. Clipping the phone into the hip holster can be challenging at times. This isn't my favorite case but the moment it will work.
It doesn't work with iPhone cases (I have a thinner one, not an Otter Box or anything). So far, it seems sturdy but I've had it for a week. Pretty pricey compared to others. It's heavy metal but the cord wiggles (maybe that's a good thing if it doesn't break and makes it easier to mount your phone... only time will tell) and without the ability to adjust the cable depth for cases I'm dissapointed.
It's a great battery pack, sadly just not that well built. I took it out of the box and fully charged it to test before packing it for our trip. I kid you not my 2yr old grabbed it off the table and dropped it, and one of the charge ports got knocked into the battery pack. Literally same day I got it. So returning it and getting a more durable pack.
I looked up reviews for this online, and most of them said to take off the plastic piece on the front and use a tempered glass screen protector. I didn't do this, and because I had to hit my screen so hard to make it work, I put a hairline fracture in a brand new phone. If you get this case, take out the plastic piece in the front and get a tempered glass screen protector. Nobody wants to fix my phone under any kind of warranty, as this is considered cosmetic damage now.
I bought two of these because I'm hard on chargers and was hoping the metal would help. One of them came broken so that was a waste. But the one that does work is pretty great.
It is a cup holder and it does look and do exactly as described- The problem is the part that slides in-between the seat keeps coming loose-and slipping. I used some putty glue to secure it and now it is better-but cannot be adjusted- Overall happy, but needs better design!
Very classy upgrade and makes the watch feel as expensive as it is but the finish is beginning to wear off the clasp, I suspect where my wrist hits my desk at the office all day. I could see past that if the thing wasn't so expensive but given the cost I had to deduct 2 stars. Works great otherwise
It is very hard to install sans the hook is too short you need to squeeze the sides for form to be hauled properly
It's cute but really hard to hold onto. It slips right out of my hands. I had to get a pop socket just to keep it from dropping constantly.
They are, for the most part good solid cables but they charge relatively slow.
I really like the case and style. Disappointed in the color. It's more pink than rose gold.
Great case and looks fantastic! A part of the rubber on the bottom of the case was snapped in half when it came out of the package. Other than that it is a fantastic case!
I've missed having a kickstand ever since I owned the HTC Evo - my first true smart phone. This kickstand does only work in landscape, but that's OK with me. However, the magnet in the kickstand interferes with use of the s-pen. I also wish the kickstand didn't protrude from the back of the case when closed. I want to rate it higher, but these problems may be enough for me to abandon using the case, except perhaps when I travel.
Case is very pretty and very slim , feels nice in the hand. My only issue with this case is it does NOT come up around the edges to protect the phones face if stored face down. Makes the phone seem fragile and not protected but is very pretty
Was suppose to have screen protector did not have one !!!
My only complaint so far is the brightness is not like factory screen. This is my first replacement screen so I don't have anything to compare it to except the original factory screen. Touch and quality seem to be on par with factory screen. Will update review if anything changes but so far I'm happy with it!
Seen another review stating the adhesive isn't that strong, It isn't. Had to use help from another type off adhesive material to keep the screen on.
These screens are functional. I have noticed they are slightly darker than OEM, and they tend to be slightly deeper (there is a little more screen sticking out the top after installation). If I had not installed 30-40 screens on this model phone in the past few months I probably would not have noticed.
Very cheaply made broke within 2 weeks
The item works fine but the material quality is bad. In about few months it looks very dirty and thread blotches at many places . I bought a light color.
Okay for about a year, then the hard plastic started crumbling badly and had to replace.
Protected cracked within an hour of having it, not the most sturdy.
Peeled off from the corners
Smaller than expected
Good and bad. Good: Easy to install. Looks good on the phone. Case friendly. Bad: Doesnt stick to curved edges or the corners. You can press down on the glass in this area and hear it come off. This seems to lead to loss of sensitivity along the sides of the screens. Need to press hard to make it sense a touch. Overall would not purchase again.
I really loved it at first then the two ends that you can adjust will not stay stable, they swivel so I can't use it for my phone any longer.
The splitter jack dongle works well playing music. I also wanted to be able to take hands free calls through the car's speakers like my old splitter jack dongle would and this one doesn't unfortunately. For me it's a turn off, so I am returning it and will continue to look for the ideal that plays both music and calls through the car speakers.
Bulky case and the kickstand is flimsy.
I have been a huge fan of spigen cases for a while now. They have always been really well built good quality. Never had an issue other than normall color fade. This new note 9 case I purchased I'm not happy with at all. Dont like the feel in my hand plus the yellow bezel broke while removing from my pocket. Sadly I will buy elsewhere. I still give the company 3 stars this is the only bad case Ive bought from them. And I've purchased 7 total. I've only had this case for a week when it broke.
Significant rainbow effect unfortunately. It fits very well. Well cut. I did my absolute best to pay attention to the installation instructions. I used all the cleaning items. I pressed it flat. I don't know what else I could have done. Returning it
With that said it was slipping and uh sliding like Trick Daddy fr Trina.
The item came and the seller was awesome The product itself leaves a lot to be desired. There's no place for the headphones, and the cover makes the touch screen hard to use.
Was not compatible with Consumer Cellular
There is nothing wrong with the product at all, it did exactly what it was supposed to do. I just personally don't like it. I'm afraid I didn't like this because it fit extremely well to my phone, which is fantastic, but it makes it difficult to remove. When I decided I didn't like the slot for the card (because it was easy to get the card into but hard to get the card out of) I tried to remove the case from my phone and it was quite hard. At times it felt like I was about to snap my phone, but I did eventually get it off and found a case/stick on wallet I prefer, so all is good. EDIT: The seller reached out to me in efforts to either refund or improve my experience with them, and I really appreciate that. They are fantastic.
First, as a positive, the color is quite lovely. A nice dark-ish teal (not too green, no too blue). As for the case itself, as advertised, it is Ultra-thin, but I would say the "hard cover" part of the title that follows, is a bit of a mislead. It is thin, but so much so that it actually feels a bit cheap, bends super easy thin, and doesn't really have the hard/more-sturdy/secure feel like I was expecting. Also, received an email from the seller thereafter that was advising to be careful removing it from the packaging it came in, so as to not scratch it. Makes one wonder if it's so fragile that taking it out of the company's packaging could damage, how much would it hold up in real life? Anyway, looks nice, super thin if that's what you're looking for, and not super expensive. That said, flimsy feeling enough that I'm not sure how much it would protect the expensive products that are today's smart phones, so I'm going to get a different case for more protection.
Rubbery and Difficult to use
Outer shell case is great but I was surprised the face protector is made of glass
Seems like it would have done the job of protecting my girlfriend's phone just fine, but it was so slippery that we sent it back right after we received it.
The hole for the camera isn't completely open for the lens.
Don't recommend, it ripped right off my pants when I hopped in my car. Doesn't have any protection for top of case either.
Revised after using case for three months: This silicon case seems to have bent on one corner and already needs to be replaced. We don't know how this happened. After only two weeks: So far it seems great. My wife liked the case enough that I just bought a second one for myself. It is soft, yet seems sturdy. The real test will happen when the phone gets dropped, but so far, particularly for the price, we like it.
Only thing I dislike is my phone always wants to turn upside down. Other than that, it's great.
Some work great, some don't at all.
It's fine, but it prevents my fingerprint unlock from working.
Usually i have good experiences with the LG bluetooth headset but this one that I received didn't work properly. Maybe old stock, refurbished, return, I'm not sure but I didn't like it and sent it back
Really good bumper for watch the only down side is if you sweat a lot like I do it will start to get moist under that area start to get white and smell!! But other than that everything else is great!!!
Not well described item. Did not meet expectations.
Very uncomfortable around the neck. Hard to adjust. Doesn't stay in place. Novelty item. Get what you pay for.
One of these did not function at all. The other two work perfectly. We have been using them for the past month or so and no signs of cracking or anything.
Did not come with a wrist strap as pictured
I liked this well enuf at first, but 6 months later it's so loose that I have to replace it, and it won't be with another one of these.
My iphone says it's "not a product that works with my phone" so I had to find my original. Not real happy. For some reason works OK in my car.
It was a great screen replacement, it felt durable and resistant. Unfortunately, I had to send it back because the camera didn't work. Other than that, I didn't have any problems with it.
Its a bit flimsy and not the color in the picture. Its the purple blue color but translucent so you dont really get the color like in the picture. Kind of disappointed.
Was a great experience at the start, they fit so well, packaging was fantastic, charge case was sturdy. I really never wanted to take them out because they molded so well to my ear. After a few house use the left ear bud continuously cut out at random intervals.
I have a bunch of retractable usb micro and mini cords and love them. I liked to keep a small travel charging cube and two of the cords in my purse so my husband and I could both charge our phones when traveling. Now my husband and I both have USB C devices. These are NOT compact like the mini and micro ones. I genuinely think they take up more room than just a neatly folded cord would. I'm sure they're fabulous quality, but they won't be living in my purse as they're the same size as my wallet each. Maybe in the suitcase, or maybe I'll continue to search for a more compact version.
I had the protector on for about a week and it cracked at the top. Yes I put it in my teeth to hold the phone when I needed 2 hands for something. I would expect that if I can hit with a hammer, that my teeth wouldn't crack the protector. Not satisfied.
It works really great. I had it on my old phone and it protected my screen a couple times. Saved me a bunch of money in replacement screen costs. I liked it so much I got it again when I switched too the pixel 3a. EXCEPT that it doesn't seem to cover enough of the screen. It is exactly the width of the part that lights up but it doesn't leave ANY room on the side. If it was 2 millimeters wider it would be perfect.
This cover worked well and seems very protective until I started exercising with it on. Sweat gets under it every time now and then you can no longer control the watch until you take off the bands, remove the case, clean it and the watch off, and then put it all back together. Works fine for my daughter who does not sweat as much.
I've had the single ear version for a year now and it is great for phone calls. I've never had a problem except in really noisy areas. I decided to try these for music as I wanted the completely wireless experience especially while flying. They work, as others noted they don't do well outside or in large indoor spaces like an airport. One or both units drop out frequently when you turn your head or stop working altogether. I can't take the dog for a walk with them. This I think is more the technology than the product. I have issues some times using other bluetooth headphones while outside. I also had one of them go into some kind of fault and would not turn off (a particular issue with these I've had, could be my big fingers). There was a buzzing noise and no music. I let the battery die (which seemed to take longer than when in use) and after recharging have worked fine. The battery life seems poor. On more than one occasion I believe they were fully charged and they died after a short time. I did expect more from these based on my previous experience, and I am disappointed in them. I would not recommend these and I'm not sure I would trust this company to buy other products. In doors in the office or at home they work fine. For airports, costco, and outside I would suggest something else.
Was missing the adapter at to return it cannot write product review
It wad nice but bulky
I have an iPhone XS Max holds the phone great. However it doesn't fit in my vents. The connectors are too short.
The case is a little large around the phone, so my grand daughter will not use it. The case is nice other then the size.
TO HARD TO TOUCH THE KEYBOARD N HARD TO GET THE PEN OUT
The phone is okay, just have issues with camera. Won't open up most of the time,when it does it's my face is upside down so annoying.
This does not have volume control as it says in the pictures. Bought this for a 2 year old for trips. It is a little big but will work okay. Not sure I like how they fold but we will see how they hold up.
Ordered this item for the charging capabilities & LED light before Hurricane Florence. Charger works well, charges quick with adapter, and charged my phone fully with plenty of battery life remaining. I was unable to use the solar charging option due to the weather, however LED lights did not work at all. Since I bought this for the hurricane, I could not wait to return and receive a new one.
It's just like all the rust where is it works great at the beginning and then the cable comes loose after using them for several weeks
I suggest everyone get one and throw away the original. Very well built.
It is OK. It keeps the phone from sliding in my hand.
We got these to communicate with my son on his walk to and from school. It's little less than half a mile. The school is 1 neighborhood street behind our house. There's 3 houses directly behind ours then an open field to the school. The sound quality is quite poor for this distance. I was very disappointed since there is not much interference between the two points. They are easy to use and small.
Camera works good and looks good but it came right out of the box with scratches on the front on the ring around the lense like it was slid across a table or something. Didn't feel like sending it back and it still works so I'll deal with it.
Well, it's nice that there's a fan speed and it's pretty quiet. But it broke off the base after 2 days. My husband rigged it so we can still use it.
I love the design of this thing, but I'm torn between 3 and 4 stars, so consider this a lower end 3.5. The extra ports are handy, very nice to have extra usb power. However - the one thing keeping this thing from 4 or 5 stars is how picky it is with placement. Maybe it's the form factor, but I find I have to take extra time to get it in the right place.
Works great at blocking external noise and sound quality is fair for the money, noise cancelling is non existent as there is no noticeable difference between being enabled and disabled.
Not in original box but watch itself is fine
Color of leather much lighter than it is in photo. Low quality
The device covers the eyes, the device with the adjustable straps will fit any head, the device pairs easily with your wireless computer, pad or phone, the device is priced well within reason. The only complaint I have is that when I have it in position for more than a few minutes, my forehead and eye sockets build up considerable heat that has no place to dissipate.
I am not sure why but 2 of them have cracked. I am unsure if that is suppose to happen. My main screen is ok and its easy to change. Maybe my screen would have cracked if i did not have screen protector on.
This holder came very nice looking and strong, so I was very excited. However, the mount couldn't hold my phone tightly, even when I already removed the phone case. My phone fell off right when I started to move my car. I also found the ball joint is very hard to install. Once I pushed the ball in place, the screw wouldn't be able to fit in any more. When I finally tightened it half way in, which took almost an hour and hurted my hand, the ball was snuggled and barely movable. The suction cup, on the other hand, is super strong. It stays put wherever I put it and is very hard to take off.
Not great sound but worked
I bought the gray/purple color and it's beautiful. Unfortunately after 2 weeks of use the color is fading away! I can't figure out why :(
Just OK. They don't grab the SD cards quite as tight as I would like them to. I often open the case and find one or two out of their slots.
It worked well the first week but now I need to move my phone around to find the proper charge.
Very thin, provides no protection for screen. Screen protector is recommended.
It was very thin. No protection.
Nice cover But is hard to work with a screen
I like the looks of this phone case but the bottom hole the plug to recharge the phone does not fit right the opening is too small also the case makes my phone so heavy that it tires my hand after a while.
Could not pair it with the Samsung Note 9. Must have tried 25 times. But nice little tripod anyway. Bought 2 of them. Great to use when video chatting with my son in the Navy stationed overseas.
Works well but will not connect with my Samsung App
Product worked great at first. Batteries do get hot and charge very slowly if charged in phone though. I was able to avoid charging batteries in phone when the charger base worked. Now even dead batteries light up blue when plugged in and won't charge. Requested a replacement from seller still waiting for reply. I will update if issue is resolved with seller
These cables don't seem to work reliably with all of our iPhones. We sometimes have to remove the plug and try again to get it to 'connect' - doesn't work with our oldest iPhone (iPhone 6) at all.
While I am happy with the construction, fit, and thoughtful changes, I miss the leather. Not sure this will hold up.
My phone stuck the first day for a long drive. The second day my phone fell off. Now it will stay for a while if I press the phone really hard into it. I do have a little texture on my phone case, so maybe that is the problem. I am going to try the magnet holder next.
Nice phone case, but the clasp wears out and cracks over time when opening the case to look at the phone. I've already replaced with something that doesn't have a clasp.
Fits very snug in the socket adapter and have not had any problems with it falling from weight (which is what I feared when I ordered it). The only problem I'm having is there is some sort of "buzzing/static" feedback when using the adapter. I can touch the cord and the sound goes away. I don't believe it's an issue with my vehicle because I don't have this issue with the OEM supply cord that came with radio. I'm assuming that the power supply cord with this adapter is not grounded well or possibly not strong enough to make a perfect connection.
Will not allow wireless charging. Kick stand leaves much to be desired
Fast shipping, but the screen is waaay to dark for day time, even when you turn the brightness all the way up....
This case is thinner than another I've tried, which I like. The cutouts match everywhere on the phone except: the volume buttons are shaped as small nubs rather than the actual shape of the "buttons" on the phone. This wouldn't be an issue, but the volume up nub is not directly centered over the button where it should be, making the haptic button harder to activate than it already is.
I ordered this battery because it is advertised as supporting NFC. Well it doesn't. I have attempted to use it with Android Pay and it would not work. With a Samsung battery, I was able to use Android Pay in the same stores. However, the battery itself works and the customer service is responsive.
Mine burned on the fourth month!
It's a great product but it turns my phone off alot. But the concept is awesome
You get what you pay for. Get ready to resize and ok quality, not bad...not great.. but ok.
Easy to install and appears good quality. The screen protector does not go to the edge in an Iphone XS. I have an Iphone 11 ProMax and the same company makes a good fit for the screen protector.
Most of them do not work anymore. I guess as the saying goes... You get what you pay for 🤷
I liked the concept and look of the case but it was on my phone for 3 days before the ring broke off of it. Thank goodness I wasn't relying on the ring or my $700 phone would have been shattered. I guess I get what I pay for. Update: i updated it to 3 stars. I received a message from the seller who was willing to send another case or refund me. I already purchased another case elsewhere so I took the refund. They were very kind and understanding about my needs regarding my mishap with their product which I appreciate. Unfortunately due to the quality of the ring (the main reason I purchased) I can't give it more than 3 stars.
First off this sounds great and works fine for the most part but i HATE it. Technical function: call quality is very good. Strength is okay. some drops when phone in pocket. Design: ALL of the parts/surfaces of the headset (where you hold to put in your ear) are touch sensitive buttons. Each time this tiny thing wiggles while i'm moving and i try to re-seat it, i hang up or activate some function. Maybe you are supposed to grab it by the tiny microphone? i don't know but that's annoying. i use a headset when i need to move with my hands and this constantly falls out using varying sizes of ear bud. Battery charger stone: does not hold charge for 2 days. always dead when i go to use it. might be a motion sensing problem as i keep it in my bag. fully charged on the plane, dead the next day with no intentional use. no visible connections on my phone. decent product but be aware of these issues if they matter to you. i'm hoping i can fashion an ear hook or i will probably leave this permanently plugged in somewhere and seldom use it. waited too long to return.
Works normal, but not perfect. Some times it freezing for a couple of seconds. That's a little bit sad moment. It's better pay more and take a brand.
It's a really good battery. Works well and you can charge a lot of times you phone. Takes some time to charge but it's normal, it's a big one. ;) But thre is a problem, sometimes the monitor got stucks at 100%, and you can use as normal but the number doesn't change. I bought two and is happening the same on both.
Tempered glass cover did not stick, and broke quickly. Access to phone when in holster is difficult. Protects phone well though.
These have lasted only 2.5 months in our home. No damage to the chord, etc. just stop producing a charge. How long should they last?
Thick Screen protector, Case doesn't look very shock absorbent Edit: Case broke after first drop
At the beginning when I got the adapter it was working well and charging my phone very quickly but I got it around January and it is now March and I find this adapter not working well at all anymore it does not charge my phone at the speed as it used to nor does it charge my phone when I'm using it.
It has good quality in its manufacture, its materials are not of high quality, with the time the paint is damaged and it begins to break
This product lacks one aspect that would make it great, and that is rubber around the expanding grips. Yes, the item sits in a cup holder but since all cars cup holders are plastic and this item is plastic, it leaves you with a very slippery and frustrating installation. Now that I have griped, here is the solution. Wrap some large rubber bands around the base before placing into the cup holder.
This case is very stylish. If that's what you're going for and you're not clumsy and never drop your phone (highly unlikely) then this is the case for you. I do like the look and feel of this case but if it's dropped on its back there will be ZERO protection for the camera. Most cases have a raised edge around the camera for protection if it's dropped. This case doesn't offer that protection for your camera being that it's flat straight across. I have the iPhone XS. As promised the case is compatible for wireless charging which is what I use it for because my other case has a pop socket on it that I can't live without. On the other hand, this case is not print resistant but it does compliment the look of the iPhone especially if you have the gold model.
I bought 2 of these one for me and another for my hubby. Got in red and blue. Color and cover are as described. However, it gets only 3 star for the very cheaply made screen protector which keeps getting finger smudges and not very sensitive to touch. It doesn't even feel like tempered glass but looks and feels more like plastic made. I would invest in separate glass protector. My husband had to remove his to make the touch screen work! Would rather some few more bucks and get a better one.
The case seems durable but the stand broke off after a few weeks of use.
Case breaks very easily. Cheap plastic.
You cannot charge your Versa 2 with this protector on it. It's too bulky & didn't fit in the charger clip. You have to take it off.
Love caseology cases, and I have several. I was thrilled for a gray, as it is my favorite color. Unfortunately I rarely use this case, and have opted to put on my broken navy caseology most days (which I ordered this one to replace)— as dark wash fabric stains this color and it really bothers me and I regularly wear dark wash jeans/ shorts. I have had this issue with the salmon colored one and mint too. Lesson learned, only get the dark colored cases to avoid color rubbing off.
Once I added this to my S9 plus it wasnt too touchscreen friendly. Made it difficult to text as I would have to hit most letters twice before they would actually work. Disappointing.
I really like this case Especially since i dont have the screen protector just yet its protects my phone my entire phone its like a armor on here lol love it but the clip part that goes on ur side loosens up fast doesnt have a firm hold anymore
It was a decent case, but the outer metal lining broke after a few months.
Hard to put on, couldn't get the air bubbles out. No instructions.
Worked well for a few weeks, but then connection became intermittent (only charged when I applied pressure). Same thing happened with the second cord. It seems that the connectors are cheaply made. Update: the seller promised to refund my original purchase and send me new, better-quality cords without requiring me to return the broken ones.
I had this case for a less than a month and couldn't get over the clicking noise while typing. The space between the case cover and phone was to great so it sounded like typing on a plastic film. I could have dealt with that but after a few weeks the control knob on the side of the case broke off while I was turning off my ringer? I had only used it half and dozen times and it broke. As far as the waterproof feature, it seemed to handle that well. I didn't fully submerged the phone in water, but the spills from cooking and children held up.
Cable will not hold a connection with unit if you bump the cable at all it will stop changing.
This product is so cute! I really wanted it to work for me, but as you can see, the adhesive on the back was so tiny (small black circle inside the large adhesive was only sticky part). Maybe this one was a factory defect?
The battery does not last more than 3-4 hours
I like the case, the color is gorgeous (I gor the Rose Gold one) and the quality is great for the price. I got it over a month ago, I have dropped my phone while in the case and the paint is perfect, no scratches or anything. The ring works just fine, I actually love it. My only problem is that it doesn't fit the charger (I have the original charger), so I cannot charge my phone while in the case which is a bit annoying.
I was excited to receive a new phone case to replace the one I had prior. The case is a breeze to install however, the case is quite slippery. There's no rubber grip on the exterior. I won't order again based on this feature, or lack thereof, alone.
It works, just not what i was expecting.
Cute design and very functional. Just wish it was made with better quality materials so I don't have to keep replacing these. Lasted about 6 months. Very little selection online of these phone wallets in good quality. I'd happily pay a lot more to get a cute one that lasts for years, rather than months.
The speakers sounded ok, but were lacking bass. I have a OontZ Angle 3 ultra that I bought a few weeks back(single) speaker,and the sound quality is better
The waterproofing was not reliable. People said they couldn't hear me when I was talking.
The portable charger is way too heavy
Pretty good. Can't use my case with it, it pops off. Not quite as sensitive as they claim.
I bought this product back in 2016. I loved it. However, after about 2 years the plastic grip on the ball broke.
I just got the another battery. Hopefully it works.
I like the look and feel of these but I had to go through 3 of them to find one that didn't have tiny cuts or imperfections that caused the screen protector to bubble on the screen.
GOOD, Design, Texture The most amazing part of the card holder is that if feels very soft and smooth and doesn't feel like hard rubber. It sticks well to your phone and is easily very removable. It fits well with a case and does not have much thickness to it, which is nice when holding it for watching videos on your phone. It takes barely any time to get a card out of the card holder and doesn't take effort to pull a card out. It gets the job done for a decently cheap price. BAD Durability It can hold more than one card, but I would personally not put more than 2-3 cards in there at a time because after the cards have been in the card holder, the material becomes loose and thus less practical for putting in only 1 card because it could slip out easily. Sometimes when I used the card holder with 2 cards at once 1 card would slip out of the holder when it was in my pocket, so suddenly you would be afraid that you lost your credit card on the floor of a mall. After 6 months of use, in which I treated the product decently for something that is attached to your phone at all times, the pocket started to tear after having around 2 cards in there at a time. Eventually I had a hole in the card holder which only got bigger and it didn't become reliable to hold any more cards.
The biggest drawback for this Moto Mod is that it is only a vent mount. The second drawback is that it will not clamp tightly onto a vertical vent. In order to get this to stay put I modified my vent so that the clamp engages the vent more. It does hold the phone securely (Moto Z2 Play).
Did not work on my iPhone 8. It fit but buttons on sides did not work.
I love how they're made. Very light, flexible. You will need to be careful with the charger port cover, not well placed. But the sound quality is TERRIBLE. I I have a Samsung S9 and I usually get a Samsung bluetooth but I did like how the U Flex is made, I've broken it twice because the earbud cords hang too long on me. Thought these would be a good replacement since Samsungs come with AKG headsets now but I can't stand the sound and it randomly disconnects. I just got them yesterday and I've already ordered a samsung headphone and started a return process.
Nice adapters. Nice feel and flexibility. Good charging rate. But they began to fail after only 4 months of moderate use.
Well it would have been a good value if it in fact worked. But sadly it did not . I have an Apple X and it did not work. Ugh!
Sound is very quiet, not good quality. But what do I expect for the price.
case did good job of protecting touch but sides too high, hard to touch screen on sides. moisture easily collected on edges of screen
Quality and feel was good the only complain that I have is that the screen protector is not as clear. it is very noticeable when your outside. It's too bad though the feel on hand was good and seems like it can provide good protection.
I was some what disappoint because I thought this could be used with games etc , turns out my kids could only watch movies from their phones. The phone also keeps falling out of place. When I received it the front piece fell off the same day.
I love the case, but you can barely hear anyone on the phone when you have it on. Or the other person who's contacting you only hears weird noises not you speaking.
As soon a I've built up enough sweat, the Velcro will not hold.
I tried to install this three times and each time I found I had an air bubble under the screen protector. If you can figure out how to install this without getting air bubbles it is a great product.
The zipper is not as good quality as other amazon products, can open and broken very easy
Beautiful piece, but it keeps getting stuck. Really difficult to remove.
The actual product is great. The biggest issue is with my hands free magnet. I have 2 metal plates on my phone under this case and the magnet is still having issues keeping the phone in place with the case. The case is thicker and heavier than most basic cases so it causes issues with the phone sliding down the magnet and falling off. If you live in a state where you can hold your phone while driving this isn't an issue. But if you are from a state where holding touching your phone while in your car, even stopped at a red light, will land you a fatty ticket, I would go a different route that this case.
the screen protector will not line up if you line up the little cut out for the lg symbol the top left corner cut out for the camera will be to low or vice versa if you meet in the middle some where the top left corner just covers your screen. the screen protector also only sticks with adhesive around the edge and doesn't sit flush with the touch part of the screen so it does change the screens sensitivity but at least it was cheap when I bought it
did not fit my phone
You can't have the case on when trying to charge. Or have ear phones connected.
I purchase mine for an Android phone. But when it came in but it is for iphone. See picture attached. I dont want to do return so I'm giving it to my sister instead. I just wanted to let ya know. T-T
Great features on this case, I was very pleased with it until a crack developed about 2 weeks ago along the side and finally broke off (see photos). The phone was never dropped, it looks like it was caused by the flexing between the hard case and the inner rubber case.
Installing the phone in the case is very easy. The problem I'm having is getting the fingerprint scan to work. I followed the instructions but the fingerprint scan does not work. I'd rather use the fingerprint than face recognition. With that being said, I'm gonna have to find me a new case. I love the case though but i need that fingerprint scan to work.
Used this product for 4 months. It is slim and pretty though. It is kind of slippy. Yesterday, my iphone fell off my pant pocket. Now the back panel glass is broken and the front screen protection glass is also broken (not the touch screen glass). I want my money back and tech21 should pay me to replace the back panel glass.
Nicely made but the clip does not fit tight enough on jeans..too loose..wish there was someway to make the clip tighter.
I ordered the wrong phone size. Not the company's fault. I looked at the return policy and I only get two bucks back if I tried to return it. It looks like it's a nice quality just bummed about the return policy. Ordered the correct size from a different company with a better return policy.
It's nice, but I wish it came with a. Wrist handle so I can wrap it around my wrist. It already has a metal part so you can hook one on...
Doesn't come with the mount so having to buy them both is quite pricey. I ended up going with another brand
Last three good months before the stand broke. Then the skin came off
Very thin case, looks nice, not sure if it is very protective
Dropped it once it cracked on impact
The band was nice and attractive but not one I thought enhanced my Apple watch. I will look for a more expensive band that will do it for me.
First the good: Got this for myself for my birthday in July. I LOVE the look of it and intended to use it for hiking, so the GPS was an important feature. In two months, I've had the GPS fail on me twice. So, not perfect, but could be worse. I'm content with it. Now the not so good: The worst thing to me is that the software and sync is pretty glitchy. I've had several days that heartrate, sleep, and activity data don't sync. They're displayed on the watch, but don't make it to the app and I've had to hard reset, which means lose the data in the watch, and then need to re-do all the customizing. Essentially I've had to factory re-set every three weeks, which I feel is a little much for a brand new device. I've been chatting and on the phone with garmin support several times, and they agreed this is a warranty issue, and sent me an RMA number. Super happy with that, until i read it indicates that I will be getting a refurbished watch. I have had a brand new vivoactive 3 for under 2 months and the warranty replacement is refurbished? I wouldn't have spent full price on a new one LESS THAN 60 days ago if I wanted refurbished! I'm going to have to think about whether or not i want to go that route. The battery life is average since I customized my watch face. Not a picture, just some additional features compared to the standard (pretty lame) face. I guess that cuts battery life in half. I think you can expect users to customize their watch face, so stop marketing it as a long battery life and instead be straight-forward about the real situation.
b++ SENT WRONG ONE AND FOUND SOMEONE WHO NEEDED IT FOR THIER CAR
They don't go as far as they say but they're pretty decent less then a mile
Overall, it protects the screen and doesn't interfere with the screen sensitivity but even after putting it on super carefully, a few air bubbles can be seen at the curved edges.
The sticker stating the back of the protector was stuck to the glass and left a gooey stain that I couldn't remove. I didn't return because the 2nd one was OK.
The biggest issue I had with this product - this is the 3rd consecutive time that the screen develops a bubble on the upper left hand side and slowly grows. Each time it literally just separated from the phone and wound up cracking. Oh well - otherwise it was a good product while it lasted.
Great case fits good but the switch that turns your phones vibrate on and off broke right away and never worked right.
I bought these for myself and friends at work, we are all cat lovers and have cats. Pleased to say that delivery was fast however one of them was missing the part that plugs into the devise which makes it useless and one of them has a loose plug which would cause me to be worried that it may get stuck in the device. Would have given 5 stars for how cute they are but really needed all of them to be useful.
Durable and solid protective case. Although the case doesn't add bulk, it does add mass. The extra battery juice gives me about 2.5 days of use before both sources are down to 0%. The case started to not work with my phone, but with the support from the vendor they helped me fix this issue. I would recommend this product if looking for modest battery case for prolonged "cordless" use.
Working well and easy grip
Ehhh, it's fine, but cheaply made. Your phone won't break if you drop it. But I'd buy something else if I had to buy a new case.
This case was good for the first two weeks until the whole rim around the case came off. I recommend this case if you have a back up case also the case gets lots of scratches.
Works well but is sensitive. If you push your phone in too hard it falls off. Also does not fit well if you have a pop socket.
I actually cannot use this, it looks nice but it is very slippery and fear I will drop my phone and break it.
People can still see your screen. Offers some privacy but not complete privacy
One screen cracked very easily. This product is junk. I would advise people not to buy it. Poor quality.
Mine is leaving some color on my wrist. I have the coffee leather one. Love the look but don't like the fading. It rubs off easily on to a damp cloth as well. Hopefully it's just a thin layer and isn't going to continue leaking color onto my skin
I put on the protector and an hour later, without dropping my phone or doing anything with it, it already had a crack near the bottom of my phone.
I bought this for my special needs son and it is very durable yet very hard to open the cover to charge the phone, also hard to get the cord into the phone. Neither he or I can open the case to charge the phone that way.
The bracelet broke the next day randomly beads everywhere but the case is really pretty
It's a really great pop socket! Only reason I put 3 stars is because somehow my husband managed to break this one from putting his phone in his pocket and it would just break off.
It works, but I used it for a tablet, not a phone. It is unbalanced. My bad for not researching
I do like the product for the price, only have one big issue with it. The suction cup does not work at all. I've tried to apply it to different surfaces and nothing. Not even on glass. Disappointed because it does not do what it's intended to, but at least I have the vent clip that actually works.
Overall a good sleeve with many compartments. Only downside was the loose stitching as there were many threads sticking out.
The case is fine. The only thing I hate is how the phone covers up my speaker on my phone and people couldn't hear me like that. I only use it if it rains outside.
It's an ok case. Fits well. It does get dirty very easily and quickly. Also feel as though my phone tends to hold heat during overheating when in this case longer. Not sure about phone in ways of protection. Few drops but not from standing positions and never outside.
One quit working after 2 uses. The others are doing well so far.
Nice case and my kindle hd 8.9 fits but I don't think it was made for my tablet generation since I cannot access the buttons while in the case.
The Grip is excellent in your hands, but makes it more difficult to put it in your jeans pockets or take it out. After a while the soft layer gets scratches.
Doesn't always charge phone when it is plugged in. Occasionally have to move cord to start charging.
Ive ordered these twice. The first time I ordered them they lasted quite a long time. But the second time I purchased them, I'd broken 2 within a week of each other. Now that being said, I'm sure those instances that broke the glass would have left a nasty ding or crack in my watch face, so it did do it's job
Second case that was sent to me, still stopped charging after less than 2months of use. Cable barely register with the device.
Phone still would not charge for more than 4 hours of use. Now have new phones.
I love the leathery design, and the fact that I can take a few cards with me without a wallet. Unfortunately, there isn't a lot of variety out there for the S7, so this is really one of your only options. Case fits fairly loosely, but it has never fallen off. It is also a lot of plastic but it has a good look. There isn't a lot of protection offered between the leather, plastic, and loose fit. 4 stars -edit- The *leather* on the outside has started to separate from the plastic. The rubber seal around the case is very flimsy. 3 stars
I needed a bigger band. This is just the same size as the origina.
Nice case but only hold max 3 cards
The case itself is a really good one and protects my phone really well. The only downside I've noticed so far is that it is starting to make my screen protector to come up
Not for me, they don't sit properly and aren't adjustable. Way too big for my head. Had a hard time unpairing and repairing to a different device. I'm returning them. My brother absolutely adores his. But I can't see paying $150 for something that doesn't sit properly and annoy me.
Looks same as in picture ,just abit pricey ive seen same product on wish for way far less
I agree with another reviewer that the included screw is too small and allows the horse part to move side to side. I had to replace it with a thicker screw. It is small but cute. It doesn't support a larger device as well but it works great for my daughter's IPOD. I didn't like the natural color but I painted it so no biggy.
Sound is good very clunky
The cord looked very thin and fragile (especially the connection between the cord and the audio jack). After one week of use, the left channel stopped working. Disappointing, but kind of expected. It doesn't seem there are any quality cassette adapters available these days.
The battery is not strong
I've had this battery since Feb 2018 and it has been great. My Samsung batteries kept having the issue where the phone would shut down and restart repeatedly. This battery never did that and I felt like I had good life until recently. Today I just noticed that my phone wasn't laying flat anymore, and the battery is all swelled up and was even pushing on the screen from inside. So back to the old batteries for now, but I am going to try this battery again, because for $14 I think it's still a pretty good deal for 18 months worth of battery life.
Not as thin as I thought it would be.
Not happy with how flimsy the earpieces are.wont stay on my ears
It looks really nice and wraps around the whole screen. Sad that it cracked both kinda easily not dropping it hard or nothing and it cracked.
It's just okay. Not as realistic as it looks in the stock photo. Looks rather dull, and like it was a photo copy, glued onto the case. I'll update once my daughter uses it, to review if it fits correctly, and protects. *UPDATE* I bought my daughter 2 marble cases, and while I liked the other one much more, this is the one she LOVED. She's 15 and thinks it's the best case ever. Shows what I know.
I am giving this product 3 stars for two reasons. First, the tripod part when you put the phone on it tends to fall forward all the time. Especially when extended fully. It's like there is a swivel part on the bottom that doesn't make it secure. I actually tried to email the seller a couple of times to ask about this and got no response. Although I liked the product, these two things made me give it a lower rating
Did not load properly even wit new sim card.
This works good, however the sticky stuff on the side doesn't stick very well therefore the top comes off easy. You need to put more sticky on the sides and top.
I gave it a 3 because I love this case but I've bought 2 for my iPhone and they both broke in the same place, the door keeps falling off. I can't keep anything in there. I purchased on for my Android and it works great and is still intact. The case is very protective.
Don't like that the phone station is in stable
I have a LG g7 and it works, however it is EXTREMLY SLOW!! At 30% it takes 3 hours to charge.
I like the screen protector, seems good quality for the money. I don't like how this leaves raised edges on my Moto Z Force, makes it easy to remove or get snagged and pull up; -1 star. Also, the oversized white release plastic is stupid. The oversized plastic makes the installation videos useless because you can't use the "hinge" method for installing. Being white and non-transparent also prevents install because you can't see your phone for alignment. These two issues will knock another star.. easy fix for the manufacturer. Ultimately I installed it using the old fashion way and it worked out just fine.
The color on the one that arrived was more blue that gray. Gave it to one of my children.
Not bad for the price but noise cancelling is lacking. I gave them away to someone who did not have a need for great nc.
It works great on some iOS apps but I've found a couple it couldn't work with. The ones I use it for, it does good.
It works, however with most curved screen protectors, you can see the clear tape around the edges
Does not work with a case. Outside of the case it fits well and works good.
It was alright. A little itchy but tough
Good for the price, last about 3 months.
Wet wipes were not wet.
I tried to contact the seller and did not receive a reply.
Loved my last lifeproof case, so i decided to go with the NUUD since I have the rose gold iPhone. I love the color, but I'm not sure about the quality. The pink part has starting separating from the actual case, I've superglued it back and I'm kinda MEH about it. Also the pink part got dirty really fast, which was expected, but I hav didn't yet to find something that will clean it well. I will purchase from lifeproof again, but not this case.
I got this case because it's light and practical. Really like it has the magnet for my car mount. However, it didn't protect my phone... I was standing in front of a desk when my excited co-worker knocked my phone out of my hand. It was a 2 feet drop to the table, I figured it wasn't a big deal til I saw the cracked screen. The little broken glass started to chip away from the phone, and I was speechless. The APPLE staff said I needed a phone case that "wrap around the corner" to protect the phone. This one does not have that feature... Then I talked to the seller and they admit it's suppose to be light weight, not protective for the monitor. (faint!) Now I plan to place some Sugru clay on 4 corners to protect my phone. The bottom line: Still like the case. BUT if I knew it won't protect my screen, I would not have purchased it.
My 10 year old said she wanted a phone...so we got her this. Sound is ok, battery lasts forever...pictures are dismal and she cant figure out how to download games or music, but as a phone its works and the battery lasts forever.
I really like the champagne color band - the color is unique and fun, allowing me to wear it with almost everything. The white - I am not a fan. It looks like white out and the paint was already chipped when it arrived. The white one also seems to come unattached from the actual fitbit. I haven't had that problem with the champagne one, but definitely something to keep in mind. That's one thing to be careful of - the paint will chip if you knock it.
The color is much brighter than shown on the ad but also, something I didn't even think about when I ordered.... It comes in a large. So I am a normal 130 lbs female and its on the last hole with several inches tucked into the back which I don't love. So the band fits and does what its supposed to do but I was expecting a more neutral palate and shorter.
The case is great looking and very well made with a nice quality leather. I charged my phone using the inside case on my Samsung wireless charger. The charger worked fine and when I removed phone from the charger there were 2 partial rings left on the leather case. I wrote the company and they replied they don't recommend using charged with silicone rings since they will damage leather. If that is an issue, why didn't they include that warning with the case? I did send a picture and they said they would get back to me Monday (2 days ago) and would see if they can help. I love the case, but now have an $80 case with damage no one said would happen. Beware
Their ok. I didn't like the sound quality it was kinda low. Gave them to my wife she likes them though.
I was thinking that have a power supply together. It is just the support. The top end for cable assembly could be more longer because could break the cable easy
Not really a good phone when it come to the RAM and also the software is not latest Windows 10. I'm not sure it can be upgraded to W10.
I was disappointed that there is no charging access on this case. you have to completely take the phone out of the case in order to charge it. Other companies have waterproof cases that have ports that open for charging. It's hard to see how this can be used as an everyday case. The case also comes with a neck strap but directions do not show where or how you can attach it.
Does it really do anything? Who knows
It's an OK thing. Very cheap. I'm writing a review now after having it for a few months. Each ring broke within a few weeks. (Less than about a month). Wouldn't buy again and don't recommend. Gave it 3 stars because it does work as intended just doesn't last.
Not a perfect fit and you have to cut pretty thick plastic if you're using a double DIN radio.
This screen is so bright , the whites are not whites
I tried to make this little shit fit into my dash, but it was just BARELY too big. It looks good and matches the dash, but it would just not fit. I ended up using the mount that came with the Radio and it's ok I guess, but I was really hoping this would work. The Harness worked perfectly though so at least there is that.
Once this is on, it isn't coming off. It is not compatible with dock type chargers. It is also slightly bulky, but not as much as one of the old Otterbox types
The case looked a little different in person than online. And the screen protector was total garbage.
The sound isn't too good, and it gets hot really quick
very slippery, phone falls out if bumped
Tempered glass cover was already shattered upon arrival.
Difficult to type with front cover case. Super bulky
At first I loved this iPhone case. It was the perfect size for my phone. I am able to carry a credit card and business card in the inside pocket. However, after a month I noticed the fabric under the clasp is starting to fray. So I'm giving it a 2 star for durability. If the manufacturer can fix this issue, I think it will be perfect.
I have a rhino band for my iwatch and it will not charge with it on. I also have a rugged case for my iPhone X and also have to take it off as well. Also in order to get the fast charge you need to buy a faster wall plug for it to work properly, Very disappointed.
Band magnet catches on band and scratches outer part of band
One port stopped working after 2 months
As far as the case it self goes. Its beautifully made. But the metal causes tons of singal loss.
It's just plastic, not a film, and looked like a piece of plastic sitting on my phone. Meh.
I like the material and color of this band, but it keeps falling apart. Have stopped wearing it because I'm afraid I'll lose the Fitbit. Too bad.
Phone case started falling apart after a month and a half. Made of poor material so I guess why it's so cheap
The holder is very discreet and easy to mount, but the magnet does not hold an iPhone 6 Plus.
I bought 2 of these series 2 watches and very very disappointed how they arrived. Both of the little white boxes that they came in were opened and the watch pieces were just laying in the box. They weren't sealed or anything. The boxes could've been sealed or something so that the parts weren't just getting tossed around in the box. That's a lot of money (x2) to pay for something if it's going to be damaged.
I liked the idea its cool but the magnets arent strong enough one of the chargers went out and one charges very slowly
Worked great for about 3 weeks, then the right speaker just stopped working during phone calls.
Screen protector cracks easy. Mine cracked in a week and idk how it happened.
Its nice but you can't use the wireless charge function.
I bought this for my iPhone X's. It seemed like the right one. But the leather shell started to peel off from inner part. It is little over two months and am dissatisfied.
Not what I expected. Just feels like cheap plastic.
So glad this comes in a 5 pack cause it'll take you three try's to get it right. It didn't help that one of the glass protectors was chipped so it couldn't be used. Tried contacting the seller and have not heard back from them for a replacement. Will say though that after finally getting one to adhere properly, it makes my old phone look new.
It looked durable. Hard to remove. Hit/miss on buttons.
Looks and fits great but popped off after 1 week.
Small. Does not get to the corners.
Fit on the phone very well and sensitivity is great, but used it for one day and the front protective screen is already scratched.
Seriously, seriously just ***decent***. SQ is clobbered with this case, and fit is atrocious. (It DOES fit, but you need 4 hands to demonstrate that sadly.)
Pop socket came off after two weeks. Poor glue/tape. It is not because of the heat...it has been no hotter than 72 during the day.
The sole doesn't rotate, so it can just mount on a tripod in one way.
stopped working already.
Everything works well, it has enough battery for my iphone 6s+ to charge more than once. The second time I ordered it, the package was missing a pouch to carry the battery in with me. Not sure what happened there..
Camera defects. Keeps shaking, apple said its not eligible for free replacement. Wondering why this started happening now
good but did not fit my phone. I rarely send anything back because it was my fault for choosing the wrong one. I cut it to fit and it's ok.
The case definitely has a rugged feel, but is not as sturdy as I thought it would be. The kickstand, although functional doesn't stay locked in and is constantly swinging out, which is very annoying. The belt clip holder was very weak, as it shattered when I bumped into my counter, which also shattered the screen protector. I guess at this price-point, it's not a terrible buy, but now I don't belt clip and a broken screen protector. I have used other products, uglier, that are way sturdier at this price point.
While the phone case was very cute and I enjoyed the feel of it in my hand, the durability of it is questionable. I paired this case with a screen protector. The first week of having it, I dropped my phone once less than 2 ft and there is already a crack on the side of the case. My phone fell out for the second time today and now there's a piece chipped off from the side that received impact. No damage to my phone, thankfully. The silicon part of the phone fits a bit loosely but still snug to where the case will stay. For the price, it is still worth it if you want a decorative phone case. But if you want a more protective and durable case suggest finding one elsewhere.
For whatever the reason, I am not getting as much improved battery life as I thought I would get. The product description said it would work with my older iPhone 6 Plus, but my phone says "not compatible". I am disappointed by that. I do feel as though I wasted the money, once again. I guess I am going to have to upgrade my phone soon, as much as I did not want to do that.
Should've gotten the armband for the 7 plus. My fault I didn't read description correctly.
Nice case. Cut outs are perfect. Wish the case covered the top and bottom edges (it doesn't). Barely know the case is on the phone. Didn't feel this provides much protection on accidental drops so I will look elsewhere.
I tried several Bluetooth adapters and this model has the best sound quality for the iPhone as it plays the AAC codec. However, I had issues connecting several times and this model definitely needs a ground loop isolator to cut out the buzzing noise caused by your car engine.
Nice band for the price, but was a little disappointed at that the buckle and the other hardware/attachments do not match. The hardware to attach the band to the watch are in rose gold, but the buckle is gold. When looking at the picture of the item, both look rose gold.
Highly recommended! Very nice screen protector I bought. First packaging is very good, looks very delicate, and then the screen protector glass quality is also very good, very clear, there will be no scratches, although it did take me the whole package of protectors to get it on the screen right. But that's pretty common with them since it takes some getting used to.
I have this with a Spigen Tough Armor. Dropped phone from about 4 ft, on the bottom left corner. Whitestone glass cracked and chipped. Phone screen cracked in 3 places, all with web cracks. BUT before it broke, the screen protector was REALLY nice. It felt better than the original screen and the touch response is not affected. Installation was a breeze. Just don't rush it and make sure ALL dust particles are off the screen. Update on 2nd Whitestone glass: It's worse than the first one. Glass cracked and chipped while in my pocket. I have cracks down the entire glass. It's definitely not worth it. There are cheaper alternatives that protect better and last longer. VERY DISAPPOINTED even after 2 tries.
kind of hard to apply. had it on my phone now for 3 weeks and it stuck to the couch and pulled off
The back of the case is incredibly thick---which makes some sense---but because of that, I cannot easily reach the fingerprint sensor and have to use a different method to unlock the phone. Other than that, the case is fine.
Ring is so loose it's no longer functional
Left ear went out 1st. But I guess you get what you pay for
It was fantastic until I dropped it.... Then the arm broke of the back. The button for the power is slightly off from the actual button and so when I'm trying to turn it on sometimes it turns it back off
product clearly has been used before - smells like dryer sheets.
I first ordered Ringo Mini back in mid-May and it was great when I started using it. The kickstand and magnetic capabilities were amazing. Now, it's July and the hinge that connects to the base has become so loose to the point where I can't even use it as a stand anymore. It's disappointing because this is a product I really liked and enjoyed using it. I hoped it would last longer than a couple of months. A plus is that the magnetic mount works great! My phone never really rotated as I turned the way it did when I had a magnetic plate on the back of my case - and I have an iPhone 8+.
Didn't work for me. I wanted to use it in my car to hold my cell phone guess a IPhone 8 Plus is too heavy
I read the descriptions but should have looked more closely at the photos. I have an older iPod Nano and iPad, so this was the wrong connector for me. However I did have an older cord with the correct connector that I was able to use with the plug receptor.
I like the device design and colors, but wish the changing color setting changed at a slower, more gradual pace. The device makes a ver faint, but high-pitched hissing noise and gives off an internal blue light when the upper light is turned off. This means I have to hide it under the bed. I wanted it to be a bedside charger, but the noise and light are not conducive to sleep.
It's a cute case and good price also.
You have to thread your cord through the piece and it was difficult to get it adjusted just right. Way overpriced for just a piece of metal. Bought an actual charging stand and I am much happier.
Camera keep flashing, not sure it's DEFECTIVE Also, delivered without box and just the product exposed to cold
Bought this back in May, stopped charging recently. Was great while it lasted.....
Suction cup needs work to be able to hold the weight of the plus phones. The ability to move the neck into different angles is wonderful. If it held the weight of my phone, (iPhone 7+) , it would have a 5 star review.
The best thing about this clear case for the Note 10+ is the kickstand because it is solid and can be placed in any position even in portrait mode for Skype or Zoom. The clear case is somewhat thick (good for drops). Unfortunately, the cost is outrageous. This case is worth about $10 tops. It is way overpriced.
Horrible received with scratches,I always support SPIGEN COVERS I WILL NEVER AGAIN.very disappointed 😏
Sounds great but when pairing both at the same time the left ear piece skips. When using only one at a time no issue.
Cord that comes with it does not fit my IPhone 7 or my wifes IPad
I like the slots for the cards,very practical.
I was looking for a reliable, FLEXIBLE, charging cable for my iPhone. The 6 foot version of this cable is stiff. It has a memory of the shape it was last in. Stretch it flat, and it springs back into the loops from when it was originally shipped.
For the most part it works great, the only down fall with it is you cannot keep your case on the I Phones when using it. It doesn't hold it tight and it will fall out while driving
This product is as shown and it seems to hold up well to every day wear, however, it has given me a rash. Where the band sits is itchy and burns. I am not sure if it just contains something I am allergic to or what, but it is very upsetting because I really like the product otherwise!
This charger worked great when it worked. One day I plugged it in and hooked up my mobile phone thinking it was charging. After my phone died I pushed the charger all the way in. It started charging, but the blue charging light indicator would turn off. My vehicle has three power stations. I plugged the charger in each one, only to end up with the same results. Will not purchase another one.
They have lasted longer than the ones that came with my phone.
there is nothing wrong with these and they work as advertised but they are just a smidgen smaller than the screen so I can see a line all the way around when I am using my phone
Basic case but serves it's purpose
I like the design, its good for traveling. But the charging power is weak, I dont think it has 7.5w output as mentioned (iphone xr). I am using another Anker wireless charger, its obvious faster than this.
Did not fit the ZTE ZMax Pro, the buttons/holes were not in the correct spots for the phone to still fully function.
Good product, but shipping was LATE, so did not get them in time for our trip!
I'm a little disappointed about this item. EASY to install. But, it smears like crazy, fingerprints are its worst enemy. Unfortunately, having just applied it just about a week ago (yes, it sat here for a but before I applied it) it has already splintered/cracked alongside the right edge. Not from any dropping, but simply either pressing it down to keep it adhered to the phone or in my purse. I'm really not 100% sure how it happened because I originally thought it was a piece of lint, since it constantly attracts lint along the edges. It probably will protect the phone against scratches and light abrasions, but I'm not too sure about if the phones is dropped? Fair price, but wouldnt have minded paying more for a more durable product. Trying to protect a $1300 phone.
I returned it because it was too small, but you never refunded my money. Don't think I will be using Amazon again; it was not much money but it is my ;money
The device works as advertised but takes forever to recharge the powerpack. from 5% to 100% it took almost 10 hours to fully charge.
I like that the charger is compact. Although it is heavy for its size. It is not a fast charger, 1 hour gave me 35 percent charge.
Functional but not pretty to look at. Not a girly case by any means.
Bad design. Not a good value. I'm not happy with my purchase!
Use it for a month and few day I woke up with no charge. It's will not start charging easy unless you play for a while with it. Very cheap material. Don't buy again.
I liked this product okay. I used the kind that slides into your air vent. While it wasn't perfect, it did the job. I had to arrange it in such a way that it was blocked from falling by the vent because the grip wasn't good enough to keep straight when my phone was placed in the holder. Regardless, it worked fine. I have had it 8 months now, and yesterday half of the wheel part that holds the popsocket broke off. The plastic itself had broken so it isn't really fixable which is disappointing. While it was cheap, its not something I'm wanting to replace every year so I'll probably go for a different brand next time around.
not a fast charge for my lg g4
this product looks nice and I like that it brings the brick to plug the cables into. I don't like that the cables don't get tucked away nicely and that I needed to have my own zip tie to clean them up. The watch cable does not stay in the little cable slot, and the phone charger slot is big, so the plug part is all over the place. It's not what I expected
I liked having the ring to help me hold my phone, the magnet was nice but not big enough and/or strong enough to stay connected with the magnetic holder in the car. The ring broke off at about 3 months of use then the magnetic part came off after 4 months. It was cheap and fun whole it lasted
To bulky and you need to press hard to work the controls. Will be returning..
Wish it was a bit sturdier but it'll work
With use is losing is transparency :(
Looks great. But because of how it was made, the plastic is sticking to my phone in the middle. It looks like there's liquid between my phone and the case, its roughly the size of my pinky finger so its noticeable. A I guess a remedy would be to put a sticker or decal there. I wish it wasn't there at all though.
Sticks to my phone case well, has some weight to it making it feel nice and sturdy. Feels comfortable around my finger, but is not magnetic.
It's a nice feel but what I don't like is the case doesn't cover the whole phone so I can clashes of phone color with case color and it doesn't look great.
Cut perfect for the v35 than Q the curves match better than most protectors I've seen the area I have to give it at 3 instead of 5 is the lack of glue and how tacky the parts of the protector where the glue shines through loses the clean aspect you're trying to preserve by buying the protector in the first place
It does protect my phone but once it gets wet the protector falls off
I think I could have found one a bit better than this one. To clamp it on to your vent is a little rough and it falls at times. And it dents up the little silver vent adjusters
Super cute , thick and not too rubbery BUT if your phone drops from any height it pops off and than well that's it for your phone
It protects we'll, but still. The edges keep peeling off with the case, even though they say it is case friendly.
Will not charge an apple 8 unless one removes the protective case. Too much hassle.
Looks and feels great. Very sensitive using with wireless charging pad. I end up taking the case off.
It served me well, but it could use some design improvements. The side slide depends entirely on friction from your finger without purchase for a nail to help. The lid is thin plastic and presses down when trying to open. It's always a struggle to dig out the cards with your nails. I've had card cases like this before this model that had much better design.
I find that one of the head phones always stop working and I've purchased these on here maybe 2 times and it never fails but I do love the item.
unable to swipe with it on
I paid more for the rose gold and that was my choice, but when it arrived there was no holster I wished I had figured it out before I ordered, I would not have gotten this. I bought a black one that was only $7.00 to get the holster. This item was not a good value.
The cardholder was really convenient as I always forgot my I.D. but unfortunately after 2 weeks it wont stay closed. I can tilt my phone and it just falls open. The volume buttons are also difficult to use with this case.
This is super easy to install- the problem comes with maintaining a Bluetooth connection. For a while I was able to unplug and replug to make it work. Now it seems there's a short of some sort because I have to unplug, replug, and wiggle it like crazy to get it to work. Even then, I'm lucky if I get a song or two before starting the process all over again. I'm not sure how the short happened since it's stationary in a small compartment in the glove box. It's not like it's moving or even being touched by anything. Super frustrating!!
I have used a GPS device for years, but the old one finally died. The new one was twice as large and could do a multitude of different things, but I found the instruction manual to be lacking. I finally was able to figure out how to make it work, but this particular GPS is not user friendly.
Works alright. the screen is a little off, and the home button jams sometimes. It works for a replacement
I get three bars of Verizon at home. This was quick and easy to install. But......it boosted me all the way from three to a whopping FOUR bars. Not sure that was worth two hundred bucks.
I've had this case for a couple months now. It fits perfectly and it looks great on my phone. I've dropped it a couple of times and it's held pretty good. I did get a crack in my screen protector with my recent drop. One thing that bugs me is it says it's scratch proof, but it's not. After having it for a month or two I had scratches all over it. Now it's all over. I bought it for the fact that it was scratch proof, so I was pretty upset to find out that the description was false.
This was returned already why am I get a email saying that you did not received and going to charge my account I sent both cases back at the same time .
Slider on cord is too lose and won't stay put. Microphone is top heavy and the clip always seems to rotate the wrong way. Overall not bad for the price though I would give 3.5 stars but not quite 4...
My wife bought two for each car she loves hers but its not for me, the design is solid the execution is flawed. The device sits right in from of your instrument cluster so you can see your speedometer. The product works as intended and for the price is pretty sold.
Falls out of my ear frequently.
Been using for a while. Seems to need to be unplugged and replugged occasionally to function. Not sure why. But still working, and wife's ok with it, so thumbs up.
It barely fit iphoneX, but it doesn't fix iphoneX with case on it, pointless
Color does not match photo, sadly.
The screen works with no issues, in fact I'm typing on it now. My replacement is a little smaller then the screen bezel by about 1/32 of an inch. This is combined dimension top and bottom(height). The (width) however is perfect. I'm not concerned tho because my case covers it. The tools aren't very great but they worked out just fine. Also the packaging was great. It all came in a we'll sized plastic case. The screen was bubble wrapped. I would give it 5stars if the screen had the correct dimensions. There are a few few version of this model phone which may be the problem. My phone is the Amazon version.
Knob of channel b is broken. Please send a new part over. Thanks
This screen protector is alright. It didnt work well for me and it kept popping off my screen, but I guess it was better than having no screen protector at all.
Screen works and is a bargain for the price but it's definitely dimmer then the old screen I had
This device doesn't always sinc and I will often be notified that my fit bit isn't running.
Got a set as a gift and had no adhesive. Tried to contact seller but no help. This order has the adhesive on it so I'll see how they hold up
The phone pulled off the adhesive side of the magnetic piece after using it only twice.
There is a crack in the Otterbox case. It has a 1 year warranty so I called Otterbox. They will replace it but I have to pay $5.99 shipping.
I generally prefer Apple cases, but since they haven't seen fit to release any for the XR I decided to give this a shot. It's okay. It fits snugly on all sides and doesn't add too much bulk, but the material has a tacky, oily quality that feels unpleasant in the hand compared to the phone's glass back panel. The way light refracts through the edges of the case gives them a yellowish hue that looks kind of nasty. The inside of the case also creates strange rainbow patterns where it sticks to the phone's glass back, similar to a puddle of oil. There is also a bunch of text visible on the edges of the case that looks weird and unnecessary. Ultimately this case seems like it will do a decent job of keeping my phone safe, but I can't say I find it particularly pleasant to hold compared to a caseless phone or an Apple-made case.
Good camera,but memory card is missing.
Very flimsy strap, don't trust the strap at all!
Bought this for my 7 year old. He loves it! It suits us perfectly. He can wear it while swimming and it encourages him to get his 60 minutes of activity every day. It's perfect for our needs. Update: first battery died 9 months into wearing it. Replaced the battery and it worked another few weeks but has shut off again. Didn't even last a year! Changed my 5 stars to 3 because it didn't last for what we paid. I could've bought a cheaper version if it wasn't going to even last a year.
The first one I got ripped on the corner but luckily they replaced it pretty quick but I had to return the 2nd one for the same problem. At least they made the returning process hassle free
It is literally missing the back cover.
Good but not perfect
People on the other end of the line would report an echo.
It's not a bad case, it works and doesn't look bad, but there are much better cases available. The power and volume buttons are way off, making you have to push incredibly hard to get them to work. The kickstand pops out too easy, even though it pops back in just as easy it's annoying that it does it so often. Long story short you get what you pay for, and with that said I reccomend you steer clear of this case. If you registered your s9 with Samsung they give you a one time 15% off order discount, spend a few dollars more and get a Samsung case for it. Much better quality, and the buttons work perfectly.
Hard case but the outer shell is of poor quality. Corners broke from normal wear and tear. One fall cracked the back case.
Please contact to inform how to connect to internet to work
It's ok. It swivels too much. Not very sturdy.
After receiving these they look like they are probably a good product, however, they are not full coverage. I bought these as they said full coverage thinking they were like others I've purchased before where the edge of the glass slopes down and wraps on the edge of the phone screen face. This is not the case with these. If you're looking for something to use with a phone case, then they will probably be just fine. I however was not.
Did not notice any change whatsoever!
I was happy using it for around 2 weeks until the product fell while I was driving, The sticker was not strong
Good, but hard to put in and stay in your ear.
Very shear and is working great
I gave it 3 starts because it's only sticky on the outter edged, I dropped my phone and the screen came off , and if the screen gets wet near the cut out for the speaker or button water and dirt can get under screen protector, I like the style but that's the only thing really
Loved it! Super sleek and very flexible
Easy to install for sure. Really can see your fingerprints on screen though.
I wanted to use this with a RAM mount. The ball on this is not a standard size. It will, however tighten up to the RAM mount. The QI charger seems to work. I rode for 30 minutes with Waze and music playing and it was still at 100% when I arrived to work. I will update if this changes on a longer ride. What keeps me from giving it a higher rating is the mount itself. I trust the RAM mount to hold the phone. This mount does not look as secure as the RAM. You end up in the situation of carrying a 1000 dollar phone in a 20 dollar cell phone holder. I think if a safety wire was applied, I would feel better. Time will tell, though. I will update the review in a bit if the mount proves adequate.
nice but Dreem sells a better quality of leather and features
Case is nice but touch screen doesn't work great with this case
To hot and fix only 4 month
Didn't get a battery with wasn't easy to open and I tryed to open with a knife and I broke it you need a small crow driver
Case is durable. Protects phone well. Dropped 1 time and wood piece fell off.
The rubber outer cover is not as thick and durable as the Otterbox. I wish I had noticed that it wasn't an Otterbox before I purchased it. Hopefully it holds up.
Hate that it completely relies on my phone. Can't even change the time or date on the watch alone. Other than that, it beats paying 200 for name brand watch.
Decently loud, expected it to be louder, voices are very muddy sounding, my oontz angle has much better sound but not as loud.
It is working fir a week then starts to fade and you can't see anything...
At first I really loved these but over time I realize they are too lite weight and easily fall off my neck. Also people can't hear me there's no voice audio.
I had to return this product as the screwdriver supplied was worthless to unscrew the screws on my Fitbit.
Fairly easy to install but does not fit my Moto G7 power completely. It seems to be slightly too small, doesn't full cover my screen.
Only case I could find that was camo that fit my iPhone 8 Plus. It's similar to the other box. But it's the quality you would expect for $12. My case came in buldging right below the camera opening. The rubber doesn't fit well around the case and the buttons aren't exactly centered. The circle on the back isn't centered around the Apple logo. Other than that it's an ok case. It's heavyduty. The clip is very cheap plastic but like I said, it's $12 so you can't expect a tank of a case. Good price.
Works great, little on the heavy side. The only part that's really annoying, is that you can't use headphones. Need to figure that part out.
Its alright! It fits and it is very protective, I was expecting it to be a little slimmer.
Gotta force the headphone in, but once you do sound is great!
The touch ID did not work so i swap it with my old screens button to get it working again. Other than that the screen looks and works well.
GSM phones do not work in my area. The phone was nice in every regard, however it did not have any connectivity with the cell towers in my area. Lots of dropped calls or no service messages. If buying this phone be Shure you are in a GSM network where the phone is used.
You sent me a phone that was locked. Now I cant get it unlocked. You need to get ahold of me to help me with this phone. Debra Turner.
Length is great but it stops charging if you move it too much so it's awful for charging while using. I haven't had a problem with it when charging while device is stationary and not in use
I just received an IPhone 7 Plus for Christmas and I purchased the case and it ended up a 6/6s Plus! The Apple logo on my phone is up and my phone doesn't have a hole anymore.
It got a pink line within a week
The color has faded, however the battery and case so far so good
Good build quality but wouldn't stay attached to my screen, followed all install directions. 3 stars for quality of it
I got this for my boyfriend and he reported that his phone keeps falling off during bumpy or long rides. He doesn't have a bulky case on his Pixel 2, so it's a little disappointing that the magnet isn't as powerful as we thought it would be. It works for short, smooth rides, so we'll keep using it.
I'm not hard on my phone, yet these screen protectors are cracking and chipping soon after I place them on my phone. I've ordered before and didn't have this issue with the last pack. Product may have changed, not sure.
Nice case, fit well, didn't protect very well and broke easily.
My kids like them because it's pokemon. I found that the ring doesn't stay at a particular position or angle after a few uses. There is a small rectangular sticky tape for a large base, so it doesn't seem too secure. The value was mediocre.
a case fit perfectly but it turns yellow within two months and shows all the dirt on the back of your phone everyday I'm cleaning it out also I dropped my phone in the hallway a couple days ago and the back of my Galaxy note 9 cracked so it's nice but don't bother get a better one
For the iPhone, the charger is OK. It charges, that's the big point, but its not very fast. Ordered a couple more for someone else because they have android phones and they love the chargers. Chargers work fast and well for them.
Hard to know if a product like this is good until it is tested. Nothing has happened so far to see if it protected the glass or not.
It's great for the price and does what you need it for.
The top of it does not fit well
Has a dot matrix and the screen itself is not that smooth/coated
Constantly dropped signal. Never able to call, but sometimes texts would work. Returned it Bought from buySPRY They were helpful, but couldn't get me another in time so I went with someone else. Also the thumb button was scratched. The phone itself was awesome though! Love the photos it takes!
Not much power and USB female slot not quite right. Very loose and temperamental
Does charge well when itself is already charged. Trying to use the solar panels takes a very long time to charge. All day sitting in the sun and only got 38% charge on my iPhone SE
Very low capacity only one card in it and the flap is very loose and easily removable.
The case fits well but the screen protector fell off on the first drop
I love this case. However, there are a few irritating things that I did not anticipate. First, the rubber sides catch on the material in the pocket of my purse, making it too difficult to put my phone away. It also catches on the pocket of my pants and sticks out too far. Next, I was very upset when I noticed that the design was scratching off in several places. I realize that this is most likely from shoving the phone roughly into pockets, but it is still upsetting and shows how cheap the design material is. I bought this for the butterfly design and the rubber corner protectors, and both have been the source of frustration from the beginning.
kind of cheap. The adaptor moves really easily around. Doesn't keep great connection
It worked great for a couple months but the plastic nut cracked in half and you cant just order the nut. Note. I ride a lot of rough roads with my pickup which may have caused it to brake, a vehicle on the highway would probably have no problem
The case is tough and durable. The screen protector is a bit too small. When centered it's about 1/8 of an inch too small on each side. Overall not bad for the price but if I had to purchase again I probably would not.
I got this case specifically for the magnet and the ring. Stick on magnets always slipped off previous cases, and this magnet has been great with my car mount. I wanted the ring because I felt like I was getting a repetitive strain injury in my pinky finger (the lamest injury ever) because of the way I hold my phone. It was excellent at first and I loved having it, but it started to come loose after a month and broke off after about three. Overall the case is excellent and protected my phone well. I liked it enough to consider buying it again actually, but I was eligible for an upgrade and have moved to a different phone.
Not the best quality but works
I love that they actually block out noise around you. They are good quality in all, but when gaming and we start talking there is a loud buzzing. Would exchange but passed my return window by a week.
not sure why but the battery life was kinda lacking but that might just be the phone itself
The product arrived just as shown in the picture. The snakeskin looks a little cheap, but overall nice for the price. The only complaint I have is that after just a few weeks, the pattern has started to fade on the outside of the band and turns white.
Have yet to use, but is OK I am sure that it will do as promised
The product fits my watch and looks good. The only problem I'm noticing is that moisture gets caught under it. At first I thought, shame on me for rinsing dishes wearing my watch, but then I went for a walk on a foggy morning and moisture gathered under the case again. The touch function doesn't work when there's water under there. It's getting a little tedious to have to disassemble my watch and dry it out often.
I ordered this S7 Edge case because it includes a screen protector; however, the screen doesn't reach the edges - it's MUCH TOO SMALL. Nice case, but crappy screen protector.
This seemed like it would be great for all of our vehicles, however; in a mid size car, it is in your sight line while driving. You can't move it over to the side because it will not grip correctly on the dash. In our older model truck, it worked great. I would recommend for a truck but not a car.
Good look, but functionality are not good. Hanging ..
Loose in box with not bubble wrap, boxed crushed on one side, generic charger and cable with no wall adapter.
I returned it. For Honor 5X with a glass screen protector added, it didn't cover it totally, and the button holes with just slightly off. Still usable, but irritating in that 'not-quite-right' way. If you have a thinner protector, it might be fine. The card holder part was great, and it is nice to protect your screen from being scratched by cards. Wrist strap was nice and sturdy.
Fits tight in the eis. Battery compartment pulling off already. Key keeps detaching. On a positive not it was easy to change out the case
It's great for taking pictures and videos, but if you're a fan of group messaging and receiving pictures from friends: don't bother. For some reason, Sony didn't think that their users would like to text their friends in one message. Sheesh.
Lasted for just under a year. Will have to replace as the leather has ripped on the closure flap that holds the magnets. Besides this issue I liked the case. Not sure if I will reorder again.
The case itself if nice. It is slim an covers the phone well; easy to put on. My issue is with the tempered glass screen protector. I got this case on Friday; fast-forward to today, Wednesday, and there are 2 large cracks on the bottom of the screen! I am not rough on phones, and I have not dropped my phone since putting on this case. So maybe I can find another screen protector to go with this case. Like I said, the case itself is great, but the screen protector sucks!
The sound is really good. My problem with them is while you are working out jump roping or running they fall off your ears. (To heavey)
not yet received.I have talked repeatedly with the building management.
The devices don't stay charged at the same rate. I don't care for these. I want to return them but don't see an option to send them back. Please advise.
The screen protector 1.) is the wrong size it is very noticeably to small 2.) I had to try numerous times to get the bubbles out. I couldn't get them out. I've had protectors that don't claim to be bubble free and were way easier to to get on and make bubble free. I had to give up on getting this protector's bubbles out. 3.) the protector got a big two inch scratch the second day I had it on the phone that made it hard to use the stylus. If you want a case that makes this phone easy to hold this works, but you will need to buy a different screen protector if you want your screen protected. Meaning you will end up paying over $15 grand total and as such this case is more expensive than something that is military grade.
Sound is not good, callers keep saying I sound like I'm whispering
Doesn't work. Charges for a second then if device is moved it disconnects. I've only tried to use this charger three times. Great length though. They were able to refund me my money. I gave it three stars because they were able to refund my money and they say they will make the product better.
they do honor the lifetime warranty/replacement but, is somewhat of a slow process that takes a couple weeks.
We bought 2 of these. The rubbery case is fine though we do not use the holster. However, the included screensaver is worthless.
They don't hold much of a charge, yet the charging case has nice indicators. BUT the fitted piece with a wing doesn't fall out during sleep or exercise. It would be nice if the buds automatically charged when inserted and automatically turned on and paired when taken out of the case.
Film is sturdy.Takes time and patience to install.Looked nice and smooth for a few days.Then it started showing creases under film.Ordered a tempered glass shield and removed this one.
Design is nice but there really is limited protection for your phone. Plus its kinda cheaply made. It's a shame because I prefer this design over others.
The case does not hold together well. It comes apart with any little fall. I bought this case for the color, but the color is only the back. My phone is just black front and sides but I did buy a black iphone. It does hold up to 3 cards, and does not open unless you open it.
The dang thing doesn't stick to my phone. I've had it a few days and it's already falling off!
Works okay for cb... NOAA wx weather band forget it!!!!
The high review score tricked me a bit here. This looks and feels pretty cheaply made upon closer inspection and the little ribbon that keeps the top from falling over winds up covering some of the bands in the closed position. It works but isn't great.
Easy to install and the coverage is good, but if you're like me and occasionally like to clean your phone with alcohol, it will end up under the screen protector somehow. I use prepacked alcohol wipes (the ones at the drug store), so it's not getting sopping wet, and still I've got to choose if I want to deal with the smudges under the glass, or toss it and install a new one.
While the product includes an alcohol pad, microfiber cloth, and dust-removing tape to prep your device for installation, the screen cover itself has no tab or installation tape to avoid fingerprints. This makes applying the screen cover much too delicate a process and more prone to misalignment than necessary. Instructions indicate you should wet fingers to avoid fingerprints on the product, but when aligning the cover to the screen itself, your fingers will likely dry and potentially leave prints. The squeegee provided does help remove air bubbles well enough, but this can also leave dents in the surface of the screen protector. Trial and error cost me two of the covers to permanent smudges or dents in the cover film before I could apply one gently enough. Even then, the film cover has an irregular sheen from application. Based on this, I imagine any minor protection it offers will ruin the cover and force me to re-install another cover. Overall, the product is usable but user error is likely during the delicate process of installation, wasting some of your covers. I expect that the fragility of the screen cover film will result in wear and tear sooner rather than later. I would not buy this specific product again.
It is a nice case but it feels a little insecure for me when I put it on the phone. It feels slippery when you hold the phone and it feels like it is not going to protect the phone in case it falls.
I think most people have covered the amp's performance and features, so I will review the manual that came with it - worthless!! Hey Pyle, how about some details on speaker connections, like bridging etc. Also the L and R markings are completely wrong. If you go by the markings on the amp you'll end up with two L or two R signals. R is actually the top connectors and L is the bottom (or vice versa, I can't tell). But what I really want answers on is connecting to a battery. I plan to sometimes connect to a battery and sometimes use the DC adapter. Will it blow up if you connect both at the same time? Little details like that would help. Equalizer? The remote has "EQ" on it - no idea what, if anything that does. The product page mentions separate subwoofer connections, is that a mistake? Nothing in the worthless manual about that either.
It's great if u don't want people to see your phone screen, although it darkens the screen itself and won't go as bright as it should. Also mine cracked within a week but it's probably just me. Buy if you are a really careful person and don't mind your screen being a bit darker.
Only used it for 3 days. Every time I plug my phone it says it's not compatible with this device.
Not a fan of braided cords. Very stiff
The clip needs to be stronger or made to fit certain phones snug. The one I bought just felt too flimsy and would randomly fall or slide out of place making photography kinda difficult.
It feels cheap and leaves fingerprints easily, but it hasn't cracked yet, so I have hope. The 2 pack is nice as well, in case it does crack I have another one on hand. It is a little frustrating having fingerprints constantly on my phone though.
I've had the strap for a couple of months now, very nice quality. Just don't get the strap wet..wore it once in the rain and it stained my wrist
Internal mechanisms do not operate smoothly, it's hard to get it to move because the plastic parts are not finished well inside or there is no lubricant. Other than that it works OK once positioned and clamped
Out of the box it looks like it's good. It's what was expected. Unfortunately, my phone won't stay attached with the case on. I have a thin case and most people have cases. It's not as helpful if the case is a problem.
Works well as a waterproof case. Easy to put it on, difficult to take off. Does not work well with Bluetooth headphones, and the music/conversations vibrate from the back of the cover and are difficult to hear
Didn't work as I wanted it to Returned it and got a refund
Works but phone does not stay seated in case for a charge. I found myself reseating it several times a day until I just went back to a normal case. I guess i will keep it around for longer trips/days when I know I might not be near a charge station.
Nice slim wallet case wireless charging with my mat is not working though
The case is very pretty and the holder on the back is a nice concept. However when searching for a LG X Charge case, I didn't want the extra hole below the camera that fits the other phones listed. The picture shown does not have it, so I ordered for that reason.
It's only really good for traveling. It will not fit in charging dock easily.You have to force it down which makes you think your going to break your charging dock. So I can not keep it on switch all the time.
A couple cables didn't work or stopped working in a short amount of time
screen protector seems to be of good quality only its not for the HTC 10
These are great,but when you need to access your phone.. they are kind of a pain to open.
The wire appeared a nice and durable designed, but it did not work that well. For no reason, will not charge on iPhone. No physical damaged what so ever, but just will not charge.
Not very strong or really versatile
Just received and so far 1 runs fine, 1 runs VERY hot and is concerning. Seems to be hit or miss.
Bought this for use in a big rig. The stabilizer cup is a great idea but doesnt really hold onto the arm tightly enough.
Thought it was a fast charger, but it's not. Charges at regular speed.
This is a case for the new iPad Pro 3rd generation (2018). Came as planned; very simple design, with a hard, transparent backing case and a trifold soft cover. It folds well, allowing good support for the iPad in landscape mode. What I enjoy the most is that it adds almost no weight to the iPad, which is a huge plus. A couple of cons: the most obvious, it doesn't allow charging for the pencil, and it will be kind of a pain to pop the iPad off whenever the pencil needs charging. That can be a big con for some people; not so much for me, I have a couple of workarounds in mind, including an idea provided by a customer to simply carefully cut the plastic to allow the pen to charge, but I agree it's not the solution for every one. This is why I only gave 3 stars. Second, I have noticed my fingerprints in the transparent case on the back. Not too visible, but noticeable to me; however, I can live with it. All in all, a decent product for those of us looking to save what's left of our wallet 😃
i have dot pixel in screen
It works but it doesn't work with phone calls only downside to me
Too bulky but good lighting. You get what you pay for.
Love the color and finish , starting to show signs of cheapness after only about 2 months of use , and I'm not rough with my things. Got some positive remarks on how pretty it is though
Seems to charge slower then the last model I had. swapped cords, same result. Had 2 led left and it cut out today after 10 min of charging my iPhone. Somethings really odd on this charger
After the installation of this cover can't hear the ringer or the callers voice. Too Bulky
Very nice case with tons of protection, but it is difficult to get in and out of your pocket.
It's ok. I use it with an iphone 8 Plus and it works most of the time but stops charging and then starts back up off and on. I have another that I've had zero issues with so I wouldn't buy this one again.
Decent case.. But it makes the buttons difficult to push. This is a usual problem with cheaper cases. But on the bright side, it survived a 6 ft. Drop onto concrete, so that's nice..
Fast easy has good options available
Colors were muted, the blue is very pale, you can't see the lines on the llama. The one I received had deep black scratches on it.
I am in love with this watch! HUGE CON is the battery life. I will start my 12 hour shift of work with 100% battery and it will be dead an hour before my shift. I have a major issue with this and it frustrates me that I preordered the watch. I expect much more from Samsung!!
Fell one and broke side button off already. Couldn't put pop socket in due to flimsy.
I love the look, it fits everything I need but it is not sturdy or long lasting at all. It's only been 2 months and the strap is about to fall off, and the sides area completely worn. It's a shame really, I really like it at first.
I like the color and card holder...not much else the button on one side stick sometimes. And even whith a screen protector, my phone glass broke.
It's already broken in 2 weeks .
I bought mine when it first released. it worked fine until a month ago. I called CS and request a replacement and it came within 10 days. So far, the replacement is holding up. Good job on the CSR for processing my claim.
The case is honestly pretty okay. It does lift off some worries on my shoulders of maybe me dropping my phone or scratching it. Since the light case has a nice grip to it so you're sure to know that it won't slip off your hands. Though the case itself is just a plain thin piece of plastic with the razer logo and some grip to it. The price of $20, $30, and $40 for these cases doesn't work for the protection it gives. If you expect it to give you some shock resistant, it probably will not. Though this case does serve its purpose of protection somewhat. Do I regret getting this?: No. Would I recommend this?: Sure, if you are a casual user and don't drop your phone a lot. I personally like the razer aesthetics so I went with this case. But if you're not interested in it yourself, you should probably find a third-party case that serves you better.
They're fine, not exactly strong persay but they hold out. I work as a bus cleaner and I constantly move around so my poor phone get jostled and banged up Abit. I think I've cracked 3 screens so far? 1 that the phone came with and 2 from this seller. They're fine if you don't work like I do but bad if you do have a job where your phone gets abused or if you're a clutz and drop your phone alot. The other downside is if water gets underneath somehow well you have 2 options. Get use to it or replace the screen because once you strip it off the phone the adhesive that kept it in place at first weakens. Regardless though it does what it's intended . My screen is as pristine as when I first got the phone surprisingly.
I know my wife pulls them from the cord no matter how hard I try to tell her to pull from the hub but these really don't last long. Good news is they're cheap so buying more isn't a huge deal.
Not having a kickstand
Pro - good sound quality Con - extremely uncomfortable to wear. Cord is too stiff and attached in a way that it keeps getting in the way of the microphone (and can easily make the headset move on your head).
It's not bad to be completely honest. Searching for the tutorial video was difficult. In fact. I wasn't able to find it at all. It does work well with my case however the adhesive on the stickers you use for the installation was weak so I ended up wasting one of the screen protectors and my 2nd install was mediocre at best. But at the end of the day, you pay $5 for a cheap tempered glass screen protector that does the job and fits with your case like a glove. You get what you pay for.
Cute, very cute in fact, but there is absolutely no protection if you drop the phone
Love the battery, hate the case. It does what I want, but I wish it wasnt a soft case. The volume buttons need a major upgrade. They kinda suck.
I loved the design of this case unfortunately it didn't last long. The strap hook broke already and the material is starting to crack.
Decent case. Stand piece is super cheap and isnt held in well.
I enjoyed the form function of my new Samsung Note 9 so much that I refused to get a protective case. However, that phone is so slippery that I had dropped it about a dozen times. Well, the shocks finally took their toll when my Samsung gave up the ghost. Thankfully, I had purchased protection from Asurion at the Verizon store. This zeal for enjoying the form function of my new Samsung cost me a $199 deductible. I got my new phone but now determined not to throw away another $200 bucks, I researched the market for a suitable protective cover. Enter Zizo and their line of protective covers. I found the color scheme that best suited me and within a couple of days it was on my phone providing me with the protection in need. Gone is the slippery form function I enjoyed. I now have a rugged textured protective case. The case came along with the cover the front glass, too. That cover has an alligator clip for your jeans pocket so you just hang it there for a while. One annoying issue - there is a piece of plastic on the back of the case that can open up and act like a stand. Unfortunately, it ONLY operates in landscape mode. Nice for videos but totally inoperable for portrait while reading. All in all, the Zizo case is one heck of a rugged product. My son bought one for his phone, too. The apple does not fall from the tree as drops his phones, too. But he is a tad wiser than me because he's never been without a case for his Samsung phones. Two years now with dozens of dropped instances and his phone still rocks. Good case Zizo !
Just wish it would cover the whole screen
I find this cumbersome to put phone in and take out of
Magnet on the back is weak I ended up using the case for like 2 days and switching for Pitaka case. Just as durable and magnet work great in car
I originally loved this case. It is light, but durable and looks very nice on the watch. However, if you exercise, the moisture gets between the screen protector and the watch face. This creates bubbles and eventually the touch screen will no longer work with the case on. You then have to remove the case (which is easy), dry it off and re-install. Not ideal, but not great.
It's definitely not navy blue. It's one to two shades lighter than that depending how the light hits it. If it was an actual navy blue then it would have looked very nice together with the rose gold. Other than that, the case is a tight fitting case. A bit of a struggle to take off, but it's good that it's not loose either. I love the matted feel, which in turn makes it not that slippery on the fingers. All the cuts to the casing fits the buttons, speakers and camera lens perfectly with enough room so that when it falls it won't hurt those areas.
Screen works ok but colors seem a bit muted compared to original. Can't complain much about that for the price point. I can complain about the fact the phillips head screwdriver's point broke off in the first fastener it touched. I was able to reshape the screwdriver with some sandpaper and get it to work but it put up a fight for a bit.
Looks good but this case attract a lot lint to its self.
Although lovely looking, the band is not easy to work with when trying to put the watch on or take it off. The mesh band catches on your clothing and snags it.
I liked the texture of the case but it doesn't look pretty for long and I haven't had it long. It has started cracking, not good quality.
It is all plastic and deceiving by the picture but it still does the job. 81 k10.
Knew the item was a 3D printed item when ordered, however, expected a little more quality. The stand while functional leaves a lot to be desired in looks. Looks are cheap and quality is low. Had to take a knife and trim/clean out the cutout for the charging cord end to get it to fit as a prime example. Item took twenty days to arrive which is not typical, but my experience nonetheless. Seller did refund shipping costs for the delay.
Not clear , its fuzzy and dull. I like the screen protectors that come with the new Galaxy S10+
Super hard to put on.
Case was okay, but cheaply made so the belt clip broke easily. It looked great though. Think you're better off spending a little extra money for a more durable case, especially if you're like me and love having a belt clip to use. I've already trashed this and gotten another case.
Pretty cute phone case. The image is noticeably pixelated unless it's 1.5 ft away. Not quite what I wanted but good enough to keep.
Had to remove the screen cover. Other than that, its great.
I love the look, and I've gotten compliments on it. However...the shape of the bracelet is more round, so it is a little uncomfortable at times. Also, it made my wrist turn a little green after wearing it 4 days in a row. I think to occasionally wear it would be ok, just not everyday.
Very hard plastic feel but works fine.
The phone was made with plastic that is not durable. Please buy case and screen protector with purchase. Light weight. Have issues with the sensitivity of the touch screen. Camera works good in proper lighting.
I bought this to use when out running, It worked perfectly but broke after 2 months. It would be better if the strap were stronger where the phone and the neck strap connect.
I like it overall but sometimes it gets so staticy
I thought it would be more sturdy.
The stand doesn't stay in place sometimes
The voice activation and the ability of that feature is somewhat sketchy. That is my main reason for the downgrade of the unit. After a few frustrating attempts I ended up using the keyboard to enter destinations. I returned the unit because the dashboard camera was more of a hindrance than a help and the voice feature was less than desirable
sometimes it makes a weird noise.
Sound is good and they look great. Unfortunately right out of the box the remote didn't work. Every button paused what ever was playing on my Google Pixel. The play button would only restart what was playing sometimes. They volume buttons only seemed to work occasionally, and sometimes it would increase the volume by 25% and sometimes by 1%. Overall not what I was looking for.
Bad screen sensitivity leaves much to be desired.
This product doesn't hold items as I expected
After I covered this screen.. I need to touch hard....
This review was 5 stars for about the first 3 months now 2 of the 3 cords do not work consistently. We are careful with how we wrap them up but now they are hit or miss on if they work. I confirmed that it is not the plug itself as my short length Apple cords work fine.
They work great until they don't. I've had this pair for 3 months and they just stopped turning on.
This fitness tracker is great. But the promised portable charger was not included in the shipment.
Not much power but you get what you pay for.
I loveee how pretty this case it and al the buttons are accessible. The only downside for me is that it doesn't come of the screen much so it doesn't seem like it will protect it much but the back is super bulky so it feels big but the screens not covered.
Pretty and does well as far as safety goes, but it is a little difficult reaching the button to do my touch id
Love it, better quality than what I thought it would be.
I like the weight and feel of this stylus but it draws to the left of where I place it on my iPad. This makes it quite useless for my art projects. Disappointed.
It's a great case but very slippery. I like the thinness of the case but it has slipped out of my hands a few times, luckily my phone has been okay.
Exterior case is great and very protective but the glass screen protector broken within the first week of use. Really wish the screen protector would be plastic and built in to the case.
It works okay but it's not an OtterBox
I dislike the product because it's not easy to take off and hurts my band. The phone gets stuck on the clip
Only 3 watch faces and only one looks good. The app is very limited. Screen is weak and the navigation on the watch is poor.
I like this product for the protection it offered!! I dislike it because after workout and sweating you have to take cover off and clean sweat before the watch will work
Pretty nice glass goes on good had no bubbles, but it is small and does not cover the whole screen
Honestly, I'm not really impressed with the sound quality of this speaker. I ended up going with a different brand for not much more $$ and got a much better speaker. This makes me think the amazon reviews were gamed and inflated. Very mediocre.
Bought this for a last minute back up battery for a 5 day camping trip. I charged it before going on the trip, which when I used all the charge (it charged my phone an equivalent of about 2 times), it did not really recharge via the solar charge at all for all the times I had it out in the sun. The power button really didn't work. In order to turn it on, I had to push the button really hard, but when I would want to turn it off, it did not turn off. Overall it did an ok job for a last minute purchase, but I will definitely look for a different one for my next trip.
I got this for my son. He loves it!
Sometimes have to squeeze together to charge phone but it works good
Odd fit... but seems more secure than cases in the past... it does pose an issue when changing bands.
Hard to take off the links, the tools doesn't help because of bad quality
I was expecting it to have a microphone I could talk into.
I thought the cables were thicker. So far they are working very well.
Bought to replace broken camera on husband's new smartphone. My son in law that is very techy installed it. Really doesn't fit perfectly.
Slightly diff than pictured.
This case was ok I suppose, just not what I was expecting. The case edges around the screen are sharp and pick up the screen protector. The battery pack doesn't get used automatically, you have to push a button and it recharges the phone. With the bulk and weight and lack of functionality, I'd rather carry a power bank. Good idea, just not great function.
It reads like a great case, but it WILL NOT protect the phone from drops. Twice I've broken the back glass after short drops. The breaks happened after landing on the corner of the phone.
The reason for the 3 star rating is that the screen protector did not fit the screen, it was to small. The phone case is nice and seems well crafted.
The watch holder was glued in and keeps popping off, other than that it is good
The screen looked nice and was easy to install if you know what your doing... however... after installation i turned on some calming music and placed it next to my newborn while I took a shower. when I got out the phone was so hot the temperature warning was on. I picked it up and the back of my phone had changed colors from the heat and it was too hot for me to hold! I would imagine it would have caught fire if i left it on any longer. It would only get this hot when the screen was on. I'm assuming it was a default in this product because I have never experienced this before.
Product works as expected, delivery took over a month for such a small item and purchase.
This is a great case, except for the fact that fingerprints showed up on the case. I replaced it, then read a suggestion to put it in the dishwasher. I did and it came clean. So if you are willing to run this case through the dishwasher occasionally, go for it!
Not a fan of this battery charger. The solar panel barely worked and would only charge if it was near full. Dead batteries still needed wall power. As just a battery pack it was OK, all the other 'features' were mediocre at best.
Very well made. Rugged and nice looking. Got it for my iPhone 8. It fit well. Hard to operate the phones buttons with the cover on. Took me a month to figure out that the reason people told me our conversations were breaking up was due to this cover blocking the microphone with it's cover when open. (The microphone for phone conversations is to one side of the camera)
Great concept, but doesn't work on heavier larger phones like the Note 8. The phone is simply too heavy with a basic style case.The slightest bump will cause the phone to slip off the mount and fall to the floor, potentially damaging your phone. Unfortunately this resulted in me returning this, as it simply did not work as well as I had hoped for my Note 8.
First of all, for listening to music, for the price, these are awesome. I have a trained ear having done post production work on audio books and recording the same and these give you great sound quality. The quality of my voice to the person on the other end of the telephone was great at first, but then there was an issue. The quality of transmission of my voice declined, several people told me. I hope they fix this, as it would be a good thing to know that you can actually get quality at this price point. I give it a three stars review overall due to the high quality of the music audio.
it arrive fast put it in the new phone an it would not work
The case was nice but the spot for credit cards broke within a month of use. The latch wore down too quickly and won't stay shut now.
It's not waterproof but the camera works better than my last iPhone cover that's the only reason why I gave it three Stars but what do you expect for $13
Doesn't look as good as the pictures. It's kinda yellowish and all that...
For the price, worth it I'd say. The band is tearing after only about 2 months though. If you're looking for a quick, affordable fix, this one works!
Arrived on time, great price, does the job intended for. But... the case is almost black all the way around. I was looking for a lighter gray color. My phone is silver on the sides, it looks black with this case on.
Started to chip after continuous usage, wish the finish was more durable. After about a month of wear most of the finish on the sides had chipped off and half of the top. +Nice finish +Good feel -Finish peels quickly
This case is just okay. It scratched fairly easily and was slick. It was hard to hold onto with one hand and not drop it
Cord is longer than expected which is good, but to have a Samsung Galaxy 7 phone and the connection is not as secure as I would like on the cable. All was working well until my phone fell while charging the connection from the cable bent and the cable no longer works. I can use the charger with another cable I happen to have. So for the price you get what you pay for.
Worked for awhile and was great, but now cuts out and you have to wiggle the cord to get it to work. Use in my car, so not happy having music cut out while I'm running down the interstate.
Lasted a good month. It was great while it lasted.
The part that holds the phone came broken
Works well and for perfect.
I like the case, but if your going to it in your pocket it might get stained. I tried to clean my case but the stain would not come out. Only got to use it for 2 weeks.....
Love, love, loved the case when I first got it. It's beautiful, the buttons are perfect in my opinion and overall the case does exactly what I bought it to do I think it will last as long as I want it too.. but the reason this product didn't get the five stars? HATE the screen protector, very cheap looking it has a grid like pattern that shows in the sun so you can pretty much not even see your screen. Not as bad in a regular setting but still it has a HORRIBLE glare, no more watching Netflix for me haha. Honestly though, best case for the amount of protection and price and not to mention looks lovely if you can over-look the screen protector.
Wrong item but works on different vehicle
doesn't fit right in ear falls out easily
One screen protector didn't stick at all and the other one cracked in no time after the phone was hit by my child with a piece of clothing. Application was easy enough but does make the touch screen not function as well.
Unbelivable how well they stick and hold items. Would have given higher rating if they didn't tear the tissue box when removing the empty box. The box was stuck to the pad and difficult to remove.
Case is good and fits perfectly for my phone.only defect is it gets after using it for sometime.
I did not read the fine print well enough. I am used to one that not only counts steps but also keeps track of the miles I walk. Had to send it back.
I ordered gold color and got a bronze/orange glitter. The case is nice and super affordable. Ordering a new color and trying to return the 'gold' one.
Mine did not work so I opened it up and found that one of the wires was not connected to the small circuit board inside. Both red and black wires were frayed where they connected to the board. I cut back both wires and resoldered them to the board. Works great now. We will see how long it lasts.
Great until it's not. It fits very snuggly and is versatile to fit your specific vent. However it will start to loosen and has to be constantly adjusted to fit snuggly again.
I like the way this 'skin' protects the face and sides of my Versa. What I don't care for is the way it 'shields' the buttons making it harder to access them. . .a 'change' from the previous skin / cover I used. I definitely like the black as opposed to the clear I had previously. A 'warning', my previous clear one was 'etched' or permanently 'spotted' when I applied spray insect repellant. I kept it to use when working outside and using repellant, etc. I can't recommend this skin / cover to use if you're using insect repellants or other 'chemical based stuff' that might get on it.
The manual is quiet descriptive. I like these earpods. First time buying a Bluetooth wireless earpods. Not at all disappointed. Although the headphones doesn't have good bass, it's flat noise. So i installed an equalizer on Android, which gives the sound some quality. So a week later, Left ear stopped working. I am not happy, it sounds nice but the connection between two pods are intermittent. Not a strong connection
I like the product the only problem I have with it is that is so squeaky. Every single time it rolls it makes a horrible squeaking noise. Feel like I need to buy some wd40 to make it stop but that would defeat the purpose and make it smell bad and then get on my skin. Other than that I like it
The back separates from the rubber; however, it is brilliantly convenient
I loved this case when I got it but it really wore out after only a few months . I 've replaced it already . It started to crack around the edges.
Easy to setup, but I purchased this solely for the smaller rear window camera. The image quality in this one was poor and the lense was crooked. Amazon made it an easy return though and I purchased a different camera instead.
The watch band does not hold well.
Today, the Fancy lanyard fell apart one side came apart out of the socket after five days just not really being used. If you buy before using out heavy duty glue on the ends before falling Apart.
My pixel 3 fell from a chair that is about 16" high. Unfortunately it was one of the corners that hit the ceramic tile floor, LCD facing down, and the LCD cracked (see pictures). The lip of the case seems to protect the sides of the LCD somewhat, but that doesn't extend fully to the corner. I liked the looks of it, it provided some level of protection, I never thought that I'll drop my phone from anywhere, any height, ever, until I did. In that sense, the case performed as I thought it would, and I give it three stars for that. But I bought a tougher case.
Phone has to be just right on plate or it doesn't charge
I LOVED this case. Its durable, stylish. I love that i can actually see my phone while its protected. However, it has one Major flaw. with the case on, I am barely able to hear any phone calls, and thats with the volume on high. Once i remove tge case, i have to turn the volume down. So, to make calls i dan only use ear buds, or speaker option. ive tried other cases, and have had this issue.. So, pretty much makes case useless.
I got the case for my phone. I love the case itself and it isn't bulky. I like the fact the ring is attached and it isn't as bulky as popsockets. The comfort of the ring could be better. The magnet is great and it never falls off the magnet mount. However, the ring just hangs now and doesn't stay back anymore which is the reason I wouldn't buy this case again and give it a 3. Otherwise, good case.
Phone case holds magnetically into case. It's nice.
Great phone! Does NOT include the original Sony charger and caused the phone to overheat. Hope to get the correct charger from the seller.
It's an ok case. It's thin, just as stated. I got the matte black textured one. After about a month, the texture started to peel, and the frame around the power button cracked.
I don't like my new band but I think it's better than what I had
I was expecting better. One lasted a week and the other is still going strong. Glad I got two in the pack.
I have already gone through two of them. And they just keep cracking. It is protecting the watch face but wish it was a stronger product so it wouldn't crack so easily. However it was easy to install the suction thing is great makes the process a lot easier.
What ever happened to honest descriptions? Says it's supports wireless charging but it doesn't say only if you take the phone out of its cover case. It will not charge wirelessly if the entire case is being used. You have to remove the inner case so you have to set aside the outer case. This makes no sense. Sending it back
I think this is going to be a waste of money because the straps dig into the shoulders in front.
They keep falling out of my ears.
Video shows alignment frame not strips of tape.
Camera was great with good quality and easy install however Camera only lasted 3 months before the lines disappeared and then it stopped working all together. Contacted seller about replacement will update review later
The case itself is great. On the other hand the tempered glass screen protector only lasted days before peeling up and cracking. Rest assured, the screen was clean and dry when adhered as we have had many many phones. I went and brought a tempered glass protector from the local store and it has been on ever since. Not sure what was up with the one included with the case.
The case was listed as the "Defender" model and came without any instructions. I went to the Otter Box website and discovered it was really a "Commuter" model. Fortunately the Otter Box site had basic instructions on how to open the case and put the iPhone in – found much better instructions on YouTube . The color shown was listed as Morning Mist/Bahama Blue/Light Teal but really looks more like a very pale Robin's egg blue. The case looks sturdy enough and should do the job but I was less than happy with the product description and color. Not worth the effort to return it.
Well...after no response, figured I would leave a review. The piece that holds the camera was missing a screw and therefore, could not keep the phone steady/in place. Didn't find this out until I opened it up on my trip to Paris. My mistake for not testing it first. Used a bobby pin as a makeshift screw.
BAttery got dried after 2 yrs
had stains on the back of the case
I know other people love this phone, so keep in mind my experience could have been a fluke. I've had this phone since July, and today after a software update, the touch screen completely stopped working. Absolutely nothing helped, and now I have to buy a new phone. Also, I have issues with Samsung support for this phone. It seems like it's one of the few models they never list when emailing their support.
The back doesn't stay stuck to the device, cool idea though...
The screen protector doesnt fit the screen of my phone correctly. Unfortunately i discovered this after i took the old one off. So rather than having no screen protector i chose to use it anyways and order new ones. I do like how nice it makes my phone feel when using the glass over the plastic protectors i had before
Did not fit the phone too small
Just so timely to take off and put air in tire and put back on
It was ok but wouldn't recommend for the job I do
It said 6ft and all of them were 3ft. The only reason why I purchased these was because of the length. The colors and quality seem nice but really disappointed about the size.
I just got this item and put 32 gb sd memory card after just one hour I have to delete evry thing so it can start recording again Any suggestion pls one hour it's too low for me
Velcro fails after about a year. Not many cases will fit an LG V20 with an extended battery. Worth it enough that I don't look for a different solution, I just purchase another one when the velcro fails. Sticks out a bit, likely if it had two clips that were tighter to the belt it might stick out less, it is not bad but sometimes gets in the way; you get used to it.
Works well, but the battery ran out super fast. I only used it about five times and kept it on for maybe 15 minutes each time. It was always switched off when not in use. Now the battery has died and I'll need to start with the second one and unfortunately purchase more. Is great otherwise, but shouldn't fade so fast since I rarely use it.
Loved this case right up until it broke like a month ago. Thought Otter boxes were supposed to be strong!!
Great but didnt use for long due to fingerprint scanner not reading
It's a great screen protector, but it doesn't look like the picture at all. I wanted the top cutouts to be like the picture, but the whole top was cut off.
I use the fit bit to track sleep, this version does not give me the information I had received from my jawbone. Unfortunately jawbone is having their problems.
Case did not come with screen protector
I like these they were as described. The only problem I have with them is they are hard to clean and look dirt after a few minutes if you touch them a lot.
This thing was a serious pain to put on. Needs a serious stretch before attempting install. There's some sort of black lines which darken the screen a little bit but the sensitivity isn't really affected. The nice thing about this case is that it isn't bulky when it's on the watch. It's a slim fit.
Really wanted to like this case, but it fell apart on me not long after I purchased it. The plastic and cloth lining where the license and credit cards go ripped off, and my license must have fallen out, because now I can't find it.
Screen protector came cracked, rest of it was ok but I really needed the screen protector
Curve screen is not as big as expected so a small portion of the phone is left unprotected between the screen protector and the case
Bought this camera as a replacement for one installed on my vehicle. I had two questions before I bought this camera. It was not clear in the item's description what was the degree of viewing angle nor the minimum LUX level required. Jennifer answered both my questions satisfactorily. The only problem that I had was that this camera was deigned for a horizontal mounting and my installation required a vertical installation. This was not really clear in the product's details.
The sound quality is good and they look sleek. However one of the buds have broken after less than month. They were used daily.
The install is easy with the provided guide. The screen protector looks really nice with the minimal cutout and does not hinder Face ID. But after a few days, the edges of the screen protector start lifting off.
Fits more like a xsmall/small than a medium/large I wish I could wear this because it's so cute!
Did not last long .When first applies were great than after a week started peeling off
While I love the clear case that allows my iPhone's true beauty to shine through, it doesn't feel very secure. I haven't had any problems, it just doesn't make me feel secure. I also love that this case came with a wrist strap. This gives me some security where the case itself lacks.
So the fits okay.the feels pretty tacky. The carbon fiber pattern panels.. They look slick... but not really adding anything... and would probably be more interesting with any color other then black. I'm not really finding anything that an out right game breaker for this case. I'm also not finding anything to rave about. Its a slim case. The one note I'd make is there is a bit of an air gap on the side buttons covers... So if you were looking for he good old silcon over fit. It close but not quite.
Comes loose on bumpy roads and it's pretty inconvenient trying to charge it
The case was beautiful and its very sturdy. Normally i would of given this a much higher rating. However, within hours of getting the item, the design that is printed on the case was flaking and peeling off.
Bought pack to try the camera lense protectors.. broke both of them attempting to peel bought sides of sticker or coating off. The tiny glass itself was not even adhesive on one side. My hand cramped from hold it for so long struggling to unpackage, never made it on to phone. The tempered glass for phone screen are okay quality. Just wish I could get a protector on my camera lense..
This thing is a piece of s*** it won't turn off have to unhook the battery for it to turn off freezes up won't do nothing garbage
Eh, not really excited about how this screen protector turned out. The adhesive is very messy. I accidentally got some on the back of my phone case and now a mark is left there. As far as the screen protector itself, it went on okay and it seems to be very responsive. The adhesive got in between the small seems of the phone and I made sure to cover the buttons and speaker with the included cover. Also the glue formed four little dots in the center of the screen that will not come out. I'm assuming that these bubbles formed inside the adhesive glue as I was placing it. I would honestly go without a screen protector than have four little dots in the center of my screen. Hopefully the adhesive didn't ruin the coating to my screen. I'd say pass on this screen protector. Too much bad outweighing the good.
i have to insert it maybe 2x in order for it to charge my phone.
Case is nice but it's not fingerprint proof like it says it is but it's a nice case .
The screen protectors aren't the bright colors seen in the photo but they are good products. I would recommend them.
I have an iPhone 8plus and ordered the case and it's a little to small but it's still doing the job so far!
Easy to install. Fit my lg x charge ok. All the holes are in the right places. I would like it better if it was 1 to 2 millimeters wider and taller for an exact fit to my screen but it works. The big problem is the one I installed has a small crack at the bottom which creates a bubble that looks awful. It doesn't go up the screen far enough to affect phone use so I left it on and got used to it now it doesn't bother me that much but I am reminded that it is cracked everytime I look at my phone.
I love the water part of the case but the cover that goes before the soft case is very cheap. It also doesn't protect the phone very well. The middle of the case and the screen of the phone are at the same level. I'm sure if I would drop it would break.
It does protect the cell phone, but it's too heavy for the belt. I wanted to return it but I lost the belt clip
once it was down to the size i needed it lost some of the prettiness of the bracelet factor. I ended up returning.
I would only recommend this to someone who owns their own golf cart. It takes time to attach and several times I forgot to take it off when I turned in the cart. It is now somewhere in Montana.
I loved this when I first got it. I have had it for a few months now and already need to replace it. The leather on the band is cracking and the design has faded pretty bad.
Works well as long as ear bud wires are stretched out fully for antenna as expected. Provided ear buds are a joke. Will not fit in your ear. Order a good set along with radio or provide your own. After replacing buds, good radio.
Didn't last very long
This band was just as advertised & I loved it. It only lasted a few months of everyday wear. The band broke in half straight across the hole I always put the hook closure in. I hate it because I liked it, but glad I still had my old plastic one handy. I'll be looking for a new band. I liked it because it was pretty, leather like, but for the price, I guess I got what I paid for so I can't complain too much.
This is garbage. It didn't even last ten days without fraying. I was replacing one that looked the same but the pearl part of the beads had worn off. I was leaving on a trip, but ended up using the original and I'm still using it; whereas this July version can't be used at all! They look the same, but way different in quality.
Craftsmanship looks goods, nylon is heavy and thick very good material. It fits my iPhone 8 Plus with the UAG Monarch cover perfectly. Only thing I really hate is the buckle, is really small and is difícil to close, the two parts are not aligned and when you push one against the other they don't snap together, sometimes It several attempts to close it others I just ago trying. I have a flashlight holster that use a buckle that is big and snap easily. The Velcro is good but with th buckle is more secure when it actually snap together.
Great phone quality material on the phone case. But I have issues plugging my headphones
This is my go-to brand for shields but I am highly disappointed in it for this phone. It doesn't go to the edges and there are bubbles right along the edge of the shield like it doesn't have glue on them. I peeled one of thinking it was a dud, but the second did the same thing.
The cord that comes with it does not fit an iphone 6. Also, the stand does not work very well to hold the unit up.
I had high hopes for this because of all the adjustability. But it doesn't stick to my dashboard very well. :(
Must use cradle to charge phone. Too difficult to plug directly in
I didn't realized it would be almost the same size as my phone!
Seems like a decent screen protector and really easy to install, but the case pops it up. It won't stay down all the way.
Had my Hope's up but this thing just beeps at everything all the time. Very annoying I'll have to figure out a way to reprogram this and cancel allot of the k bands.
They started off great . Great sound, but got a short three weeks in. Not that good of a product.
Only one out of the three work , other than than the one that works is excellent
I put one of these fuses in my Ford Raptor fuse panel, then went to remove it, and the plastic part came off, leaving the metal branches in the fuse spot. I have no idea how I'm going to get it out without parts breaking loose and falling inside. Very cheap product for such an important use.
Bought this light blue case and because of it's light color it gets dirty very fast, and doesn't clean off very well. Have had it replaced with the warranty twice, and they new ones STILL came apart. Speck is not as good as it was years ago when I first got my Iphone 6.
Had to trim a little bit.
Gets hot. If that normal then I'm not so sure I want my $1000 phone subjected to it.
The previous version was better, you were able to adjust it the way you want to.
It's good my sister she's liked
after almost a year, the top part snapped. i'd give it 4 stars because it was only $17, but after it snapped water went everywhere and it was a nightmare to fix quick.
Does anyone know how to make the volume loud as if using an actual phone?
We do not have a specific complaint about this product. There is no indication that it is anything other than what it claims to be. After replacing the screen, the iPhone 6 Plus became nonfunctional but that is NOT the fault of the product in any way. Everything an experienced expert needs is provided. Instructions are a bit unclear due to translation challenges, we believe. We resorted to a recommended video to augment the printed instructions. Even though we followed instruction carefully step by step, and were successful in replacing the screen, some step was not done correctly. OUR EARNEST advice is this, The operation of replacing the screen is not a DIY project. It takes experience to overcome those steps that do not go as smoothly or easily as the instructions say or as multitude of video seem to demonstrate. There will be something that is not exactly the way it is presented and there will be some connection that will not be able to be removed and replaced as easily as one is led to believe. Again, there is nothing wrong with this product. There are a couple of things better than any video showed but the overall procedure requires some expertise we did not have - obviously, since we now have an iPhone 8 Plus and the 6 Plus is simply a repository of data for us to collect through a WiFi connection if necessary.
Charging mechanism does not work.
In general it complies with its purpose, but after some time and normal care and cleaning, no hard work, it begins to fade its color and get stained. I've tried to clean it with several soap brands and does not improve.
These thin cases end up chipping/breaking after a few months. I still like the look, but they don't last.
Kind of a cheap, super shiny, plastic. Barely looks “rose gold”, and is obvious it's a plastic clip on. That was pretty disappointing.
buttons are hard to push
This is a nice screen protector..very strong and durable..but the thing is, it doesn't fit the J7 I have..which is the 2nd generation. Unfortunately, I will have to order another one. In all hindsight, I definitely recommend it for its durability
It's alright. Pros: * nice looking screen * good battery * pretty much stock Android * cheap, which may or may not excuse some of the following: Cons: * fragile screen (dropped it once and it shattered the whole thing) * slippery back (which contributed to the dropping of it) * awkwardly large * terrible camera * terrible camera app (when compared to the camera app of my old Nexus 5) The Ugly * unlike the Moto 4, they locked down tethering
Phone isn't activating to the phone line!! This product was sold as new and it was clearly used. ! Verizon showed me who the previous user was and how long it was used for! Very unhappy!
I ordered this cables in March 2017. The 6ft cable quit charging my phone after few months of using. The 3 ft and 10 ft are working fine.
Looks nice but it feels too slick. Could only fit 1 card and it was a very tight fit.
Love the case, but it stopped working after 3 months. Purchased August 4, and has now stopped working. How do I initiate the 12 month warranty?
They sure don't last long I have one go dead on me I got three more to go.
Good for fashion only not protection!
I followed the directions and applied this screen saver according to package. It just cannot stand up to the humidity in Florida. I'm on my second one in this 2 pack as the first screen fell off my phone and broke in the first 36 hours...
The phone case is durable. It's a little to big for the phone though and it kind of bugs me.
Good screen protector but it has popped off twice from the phone after the phone was dropped.
first day of using it the 6ft cord tip broke off.
Just got today and was excited to test. I want to use for three primary use cases. One was for gym but unfortunately I think the right ear price will fall out. Does not fit well. The other was listening to ludicrous and/or conference calls. Works well for this but disappointed in mic quality. Not sure if there is anything I can do to improve still playing around to see how they sound work when speaking. Also there seems to be a slight delay in sound but quality is good overall. If you plan on using these for gym or running, I would personally find something that secures better on the ear. If for just listening to devices then works well. As of now would not recommend if primary use is for calls. Feedback from calls is they can not hear me. The instructions are simple for pairing but not much else provided
This ring works with the NFC Tools app in the Google play store. You can program it to do simple tasks on your phone. I could not get it to replicate my ID card which was the main reason I bought it. It's fun but not really necessary.
its a great and simple case but its hard to press the buttons on the side. I felt like I had to force a push in order for it to lock or to put the volume up or down.
I had previously bought the dual sim version of this phone for my mom (we'll get to why that's important later) and it worked pretty well for some time. It has relatively good features and build quality for the price however it started developing the 'ghost touch' issue along with several other bugs including random shutdowns when receiving calls. Unfortunately she only let me know this after I had already bought one for my dad to replace his older phone that got trashed. I recently got his phone and I'm hoping it's better than my mom's. Now on to the part about the dual sim version, I used the exact same link from the previous purchase and all the information was exactly the same except that I didn't realise it did not say Dual Sim as before. It's pretty sneaky how these sellers (or I don't know if it's Amazon) that just bundle functionally different products together it's very confusing. I hope this phone at least doesn't have the issues like the previous one.
I got 2 of these, they work ok, but the DAC in them is noisy so you get hissy music going into whatever you connect it to. Better to get the type with 2 lightning outs and use it with an Apple lightning/audio adapter (another $10) for its good quality DAC.
The case fits my iPad perfectly. However, it ONLY fits the iPad. The pocket in the front is too tight to fit the charger or anything really besides papers or cards. Also, the zippers get stock often when trying to close it.
It is not clear but works well
I have an iPhone 8 in an "OUNNE iPhone 7/8 Waterproof Case" and the lightning end of this cable is too bulky to plug into the phone. Photo is Apple charging cable on the left, Anker USB C to Lightning Cable on the right.
Items looks good and works fine but it was overpriced, I returned it and bought another one from somewhere else.
They Fit but they kinda didnt fit
Doesn't fit securely. Difficult to put on. Looks cheaply made almost like a tarnished silver. May return it...
Good radio that fits in your pocket, but complicated to set up, and if you don't plug it in, the battery drains and it is difficult to recharge. The battery is one not easily replaced.
Wiring was good cover needed a little bit of sanding on the edges
Sent this case back because it was too slippery. I could just see this sliding out of my wife's hands or off a table. Function before form!
Very basic. There is no button to check your progress. There is an option to sync your text messaging but you can't open it or reply. It's pretty, so that's nice!
The band ripped after about a month of my daughter using it.
I think is a decent screen protector but it doesn't fit with my case. I suggest only use this without a phone case.
Can charge iPhone XS Max multiple times, but pass through charging does not work. Absolutely unable to charge iPhone and battery case simultaneously.
I actually really like this unit. It's a clean and ergonomic design. It's simple to use. Unfortunately, they didn't think the charging dock through very well. It's located on the under-side of the unit, where you can't leave it plugged-in if it's attached to your visor (I never remember to charge stuff). I adapted it to my center console instead. I actually liked it better sitting there than on the visor, but there was yet another problem with the charging dock: the port (a micro-USB type B port) was so flimsily constructed that it broke after less than two weeks. Now I can't charge the unit at all. I'd really like to give this a better review, but I'm going to end up returning it and getting something else.
It's a nice case. But the plastic shell already cracked around th e top and now the phone slides out.
I loved this for a while until I noticed the card pockets stretched to much and dont hold cards. And it's very bulky in your pocket
It is not practical as it covers up your volume/On-Off buttons on the side of the phone & makes it difficult to charge with the phone in the case. But I've already turned in several other items & didn't want to deal with ONE MORE.
It's your typical charger has a little light indicator at and blinks on and off green light while it's charging then there's a steady green when phone is completely charged which if most people leave their phones on they don't realize that the cable. Will stop charging the phone but the phone will actively be looking for a signal since it's not being charged anymore so if you were charging this at night and you're wondering why your phone is at 85% it's because you left it on you're better off just turning your phone off and charging it overnight it seems to be a better cable for that on another note it will not charge an iPad I've tried several times And the iPad indicates that it is not charging It's okay charger for $15! Sending it back
Sound is okay. They don't fit well because I have small ears and they fall out. This is my third pair of wireless head phones and I seem to keep going back to my $10.00 Sony plug in phones.
Looks good, feels good but makes turning bezel very difficult on Gear S3 frontier
I am very disappointed in the band is self trying to get it on and off I don't like the way the clasps work
... just does not last well. The elastic gets pretty baggy and loose, pretty fast. More comfortable to use than pop sockets but you'll have to replace a lot.
They worked well. I liked the fit and look but after 3 months of moderate use they no longer turn on.
I liked the design for the first month but then the latch on the end broke off and now sometimes it will pop off and I'll lose it for a bit. Good short term strap but deffinitly could have been better.
Worked great for about a week; now charges when it feels like it & won't go past 50%.
Not as flexible I thought it would be and it's a little struggle to put on
fit correctly, but seems to crack easily
Charger does the job at charging the phone and I also like that it's slim. Only thing is doesn't provide that much protection. I dropped my phone and the charger came apart. The plastic that goes around the phone feels thin and easily breakable.
It's uncomfortable to charge my phone. Charges fine, but takes a couple of tries to place the phone on there. Easy to charge my watch though, I like that you can change the charging position for the watch. It's not annoying enough to return, but definitely annoying enough to buy something else when it breaks.
THe built in screen protector is not flush against the screen like the stick on ones. This is literally a piece of plastic on the case. Because it is not flush against the screen, touch screen sensitivity sucks. It doesn't recognize touches as well as no screen protector. I've used the stick on screen protector before and it doesn't affect the sensitivity. I bought this as a back up to my current case that is the exact same design but without the built in screen protector. Comparing the two, the other "youmaker" design was much better. The black bumper piece was more soft or bendable than this one. This case was HARD, too hard that it's hard to remove and put the phone back without breaking the blue front case. Trying to lift the corner on this case to remove the phone is like impossible while my other Youmaker design (99% similar design also), it comes out much easier.
The case is ok but make you phone feel so big.
they seem to randomly cut out now and again. pausing (either on my computer or on the earpiece themselves) and restarting seems to fix it. otherwise, sound quality seems good, and they're easy to use.
Advertised as refurbished but arrived in poor condition. It was missing some of the rubber gaskets and the case wouldn't close together all the way in one spot due to a gash on the side. It also had scratches and dirt all over. The store was great though and refunded it and told me to keep it. I was able to piece one case together from my other broken case to work long enough to order another one
I guess it will need to stretch a bit. It replaced a little square coin purse yet the larger wallet could hardly contain everything. As it is, I can't close it. And that is without any money in it. I may return it. It is constructed well and I like the color. Not much of a wallet but good for the phone.
It definitely gives some privacy.. however, it smudges and it does not completely cover the edges of my s8 plus. Little disappointing
this works well but when i received the product one of the foam cushions was missing ... so i would say its cheaply made
Worked ok for awhile but then like it knew... at the end of the return period, it crapped out. See the 2 lights? That's as far as it goes on charge. Should be 4 lights indicating full charge. The real problem is that it no longer delivers power to my phone. My phone will stay at 25% while hooked up to this "power bank". I took it apart to see if there is a loose connection I could fix, there is not. Unit was not dropped nor dunked. It just went bad.
This case is ok but don't ever use the loop hole with the key chain. It ripped right off. thank god I found my AirPods but now the rubber loop is broken & useless.
I really needed this but when it arrive it didn't work. The packaging was good and it came in good conditions but it just didn't work.
The water proofing is great BUT the camera hole doesn't line up with the camera so all my pictures are half blocked by the case!!! First photo shows the camera blocked and second photo shows how photos are blocked.
Only worked when listening to music not phone calls
2 of the 3 are still working. The 3ft cable stopped working.
This seems to work OK... but it hasn't measured my sleep once since I started wearing it. That's disappointing
Clip broke putting it on my pants that could be upgraded. Also the kickstand is week broke it shortly after . The case and class are great for the price.
The back of the case is not flush so my dashboard magnet no longer works. Also a bit of moisture got under the front cover.
My screen cracked like after 2 wks.... not as good as I thought
I love the scree, I do not like the sleep patterns it is incorrect. I do not think the steps are accurate.
It was ok. Too clunky and hard to twist.
I love thus case its beautiful but I gave 3 stars becuase the "shock" cover doesnt keep the phone that safe and the color has faded from the edges where my hands hold it.
I really wanted to like this thing. The mount itself probably holds better than magnetic mount I had before and has the added bonus of having an adjustable neck that sticks out far enough from the vent to allow for some airflow around it. Where it suffers is the charging, which ultimately is why I bought this. No matter how careful I am placing the phone (even without a case on it) the wireless charging constantly cuts in and out every few seconds. It's incredibly annoying since it makes the little bing noise everytime it starts to charge, so in addition to being highly disruptive, it also doesn't really work as a charger. Major bummer.
it was easy to put on seemed good my phone fell and the screen protector shifted another time it fell it came off completely I've had many screen protectors for different types of phones and this was the worst one I've had.
I had it a very short time and the edges are already peeling up. But it's helped keep my screen from getting scratches.
Charger works ok but does not automatically shut off the charging as claimed by the manufacturer/seller
Arrived DOA, IR sensor did not work. Sent me a new one and then able to complete the calibration step. Works as advertised but if those high curbs are off center of car it won't pick them up. Made with three sensors would have been better.
I really would like to return the headphones . It's is not fitting properly in my ears. Sound is not as great
Not what I had expected, as it's flimsy & not very stable!
It fits quite well and stays on but you lose your rotating bezel function.
One. Side. Is. Loose. So. The. Phone. Keep. Coming. Put. Of. One. Side
I returned this item. It was lovely, and the leather was elegant, but the pockets for cards were a teensy, teensy bit two narrow. Cards were almost impossible to remove once inserted. I was sorry I couldn't keep it.
Extremely difficult to change out links and clasp.
I will admit this screen protector does its job when it comes to privacy, but it is not at all durable. I have only had it on my phone for 2 weeks. After one drop, there is a long crack that goes straight down the middle of the screen and also one at the bottom.
I actually really like this case, despite it being rather thick. It's super cute, but the reason I'm knocking off a few stars is because it also makes your phone rather heavy, too. That, and like I mentioned earlier, it's thicker than most cases. The case also happens to cover the speakers on the phone, which is not ideal. However, the button covers are really nice and actually (in my opinion) make the buttons easier to handle than without a case.
The clip broke the same day
Works but then you have to take the back off and re-position the receiver because it moves. Need to have some kind of tape or tape like idea to put on the receiver to keep in place but not mess up someone's cell phone.
The cutouts on this are perfect, as any phone case should be. The reason for a lower review is the case is not anti-slip as advertised. The phone often slips through my hand and sides easily on a table. So far, it is sturdy.
Does hole money also
I bought this with the intention of installing the rear camera in the camper shell on my 2013 F150 Supercab. I found out after I got it that the 6 meter cable is not long enough to rout from the windshield, down under the truck and up through the bed to the rear window on the shell. I contacted Street Guardian to see if they had a longer cable. The longest they had was a 8 meter cable. Street Guardian tech support was great. They contacted the factory who said the 8 meter would probably not be long enough to do what I wanted. So I did a trial install with string and determined I needed at least a 10 meter cable......which they did not have. So, I won't be able to install the rear camera. I don't have the camera installed yet, so I cannot give a review of the quality of the product. I just wanted to let anyone thinking about a similar installation know what I discovered. Again, tech support was very helpful and very attentive. I will come back to this review once I have the dash camera up and running.
These are really cute and I am going to give them as stocking stuffers to my friends ans family with iPhones. Unfortunately they do not really fit the cables for my own Android phones
This case came bent very disappointed because love the look I'm unable to use volume control on my phone just kept it for the protection that I rate 5
I'm not sure if it's just because of the curved edges or if it's the screen protector but it doesn't stay very well and it clicks when you press on it.
It's kind of cute but it does not fit a bill very well. If you put something else do not close the magnetic clasp.
Tight fit, but when you do get it in there, everything is secure. Barely holds the case and a Galaxy S7. There are probably other better options out there. The chemical smell was strong when I first received it but dissipated after a couple of days. Also fits an Oculus Go, but even more snug.
Quality is good but pretty bulky
I am not rough on phones at all, but after about two weeks, the paint on the back started chipping off. Pretty color and good phone protection.
Fit well, easy install. Crappy touch sensitivity. Fit with case, but required touch sensitivity setting to max and still hit and miss when texting. Scrolling and such wasn't too bad Texting horrible.
The wallow talkies actually work.
This was my second popsocket. The fist one lasted well over a year, but this one didn't make it two months. The disk snapped in half and has become useless. I'm pretty disappointed because it's really nice looking and stays adhered to my phone very well.
The kickstand/opening to card slot is not very sturdy. Mine broke within 6 months. Otherwise, very nice case. Buy it if it meets your needs, but be very careful with it.
It lasted 3 months then stopped charging. Also when turned on would not stay connected
For some reason, it won't work in my car's usb to charge or connect my iPod to my car's audio system, like my previous cord used to.
Seems like a good solid case. However, after about four months, the outer hard outer layer of the case broke. I never dropped the phone, so perhaps it cracked in my pocket, but one night I picked the phone up from the table, and the bottom quarter of the outer layer just fell off in my hand. Also, the adhesive plastic screen protector is a nightmare. Initially it went on smoothly enough. But it began to bubble in short order, making the screen hard to read and the touch not so functional. My son thinks this is counterfeit.
It's got a nice design and I love the feel of the matte finish. The rubber ends are great, as my last phone case broke on the edges so I wanted something that wouldn't do that. I am happy with this product, BUT my only problem is it comes apart easy. When I first put it on it was very hard to close all three parts together and sometimes they come apart.
On the upside, keeping my head warm while listening to music is a very smart idea, and the price is reasonable. On the downside, the one size fits all means that, for those of us with average or small heads, there will be a lot of excess material on the top and that can look a little goofy. There is no "on" light or if there is it is hidden. Chances are, you will leave the speakers on without knowing it and will drain the battery. There is a hole in the pad to allow viewing of the charge light but it is so small, you have to jiggle the pad around to get the charging light to show through the hole. The same issue exists with the charging port, you have to jiggle the speaker around in the pad to find the port - not a big deal but I am afraid that, with all the jostling, I will rip or fray the seams of the speaker pocket and diminish the shelf life of my hat. It seems that, with a little design and engineering "know how", a better product version is just around the corner.
I love my case, but when I opened it up the screen protector was already cracked. The packaging was damaged so I'm sure if it was packed better it would've been fine.
not good as original screen. but it works
Quality of the adapters are good, decent price but they are not compatible with HTC BOLT or GOOGLE PIXEL 2. Which confuses me because when I searched for an adapter for the HTC BOLT that's exactly what I typed in (Htc bolt adapter) so I'm not sure why it pulled this one up.
Earphone works perfectly, but the type C adaptor doesn't work with my google pixel
I am disappointed with the product. The cable has already started bending and shorting our.
I was hoping the Samsung Level U Pro would be a step up from my Level Us that are falling apart. The reviews about to flexible silicon section coming part for the hard plastic is true. It happenes quickly. However, the Level U has far better sound and voice quality than the Level U Pro. I was disappointed with the Pro version and sent it back.
It works very well but higher priced then I have paid in the past, however, it was no longer available (locally) at Wal-mart, Target or Family Dollar.
Works pretty well - the mixing blades are a little flimsy especially for more difficult mixing.
Quality seems fine, but barely big enough for my big wrists. I didn't even think to check sizing, so that's my fault.
It's cute... but a true PopSocket is supposed to be able to be moved no problem... I tried removing and putting it in a new spot and if I had continued to pull it (I checked website and was pulling from the bottom not the big part that pulls up) it would've broken ... not too happy about this
Not sure if mine was defective but I sent it back because the magnet shifting to much within 30 minutes of having it on. Raised concern for my phone falling out.
I loved the color but I hate how it's already lost it's color on both the metal and the leather band once it started to wear down after just a few months and never getting it wet
Too slow during operation and sometimes getting hanged. Slide doesn't work sometimes while receiving calls. Also noticed network problem.
The clip breaks way to easily. And the rub on the outside stretches to easily.
Pretty but very SLIPPERY 😖
Case was awesome.... But could barely hear when on phone.
It's good quality but the issue is that adhesive does not stick to your phone and keep coming out so have to use additional glue but over all it's good produxt
Bought these for my daughter because she likes to change cases often and these were a 3 pack for a good price. They do not provide a ton of coverage and are pretty thin but fit the phone well.
It's OK for the price. It wouldn't stick to my dash or two of the windows in my car. Everything was prepped according to directions, but the slightest bump would cause the mount and the iPhone 8 Plus to fall to the floor.The magnet could be a little stronger, also.
The band worked on my gear S2. It is hard to remove but it is possible. The red buckle did rip but was easily replaced with the standard grey one I had from the original band. The silver buckle is cheap. It fell off when I reached into my pocket but was simple to pit back and has not fallen since. The size listed by the buyer is small but I can confirm that it is large. Overall not a bad product. Might get some more to mix and match. Red looks amazing on the grey watch by the way. Update after having the red band for a few months now it is starting to fade a look a little pink.
It was really flimsy
Product was pink when i ordered red but otherwise good case
I like the look of the protector, but I dropped my phone the day after putting on this case and the screen shattered. It did not compare to the OtterBox commuter case I had in protection.
Typical curved tempered glass, great for the price but I do recommend doing your fingerprint before applying. You have to press harder on some areas of the glass for your input to register, which can get annoying at times.
FM transmitter works well charger port does not work with galaxy s9+ it actually drains my battery.
It works, but it's super flimsy.
This product was shipped nicely but I am a bit dissapointed that the rose gold one is not completely in good shape as there are gray scratches on it even before use. Hopefully it will not scratch more when I use it.
Love it since the day i got it. Three weeks with it so far and today i lightly bumped it taking off my kids car seat through my hatch. Now it has a huge chip on the corner :( im gonna say its somewhat cheaply made.. 3 stars now..
The audio from these head phones are very flat.
So installed it in my 79 CJ5. Wiring and relay Decent quality. The thermostatic switch is garbage. Worked once and never again. So need a new switch. Notes: Did not use teflon tape. Been turning a wrench for my self, other folk and the US Military for better part of 20 year. Have a great day.
I find this will not charge 100%. Is this because of the otter box protector have on my iPhone? I have an iPhone 8?
Most manufacturers who offers accessary for Apple i-devices, Catalyst for one, thinks their products can sell as Apple's. I hope Catalyst will think outside of the box, offer your product as affordable as possible. For protective case example, $29.99 is a reasonable price range in my opinion.
My daughter had one similar from H&M that she loved. It was starting to get a bit worn out so I bought this for her. It was so cute and so soft, exactly what we wanted but unfortunately within a few weeks the ears and tail one by one came off. My daughter carries her phone with her wherever she goes so I'm sure it went through a lot but I thought it would last longer. She ended up putting her old case back on because even though it wasn't as soft anymore, it still had ears and tail attached.
Fits phone OK. A little loose on the bottom. Dropped phone and it's still fine.
Stretches out fast. I got a month and of a half of secure grip. Its still workable but it kinda of annoying.
Cute case but when I drop it, the case falls apart. It comes in three pieces; the two outer pieces and the inner rubber type case. They all just separate when the phone drops.
They aren't too bad for the price. I pretty much only use 3 or 4 of them; as the rest come out really blurry. However the ones that do work do the job well!
I liked that the compartment zips and the zipper appears to be sturdy (it's metal not plastic). Also, it does fit in my iOttie dashboard holder What to improve: 1) the ring for the wristlet is on the bottom and interferes with the charging port. Should be moved. 2) make one of the cardholders for loose change. Enclose the bottom and put in a flap on top to hold change.
I thought this case would be a little thicker especially the back with the crystals on it but it's not but I like the color
Dropped calls bad sound, you have to manually update the phone book... Versus using the phone book from your cell phone. Does not show you who is calling on the phone just the phone number.
It blocks servers dont buy unless using,phone as a tablet other then that works great
Not actually fast charging for my galaxy s6, but it does charge. has two plugs which is nice. the cables seem to be well made too.
When I received mine it looked like it was brand new. After setting it up I was unable to make an account with iMessage or face time. I called my phone carrier and they were unable to solve the problem, but after a weak of talking to Apple they solved the problem. They told me it was something to do with spam before I had the phone. It is working great now. I just hate that I had to go through all the trouble of getting things set up. This item was supposed to be ready to use and fully functional. I also had contacted the seller about the issue and they told me it could be due to an update but that wasn't the case. Thanks you I hope this helped.
The product is vey basic. Doesn't include screen protector and case. This can generate additional costs It is not updated with the latest operating system or security patch level. The product presents an issue with Hotspot WIFI and Windows 10. Hardware a some poor.
It didn't even have a charger with it, and it was dirty and cracked.
Looks great on the phone BUT I truly dislike the fact that the silicone part of the case is loose on the top and bottom of the phone. Doesn't make me feel like my phone is safe, thankfully the glass screen protector covers the whole screen
Fast delivery cheap price one mistake tampered glass cracked already not even a week old
Doesn't seem that strong. No opening for the logo.
The product loses coloration in the brown area
The case works as it should . However it doesn't protect the phone. I would have rather charged my phone the old fashion way . Now I have to replace my entire phone.
It's not as fine point as I would of liked
Item worked for less than five minutes. It looks good but was defective. I was contacted and refunded immediately after I acknowledged I received a defective charger.
Hard to keep watch face in place and I can never seem to get it on like it's shown. Very cute for the price though.
Purchased May 2016, worked great daily then stopped fast-charging in December 2017. The nylon layer has worn away completely on the C end. I know it's a 1-year warranty but expected better especially at this price.
It works ok, but the loop that holds the loose end of the band down slides up and down, leaving the band to flap around and catch on things. It would be better if it tucked in, like most other Apple Watch bands.
It charged fast but doesn't work with an Otter Commuter case 8mm. I gotta put some paper into the click to make it stick to the mirror but every morning I still found it lay down on the driver's seat. I wanted to return but missed the due date for return so might keep it as home charger.
This case disappointed me. In the picture it appears to be a glitter case where in fact its a plastic cover with a glitter piece of foam inside. Not worth it.
Work good but audio sounds like the headphones had been ran through the washer machine
I've bought 2 and both the rings got loose pretty quickly and then eventually fell off. Good price for what you get.
I bought this for my Samsung S7. It does fit in the band with the case on but all of the holes in the bottom, for charger and headphones, are misaligned. There is also no easy way to turn the phone screen off when it is in there. It would be nice to have a hole on the side for that. I wouldn't buy this again.
I am not giving a good review because it came already broken. It was in a padded package and should not have broken that easy.
Got a great product at a great price. The only thing I didn't like as much was how long it took to arrive.
For someone that knows wiring its a great piece but not for me. came with tons of wiring and it looks nothing like the old one. Never ended up installing it.
Kickstand was flimbsy. First time it fell off the table, the back of my phone cracked.
The case is great but there seems to be an issue with the battery.
Well, first off my phone broke. At some point within the last month, I dropped it and the back panel of glass broke. I've been using Spigen for almost 6 years and have never had a problem. I am shocked to see the flaws within this phone case. It's relatively hard to hold and is quite slippery. The fact that the case doesn't protect against small drops (I can assure you that it wasn't more than a few feet drop on concrete or something along those lines with a front glass screen protector). Although the case likely blocked most of the blow, it still shattered which was rather surprising. Conclusion: Slippery, uncomfortable, and doesn't protect well (better than not having one though but buy a better case if you want real protection).
One of these has fallen apart already. Two others are working fine, but it's been less than a week. I did order the cheapest set, so it's not entirely a surprise. On the plus side, They're nice looking.
These are decent for what you pay but they pop off the phone pretty quickly
I attempted to attach the handle and messed something up. Lovehandle was awesome and sent me another adhesive strip but it still didn't stay. This could be user error but it didn't seem to work for me. I loved it while it was on, however it just didn't stay stuck.
Case is not tight on phone but still works
I love the privacy, lives up to that much of the product. Unfortunately both screen protectors broke with in 3 days. The phone was in my pocket the first time the protector cracked... The second time I placed it on my side table face down very gently....Picked it up to charge it and noticed 2 mins later the protector was shattered....
The package arrived on time, but one of the two glass screen protectors was cracked at the edge. The other one seems to be doing a good job protecting my phone.
Just wish the design would've been better
I really wanted to love this case, but the buttons are off. Not sure if it's just the one I got but the buttons are off
Sound quality is not good and product is just OK.
First off, it is not water resistant at all and it should not be promoted as such. There is nothing water resistant about it. Second I've had this case before on my first iPhone 5s years ago and it worked so well for me. This time around for my iPhone xr it has some flaws. The silence button does not function properly, it is very annoying, the threading for the lenses is very rugged. My lenses don't screw on like they did on the case for my old phone, they are not smooth at all, requires force. I got this case mainly because I wanted to protect it from dusty environments at my job, and it's working out for me. If you are looking for water resistance or a lens case maybe spend a little more money on something better.
Slower than I had hoped for. Would not purchase another.
it takes a while to fully charge my phone.
Screen protector not very scratch proof and has a texture that makes testing and swiping difficult. I would not buy this product again, but it is serviceable for the money.
I purchased this because several reviews said that their phone screen didn't break when in the case - even when dropped. That was not the case for me. Everytime i've dropped it, even just a little bit (on the side and a short distance), it has left my screen with a crack. For someone who isn't as clumsy as me, im sure this would be sufficient.
This is a very nice case made from sturdy materials. The only problems I found was the difficulty taking it off of the phone, and the most important one, charging. The case has a small ridge near the base of the charging hole the prevents the cable from going all the way in. This design makes no sense. The 3.5 doesn't have a ridge, nor does the any other opening in the case. I found I have to take the bottom off and lift the top a little to charge. This is going to be a pain and tiresome after almost a week of doing this. Will return.
Super cute! I loved it!
Works,better than most. Still looking for my ford focus titanium
doesn't hold well phone flips and have to remove case all the time
I bought 2 cases, 1 fits perfectly and the other came with a diff front case cover, it never fits tight on my phone I type with more effort. Plz make sure you look others before shipping. Thanks
Not left-handed friendly. The straps do not detach, so if you wear your watch on your right wrist, the buckle will be on the bottoms and make it a bit difficult to put on and take off. Would be nice if they made a lefty version, or at least make it clear this isn't exactly designed for right wrist wear. Otherwise, it is an amazing case, especially for the money.
I like the case. The only complaint I have was the shipping time. I ordered this case on October 12th and was expecting to receive it by the next day. There was a delay (do not know why) but it did not ship out until the 14th, and was delivered today, Oct 15th. It was frustrating to have to wait longer than expected and go on longer without a case for my phone. The ring seems too short to hold up my Samsung Note 10+.
One size does not fit all. I'm 6'3" 200 lbs, one size bigger or with a adjustment strap would help.
It doesn't charge any more after a several month of use.
Fitment is great, and installation was easy enough. The problem is that it's way too soft. It has no self healing properties, and that's especially important on the Note phones. You can see every scribble of the stylus days after you use it. Even tried some warm air from a hair dryer to help it along, and nada. So consider this one protection for a basic scuff, then peel it and use the 2nd one in the box.
I've had this case for a month now and it already broke. Which was a waste of $ for me ..
If you find this review HELPFUL, Click that HELPFUL Button. My sister was looking for a gift to give to her friend and since her friend is an iphone user, she thought she would buy this item and here is her friend has experience according to my sister. Material-when we first recieved it seems okay, like any other kind of electronic item, it has that glossy look, felt plastic. The first time I saw this kinds of things to plug in a phone. Function- the items functions well, it does what is said to the package which is nice to know from my sister's friend Durable-for this one I am not happy to hear, this item jist broke like 2-3 weeks after recieving the item which was a shock. Not sire if the item was handled properly or if it is due to the item itself Overall, it works, but if it breaks that easily then better find a different item that ships to your location.
I really only wanted a case for protection but this has a clip. I thought this would be acceptable but the clip is so big and even stronger I can't even get it on my waist band or belt! It's cumbersome and now does not fit in a bag or purse pouch! Wish there was some way to detach the clip!
Wanted to use it for car. It got in the way of the gear shift so was not a good fit for us. It moved when bumped so did not feel sturdy
Received this case today, at first glance it's a nice looking case. It is however not a hard case, and because of that, when you put it on your phone it feels loose around the sides. Also this is advertised as a clear case, which is what I wanted because I wanted to show off my fancy new glass back iPhone 8 Plus. However the back is not clear, it has some sort of weird pattern. Would spend my money elsewhere if that's what you're looking for.
My wife loves this! Not sure how sturdy it is, but it looks good and matches her eye glass case (which is why I bought this color in the first place). One criticism is that the case is bulky when closed. So, it does take up a lot of room in her purse.
Comes nicely packaged and is fine for the price, especially for three of them, but the very edges don't stick to the phone due to a slight curve in the edges of the screen. If that's something that bothers you, I'd save your money for a more quality fitting screen protector.
The product over heats when being used.
Charge is good but I thought it is fast charging compatible
If it were comfortable, it would be a great product
This is a nice power bank for you phones or tablets. The built in flashlight is kinda pointless.
No water resistant at all
After 2 weeks the screen went almost blank and the sound quality was mediocre at best. Reluctant to buy another to replace.
Everything is great but i cant use the finger print reader.
I loved this band until it fell apart about a month later.
While I love the phone I wouldn't buy via this method again. The accessories were all missing except a very low quality after market charger that won't even fast charge the phone (it doesn't support power delivery). I ended up having to buy a headset adapter and charger on my own basically negating most of the savings of buying via this method vs. directly through Verizon. Next time I will buy the new one through the carrier vs. trying to save what ended up being about $30.
I don't mind the style but would not get again the mirror is cheap and not sure if it is the mirror or case but got scratches on my phone kind of not happy about that. The phone is not that old at all.
Haven't really put it water but has been dropped, phone is fine. Hard to use buttons on side.
Phone case arrived in perfect condition, and so cute. It's what I expected for the price. Now, this is nothing against the phone case really as I am quite clumsy with my phone. I dropped it as i was getting in the car one day, and as the edge of the phone case doesn't come around the edges of the phone very far, the end of my phone did get a crack right where the phone case and the screen protector didn't meet. The fluffy ball/handle came off and got lost the first night I had it, and then the ring that the ball attached to came off a few weeks later leaving an exposed screw on the phone of my phone. At some point or another the gems on the pop socket started falling off and it just looks completely awful now where the gems have fell off is just a tacky looking silver piece in its place and the pop socket seems quite flimsy. Not like the stand alone ones you can buy separately from the store which feel much more sturdy. I read the negative reviews, but it was so cute, I just HAD to have it. Not a total waste of money since it's so cheap, but I am definitely on the hunt for something equally cute and more worth the money.
When I first opened this item, it appeared to have been used and possibly a return unit. There was light scratching on the display and no protective film covering it, like most new devices with a display (this could be normal). I decided to test it out anyways. When I first plugged it into my van, it was having some issues, cycling between the battery indicator screen and regular display, without giving me any control. I plugged it into another outlet and after a couple minutes it began working properly. The display appears to have a slight defect as it is much brighter in the middle than it is on the right and left edges. My last disappointment isn't a huge deal, and I wasn't sure if this was a feature to begin with, but there is no file browsing system if you are using a micro SD card with music on it. This means it will simply start on the first song that is loaded onto it, and you can only skip forward and back from there. It isn't all bad though. After I was able to control it, I was quickly able to pair my iPhone. All of the buttons seem to work properly and the sound quality with the device plugged into my system via AUX cable is surprisingly good. I have no intention of using the FM transmitter, so I did not test it. The design is simple and nice, and overall functionality is decent. Overall, this is not a bad product if you know what you're receiving.
Lasted 6 months before one half of the plastic broke off and became unusable. Felt a little flimsy from the start. Probably wouldn't purchase again.
Phone was good but I was sent a faulty charger
As others have mentioned, this cable sometimes doesn't work properly. I don't know if it's from dirt or debris of some kind, but I have 2 tips (bought one as a spare), and they don't seem dirty, but it does fail to work sometimes, and simply charges slowly sometimes too. It does also get hot at times near the tip. When it DOES work, it works well. I love the idea behind the product. But when I start waking up late and seeing my phone is dead (my phone is also my alarm), that's a serious problem for me. I don't wanna oversleep and be late for work or something because my phone didn't charge. I'm afraid I'm going to have to look for a different cable soon.
It's just ok. The slot for card is handy but broke after about a month of use. Didn't really feel like if I dropped my phone it would be protected.
I had difficulty putting it on. One edge came up. However, I bought one at BB and had them put it on (cost $5) and it has been perfect for a couple of months. Definitely operator error, but it is not an easy install.
It's not bad. Not great either... I don't wear it very often, but it's there if I need it...
Magnet fell out 1st use. Other than that love the case.
Love how the case is made. Feel like it should do a great job protecting the phone but I have discovered an issue. The case covers or block the face sensor. As soon as you place a call the screen goes black because it thinks your holding it to your head. It makes calls that require you to enter an extension or other things difficult. Because you have to hit the button on the side to turn the screen back on.
The case arrived with a broken kickstand. It won't open. That was the reason I bought the case. I needed one with a kickstand. Amazon refunded my money. The rest of the case was fine and I liked the color but I am not sure if I will buy from this company again. If there was a way to be sure that the item won't arrive broken...the maybe I would.
I like the look of the back, easy to pop on and off. However, the bottom opening for the charger is too small. Sometimes I need to take the case off to charge my phone depending on the charger.
The longest one came somewhat damaged seems loose at the end. I'm happy with the other two
Does not stay in ear!
While this case is VERY blingy, which I wanted, but when it arrived and I put it on my phone it was too heavy. I gave it away, too much for me.
Works well, but the cheap plastic separators need to be more sturdy.
good machine, if you have no issue with windows and proprietary hardware. Until it can run Linux, It's garbage. Simply put.
After a couple of months the screen protector started coming off. Finally I just removed it for good
Very durable but can't hear well from it and it muffles the speaker.
It can't handle my Samsung app and music app at the same time, the ram is too small
Did not get the pen that was shown in the picture, kinda disappointed
Kind of big, wouldn't work with my charger
The rubber that surrounds the phone is not perfectly made, it's loose/baggy so doesn't looks great. Otherwise it's a typical great otterbox phone case.
Unfortunately the screen protector did not fit with the case I have. The screen protector is not a film but a hard protector which I wanted but alas, the combination did not work for me.
I've purchased 3 of these cases throughout the life of my iPhone 6S and they are great. Low profile, and a very basic look to the phone (what I am looking for). The only problem I've had with it, is that the first two cases had only a life span of about 8 months. For some reason (possibly sweaty hands, or dropping, or removing the case from the phone), the top right corner piece has come off twice. As in, I'm laying in bed on my phone and it just slides off when I move my finger. Could be a personal use issue, but just wanted to throw my frustrations with the case out there. Also, when you first buy it, it's super slippery. Takes a little getting use to.
So I've this Otterbox for about six months or so and dropped first time. Guess what, it supposed to protect my phone and it also supposed to handle drop without breaking case itself. My phone is saved when it dropped from my hand on hardwood floor but case broken right where my home button for iPhone 8 Plus is. I wonder what rubber cover on top of plastic cover of otterbox is for but it did not absorb such jerk. Pretty sad when you pay top dollar for quality and it doesn't last one year even only after dropping first time.
It has fixed several laptops works fine for the price until you can afford a brand name like IFixIt.
I have these connected to an original Samsung fast charger and 2 of the cables switch randomly to slow charge. Had these before and after about a year they stopped doing fast charge now its out of the box. Quite unhappy and will return these.
These headphones are okay. I wear them for walking/jogging. 50% of the time they stay in the entire time without having to reposition them. They aren't the most comfy but I like they are Bluetooth and don't have a long wire that gets in my way. Sound quality is fine for me.
Battery does not last long
Needed a cover for my phone; unfortunately, I selected the wrong product & it doesn't fit.…
Like to say the headphones sound great. The earbuds fit in the ear nicely and everything is comfortable overall. My only problem and why I have gave this three stars is simple. Voice calls suck. Like really bad. People can hardly understand me and it's unfortunate because that's the main task I have for these headphones when I'm not listening to music. Battery life is good and connection was easy. Phone calls are just plain bad. That's my thoughts on this device .
It's great so far, but the card holder part is visibly stretching each time I remove my cards. This doesn't really happen with a plastic holder.
Was kinda small but over all really pretty
Fits very well. Saved watch glass but protective glass seemed cracked very easily
Not the best but worth the money
I only gave 3 stars due to product being defective upon receipt (packaging was in good shape- thus defective classification instead of damaged). The case is essentially a plastic mold dipped in silicone (I'm sure it is much more complex)- however the silicone was cracked and peeling off the plastic when it shipped to me. Other than the lack of quality control in this particular case, I would otherwise rate this a 5 star case, especially for the price when compared to the apple equivalent.
Nice color, fits snug and quality material OTHER than the pouch which stretched and got dirty.
Left bubbles and streaks, but they did start to go away after a couple days.
Doesn't work with magnetic wallet case magnet doesn't work at all.
The top will not stay on. I have had to rig with a piece of paper to keep it on.
This came in two parts for me with the center piece the letters were all attached already and glued in and had the plastic posts sawed off and glued as well so there is no possibility for removal. The product fits and has the look of the Pro grille but it is not a snug fit and has some play in it. Honestly I can't complain too hard as it is a Chinese knock off.
Worked a while but the adhesive isn't sticking anymore. Helps with hand positioning though.
Phone case looks nice and liked that it had the card slot but the sides of the case are already cracked so it will need to be replaced.
No one can hear me unless I'm on speaker phone with this case on.
I have dropped this many times on rocks and concrete without a scratch. I dropped it today on a rubber floor mat and it popped off and broke.... something wrong with that! Also, be aware it it white and clear. It sticks out like a sore thumb on a black screen and phone.
its an average charger and not a fast charger. Don't expect something great.
It seems the glue is either not sticky enough or only in certain spots. I applied it to my kids phone and every time I touched the screen you could hear the noise of it coming unstuck. I even tried blow drying it a little to kind of melt the glue to see if that would make the adhesive more sticky and it did not. It still slides around on the phone but if you have a cover that can cover the edges then it will stay put and hopefully do what its made to do.
The case is super cute and even looks better in person, the problem I have is that some Rhinestones are coming out (and I never dropped the phone). I guess thats why is cheap compared to other brans, but overall I like it.
it brought my phone back to life--I didnt like the fact that the manufacturer did not provide any instructions because a cell phone battery is not like ordinary batteries and needs specific operation techniques
This phone is slow to load. I only need/use it for emergencies so it's okay for me.
The case is nice but the color is wearing off and there was glue in one of the pockets that stuck to a card causing the lining to be pulled out. Still using it anyway.
Did not stay on dashboard. I had to attach to windshield and not my intended use.
Purchased as a gift for my wife so not sure on quality and durability, etc. since I have not gave to her yet. I gave a three star to be neutral as from the looks when I received the item it looked nice and of good quality.
Purchased this one specifically because it was for textured dashes. It has not stated applied from day 1. I did end up using gorilla glue to just hold it down.
For this price, I would expect FAR better quality. The Wish app has better quality products at 10% the cost. This product wasn't on my bike 30 seconds before the adjustment knob snapped off and was lost to the knob gods. I am officially pissed. Also, the wires were just barely long enough. Edit: Seller has said they will send me a replacement part, will update review when it arrives Edit 2: The seller was good on their word and far more than I was expecting! I was expecting just a replacement knob, and they sent an entire replacement unit, this seller is committed to customer satisfaction.
Great charger other than the power cord to this charger is ~1.5 ft.
It's not as good quality as I expected. Cheap material, color is too light, magnet is not strong enough to close tight when cards are in. It's just not horrible to use. if I saw this in person I wouldn't have bought it.
Cute, but not super protective and pop socket doesn't stick
Bought for a Jeep Cherokee 2014 and although it looks factory the only screw-post included does not fit the factory base on the top. Luckily I had another old screw-post that fit to screw it to the base.
I bought it. Too many things caused me to reconsider and I returned it. If you need a Dual Sim phone and are going to use it in a Latin American country then this would probably be a great buy. The model number of the phone says it is for Latin America according to Motorola. It comes with literature and manuals printed in Spanish. I gave the item a 3 star rating and that is really just for the phone. It's a great phone with better options then the version being sold here in the United States. It was very tempting to get an item better equipped and cheaper then what is sold for the US market. The item should probably not be sold to customers that are planning on using it here exclusively in the United States. The listing should state that. It is for GSM service only in those countries. I did call AT&T on this phone and gave them the specific numbers they needed to check compatibility. They advised me that it would work on their system. It appears even though it may work on GSM , it may not have the ability to connect to all bands that they use here in the United States. I felt the risk of dropped calls and no service was too great so I was compelled to return the phone and buy a US version.
Sound is great battery life is amazing. The actual silicon that wraps around the ear is more like a rubber band it's not stiff enough to keep the form of my ear. Although the ear buds have various sizes the actual square part (speaker) is kinda bulky so it makes the earlobe wrap more flimsy which doesn't make it very ideal for active workouts like running or jump roping
Great product, but do be aware that anything with adhesives are at risk. The made the popsocket on my phone come off after 4 cleaning sessions. Another thing to mention, do not clean AKG earbuds with this product!!!! Earbud logos came off.
The connection is loose btwn the USB and USB-C and I can only get a proper charge if I hold it in a certain position.
Great Sound Quality. I wanted use these for when I'm at work however, when I kneel or bend over the connection would break up when I'm listening to my music. Even though my phone is in my pocket.
Not as form I thought.
Works well as a ring holder, but not as a stand as the stiffness in the ring is totally gone. Very slim which I like.
It just suddenly stopped working 6 months later.
I like the size but when it came to sound and battery life, I am definitely disappointed. During the course of a regular 8 hour day and the device charged fully the night before, was shocked I needed to reboot the device after 4hours if consistent usage.
Not as loud as I thought it would be. Sometimes I can't hear anyone when I answer calls. Have to switch back to speaker or regular voice calling. Thanks though
It wasn't as sturdy or durable as I thought and the holes don't line up exact makes it hard to charge and plug in head phones. It is still very nice quality and my son likes it but I am still worried he might break his phone.
I just picked the wrong one. When you encase the phone, it's very difficult to type and inconvenient to place in the holder. I ended up buying a softer case - you just lift the flap and insert the phone. I can hook onto pants/belt or thread it onto a belt. There's nothing wrong with the quality. It's actually the style that doesn't work for me
I bought this item a few months ago and loved it but last week the battery display goes from 100% to 90% when I plug my phone in then it goes down a percent every two seconds till 50% and stabilize back to normal.. so in short I only get half the battery power I originally got when I received it.. I can charge my phone one time compared to two almost three when I first received it
Occasionally makes a buzzing sound that is annoying to people I'm speaking with on the phone.
The inner shell of this case lets in dirt and dust and when you try to take the inner case off? It is nigh onto impossible! Hate the inner case because it does not keep stuff out and is stupid hard to get off to clean out what is not kept out
Smaller than expected. There is not very much give.
good case but gets stained so quick
The phone case is very well built from the package to the case they did not skip on quality at all. Case screws together good and still allows for glass screen protector to fit. The slider button works perfectly. The only problem with this case is the metal kills your signal. It has turned my Verizon phone into a T-Mobile phone signal wise. If I could live with the lack of signal I would keep the case because it's probably the best OnePlus case ever made. Except for the signal loss... So I guess I'll be returning it.
It seemed to work fine first week I got it but now not charging streetlight thru, not reliable for wireless charging. I use it mostly to hang my smartphone
I have a thin, low-profile protective case on my iPhone 7. This holder can barely grasp the phone because it is "too wide" with the case on. Who doesn't have their expensive phone in some sort of case these days? And no, it's not a big thick one like Otterbox, etc....
Just another problem with Amazon......this original item was ordered and a different item came. Now I had to go through the returning of it. In all fairness, it did arrive before Christmas.
Good product. Easy to use and sometimes the back slides slightly open but only when I'm handling it.
Wrist bands were too small for my niece and nephews
I didn't realize how huge the item would be. It also takes longer than expected to fully charge.
not really worth the price. Cannot use in clips unless you just want a place to leave it. I put mine at the bottom of my phone to use it as a stand. But the Popsocket spins and if you are in a car or bump it it spins around.
Case fits phone very well and keeps it feeling small for a large phone. Only had a couple of days but may need to go to something which is more protective. Like the idea of a built in screen protector however as others have said it is soft and thin. For the price it is a value buy.
I am not to crazy about the silicone shell. It makes it hard to pull the phone out of my pocket. Also I usually pinch my phone out of my pocket but on this case that is where the smallest amount of silicone is and I am just waiting for me to rip. I am trying to undo 10 years of muscle memory for this phone case. So not my favorite.
Case fits well and buttons are tactile. However, it's pretty slippery and the bottom of the case isn't hard like the rest of the case. So everytime I take the phone out of my pocket I can feel the bottom of the case stretching like flemsy rubber.
Very pretty design. However, it's a little flimsy and doesn't offer much protection. This normally wouldn't be a huge deal for me, except the case is also very slippery so I was constantly dropping it even with a popsocket on!
It could've protected the phone like better
Doesn't have great touch response
I wish the holder stood out more, that it doesn't require to tilt your phone to plug in cord to charge. But other than that, it's very durable when holding the phone.
I would help with a review but it seems Amazon has lost our order somewhere
The case works great, but when it is put in the charger that comes with it, it has a noice kind of like a hum. I can't use the charger but the case is ok
Outstanding product. Shipping slow as molasses ...
Not loud enough. Easy transport fits in pocket
Like that it coils out of the way. I wish it was a little more extensible like other brands.
Thought it is well made and easy to install the whole reason I bought it is a turn off. My favorite color is rose gold so that is the color I bought. I got it today and it isnt even rose gold, it isnt even gold, it looks orange.
I bought this as a backup for my BOSE Soundwear speaker, but it has not been very convincing. First of all, the BT connection gets lost at short range (around 3 m). If I keep it inside that range, it works Ok. Second, the sound Quality is not bad, but not so Good. The speaker is not too loud and it doesn't provides that Home Cinema Theater experience I was expecting. If everything around is quite, I can have a decent sound. Third, the battery life is good enough. Fourth and last, the Price is too high considering what I mentioned before. For this price I would be expecting a decent, strong BT Connection and a louder volume sound. Bottom line, it would be a good shopping if the price gets cheaper.
Overall these are good headphones. The fit pretty well, just wish they came with foam tips. Also the active noise cancelling for ear buds is decent. When using ANC while mowing, I still can hear the mower but it reduces the overall noise and helps ensure that I don't need to turn the volume up very loud. I do wish that they would tell you the battery level percentage without opening the app, it instead says its at medium level or below medium.
Seems well built, as always time will tell. Dropped to 3 stars because it suggests that it supports fast charging, it does not. If fast charging is desired, look elsewhere.
The rubber components that cover the charging port and mute switch keep falling off. I've gotten two warranty replacements but both have had the same issue.
The case is about 1/2" too wide and 1/4" to deep to fit the LG Phoenix 3 phone snugly. That said, nicely built case that protects the phone well and is comfortable on your belt when hanging vertically. Have had cases that were not comfortable but this one is pretty good.
It's not actually fast charging. I have a pixel 3xl and when I connect it it says "charging", instead of "rapidly charging", that's what my original charger says.
I've had many life proof cases in the past and they were all great. This one seems like the screen scratches way too easily. Not too happy that the screen also gets the rainbow effect occasionally. It's definitely waterproof, I accidentally left the phone out in the rain and had no issues with water intrusion. At least it does protect the phone.
meh. the medium length one doesn't have a good charge- the other two are fine.
The material on this is more slippery than the s9+ case. I liked the s9 one better. But, Overall I like this minimalistic case that is really lightweight. I wish it is few bucks cheaper because for another $5 you can get a really strong case supcase.
Owned the watch for about 12 hours and the metal around the watch face is already damaged. The glass face is undamaged but the black coating on the metal is gone. My only possible guess is that the metal part of my seatbelt buckle hit it... Pretty disappointed.
It came with 2, good price but it SEVERELY impacted the touch sensitivity on my phone, even after increasing the sensitivity as much as possible. This review took 5 mins to type and I almost didn't finish it due to frustration. Had high hopes after reading all the positive reviews. I gave 3 stars because it seems to be an issue with all tempered glass protectors according to the Samsung message boards, and it was easily returned.
This piece was nice quality and very pretty. The only downfall is that it doesn't sit flush on the phone so my hair would always get stuck under it. I eventually took it off.
Was ok for a month then one of the cords doesnt stay in correctly. Going back to previous brand of usb cords that I have purchased on amazon
The touch screen are very easy to install. Wipe screen free of any lint, tip film in soapy water, apply and let dry. The durability, on the other end, is flimsy. Luckily there's a lot of replacements but it still is kind of annoying
unit pass, then failed.
The case does a good job of protecting your phone. It is a bit bulky. I've had it for about 5 months and the ring has broken off. The product is okay
I absolutely loved the overall function of this case, the ring makes it much easier to hold and more comfortable for my hands and wrist. Unfortunately there is not enough of a ridge on the edge of the case to properly protect the face of the phone. When the phone is dropped or falls face down, the screen has no protection. I cracked several tempered glass screen protectors as a result. :( With a minor readjustment, this cover would be perfect.
It was very very comfortable. But, after losing it and replacing it with a pricier version, I finally got feedback from the people I was talking to regularly.... It turns out that the call quality was a bit like a distant speakerphone and they welcomed my upgrade.
Worked great for a year (10 months really) until a week ago when they just up and died. Will not take a charge at all. Edit: Treblab reached out to me after my initial review and have replaced the no longer functioning pair. They were very nice and helpful in this regard.
The solar panel charges very very very slow. It's okay it's not great
Fits my iPhone 6 perfectly. No issues. Besides the fact that the plastic covering the shutter button & volume knobs is so thick it's almost impossible to press them with one finger.. at least with ease like I used to. Combine that with the very stiff thick plastic piece covering the power port that is very difficult to pull down without long fingernails making it hard to charge the phone.. and it's just not a case for me. Holding it my style with the pinky underneath and three fingers along the back doesn't have a great feel to it either. I'll likely be returning this.
This battery needs to be charged every 5 days whereas the original battery lasted 2 weeks or more, but it does work so okay with me.
one of the cables stopped working in a couple of months. No reliability.
These earbuds are OK at best. They are to large clunky and heavy. They don't stay in my ears, a problem I've never had with previous earbuds. Sound is average, but classical music sounds ok through them. Noise isolation, is only ok. Very tough though, well built.
Great except for one thing. The case is super slippery. I shouldn't have to try and figure a way to make it less slippery.
I thought this would be thicker and hold its shape as it dried. But it levels out some while drying. It is nice a clear but wasn't what i was looking for. I still will have a use for it though
The camera area a bit to big
This doesn't quite cover the screen to the edges, leaving a lip all the way around it that I keep catching my finger on. Also, I've been using the product for less than 2 months, and it has a number of scratches and dents or ridges in it that impair the visibility. I haven't done anything to the phone that should have produced scratches or dents, so I can't account for them, but it really reduces the quality of the product.
One of the two stop working after a month.
Contents of box did not match items the installation instructions directed me to use. Why? A previous order of this item worked well and saved my iPad from a bad fall onto a tile floor.
Did not include the cover for the actual wash. Add looked like it did include it.
Case is ok however, the fingerprint sensor is very narrow so you have to have your finger at the right angle for it to work. The camera lense doesn't have much protection. It's level with the lense. Also case has a slippery feel. Im not returning because frankly all the cases I've tried for this phone aren't to my liking. So it'll have to do for now.
The band is top quality, the pins in mine were fine, I was able to install it no problem. BUT How do you put it on? I'm looking at the picture and CANNOT position it to put it on my hand / wrist!!
It works great as a waterproof case. However, after mild use in the course of a few weeks, the fingerprint scanner cover is now rendering my fingerprint unrecognizable. This means I can't use fingerprint unlocking for anything - pretty tedious.
Its a good case for the A6 Galaxy. Doesn't protect glass from drops. I broke the glass after one drop from a foot high. But you get what you pay for.
Only really holds 1 card comfortably. If the card is hard to remove or you drop the phone the plastic holder comes off so not very protective of the cards but phone has been protected.
GPS does not work it shows the watch over a mile away and it is not easy to setup
Bulky and only holds 3 cards. Cards are difficult to remove compared to a wallet. Need smaller fingers to access S Pen. Kickstand feature is not a feature as it does not work well. Magnetic buttons have potential to alter credit card function. Leather looks cheap. Something you could live without if you have a lot of different cards.
Ordered these in brown and black as I only had a blue band from Fitbit originally. While the bands fit, they are less flexible and more bulky than the original design by far. In addition, I seem to be having an issue with the silver buckle not staying inside the pre-made holes. (I've managed to lose two in the time I have had this product, and 0 in the nine months leading up to this.) For the price it's a decent product, but I wouldn't buy again.
Good case for a new phone. Did have to knock 2 Stars because while I'm there case, the phone will not stand vertically in the Pixel Stand. I have to have my phone be horizontal in it
Not quite fit and discolored / wear out too soon.
This is a pretty good product at a reasonable price! AND it was delivered to my door! What's NOT to like? 5 stars!
The headset, is difficult to keep paired with my phone. The battery life is about 3.5 hrs. There's often an eco in the background with phone calls. It's hard to turn on and off, the up & down volume keys usually only go up or disconnect the line. I wanted to give it a chance, but I wish I could return it.
Came new but they sent me a case for a s8 when i ordered a s8 plus
The metal part does not stick well to magnet
This is NOT tempered glass. I suppose it didn't say so, but hey, I'm not always that observant. Overall, it's OK. Not a fan of film. Better than the much more expensive films out there. Sticks around the edges fairly well.
I like the band but it is too large and I can't remove the links. Very disappointed. How do I get a band that fits
As much as I like the case I cannot charge it while the case is on. It is very inconvenient to have to remove the case to charge the phone.
This is a great looking and great feeling band. I use to use a leather band but that got a little discussing after a short time. The only issue is that a screw came out of one of the sides. Picture attached. It is now unusable. :( I will have to buy something else which I hate because this one really was the best I have had in years.
Good case over all, but definitely out plastic is quiet flimsy.
They're not loud at all, I wouldn't order again.
I have an iPhone 7 matte black phone, and I have had this case for several months. I'd rate it somewhere in between a three and a four star if I could. So far, it has protected my phone nicely, and I probably tend to drop my phone more than most people. This case looks good on the phone; however, it shows a lot of finger prints-- as much or more as the actual iPhone screen does. If you aren't bothered by fingerprints or don't mind cleaning it very often, this case would be great. The problem with cleaning the case frequently, though, is that it must be disassembled every time it needs cleaning because otherwise water gets trapped between the clear case and the plastic rim. And it's a little hard to get both pieces off the phone, which is probably why the plastic rim has broken on mine. So for convenience and practicality (related to cleaning), it's not at the top. For appearance, though, I'd say it scores highly.
There's no true Rewind or Forward buttons, as these are shared with the Up & Down Volume Controls. I find it cumbersome when I'm in the shower and want to quickly skip a song or replay it, but end up affecting the volume instead. Otherwise, in the last 30 days I've used it, no issues.
These are mostly fine for my needs (running) but the microphone doesn't work at all when taking calls :/
The sides of the case are slippery, so I had to return it. Otherwise, it is a super cool, realistic wood-looking case, and seemed to be of good quality.
This is one of those products that could be awesome but comes up just a little short. The look is cool, but they dont put a solid enough bottom on it so that it doesn't sit flush on your desk. I haven't decided against using it yet, but it is very annoying that it doesnt lay flat.
I like the case and I even read the reviews and no one complained about the button on the back not being able to scan the finger print. It is to deep and I can't hardly get my finger in there for it to scan it.
The Cushion came off the left side of the earphones
We bought two. One is still working, the other fell apart after ten minutes of use.
I searched for a case while waiting for my preordered phone (Galaxy s10) and found that there wasn't a whole lot to choose from. I came across this one and liked how it looked in the pictures and decided to go with it for the price. It fits the phone quite nicely, looks attractive, and all the buttons work well. My only gripe, and the reason for only 3 stars, is that the hole around the charging port isn't large enough to actually fit the plug snugly into the device. I've uploaded pictures to show this. This fact kind of kills the product for me due to the fact that I don't want to have to remove the case every time I have to charge my phone. Unfortunately, I will be on the hunt again for another case, but this one will do for now.
Case opening tool crapped out midway thru the opening process to access and remove the old dead battery. Samsung tablet had other issues so the battery was not the only problem . The system just boots and reboots (endless cycle) and tablet is still unusable. Mother board my be the problem, time to recycle this junk and move on.
Not all 2 sided tape used are the same. Some are clear and more sticky while some are white and come up easily. I go through 1 every few months so I keep many in my drawer and order more often. They work great but wish the sticker on the back was consistent and the better clear version
I had to wrap the ball with two turns of tape before it would hold.
Very cute case, I got the clear/teal. It's sturdy and reliable. My only complaint is the glitter/heart combo. It all gets clogged on one side of the case and does not "fall" when rotated.
Overall camera quality is good, but night vision infrared is not good enough and you can only see yourself. Level of sound recording is not enough and I had trouble hearing it.
LOVE this case. Sleek but sturdy. The ring is wonderful if it wouldn't have broken within a couple days of using.
Needed a last minute case and this was the best I could find. The case is very bulky and makes the phone much larger.
Received wrong item....I need to contact them.....it happens...
I like the color of the case, however it's really hard to put on and mine snapped in half on one side :(
I received this charger today, it is not exactly what I expected though. It works but it doesn't come with an adapter for the wall. I purchased another charger somewhere else that came with a wall adapter and I was expecting the same. Disappointed but I guess it will be OK for the kitchen
Length of cord was great. Perfect for what I need in my busy house. Easy to roll and travel. Only thing I did not like - I purchased this item only a month ago and the charging port already broke off. Nothing special done to make it do so... it just broke off when I went to take the cord out of my phone..
it tore up after 6 months my husband tossed it
Fits my Moto perfectly and holds it securely in place. The belt loops will eventually rip out and then you will need to replace. I am on my second one.
Good case but stand clip broke in a few weeks.
The case is ok. Has held up ok. Doesn't protect the screen.
It's a nice phone case but too small for my phone I think I ordered the wrong one but thank you
Case was soo cute on my phone but less than a day of having it air bubbles started to form
Mine came off within a few minutes. I realized that for the iPhone XS the earpiece is longer than the hole for it in the screen protector.
It was beautiful to hard to get it tight. Had to have someone help.
....perfect fit, interchangeable back grounds keeps it exciting, however could have been better with a built in screen protector
Product is terrible. Buy another product. Awful design.
this one got my attention at the beginning,great design and looked sturdy. glazed when tooked it out of the box but frustrated when plugged in the usb-c cable on it because it wiggles a lot first time plugged. then comes the heat,come on! its a 18w charger why does it have to heat when charging my phone or getting so hot itself!
Shipping ding up my box I think you need to pack it up more bundled.
Easy to install but I can no longer tap to wake and it doesn't read my fingerprint no matter how many times I save my thumb. Good quality but sucks that my screen isnt as responsive.
Have had 3 of these. Aesthetically great, just don't remove them they crack open at volume control section
When it came only 3 of the 4 little dots were lit up so I thought whatever i'll just charge it. I left it on the charger over night and it never lit up so I'm not sure if it's broken or what but it's pretty disappointing. I'd return it but I really don't want to go through the hassle. EDIT**** I am adding a star based off of how good and responsive their Customer Service Team was. My charger ended up not working and they immediately emailed me and offered different solutions to see if my charger would work using various different methods. Ultimately none worked so they offered a replacement but I was actually leaving for vacation so they gave me a full refund. I was very impressed with the responsiveness of their CS team and trust me when I say if you have any problems with your product they will be quick and responsive and willing to get you a solution.
The first two weeks is worked well, but you have to stay close to whatever you're using.. there is always a time while music or what ever is playing where the headphones just stops and starts alot..it gets annoying, really annoying..im a bit disappointed..
I bought this product and was able to use it 2 times before it stopped working. It won't turn on it won't charge nothing. It was a waste of money and I wouldn't recommend buying it. Update......At first I have this a one star rating. But the manufacture got in touch with me and sent me a replacement and I haven't had any issues with it. It has been a good backup battery
It was a nice, slim case. Worked great for the first month. I dropped the phone 3 feet and the screen broke with the case on it.
I think that I wrote a previous review, but now that this tripod has broken...:( One of the legs broke because the metal is held with plastic. I don't recall if I dropped it or if it broke when I was trying to position it, but it broke. So far, I've been able to use it, but I am purchasing another tripod from a different maker. I thought that I was getting great quality for a table-top tripod. I haven't even used the remote yet. :( Just wish it would have been capable of lasting longer than 60 days. Love how the legs bend to adjust and grab onto items, but be careful because the top part can break because the inside of the legs are joined by plastic.
These are cute but I didn't end up using them. The ears were just a little big and made me feel ridiculous which is no fault of the product, I just had buyers remorse. It's a fun little pack to get though if you want a matching phone case for you and your BFF.
bought it to extend battery on my iphone and doesnt really give a lot of battery i can only extend the battery about 20-30% of battery life
ok, but doesn't cover the edges
All of my Samsung chargers have had the Samsung name and logo on them. This one did not, even though it was advertised as such. I wasn't comfortable using it if it was indeed a knockoff. I ended up donating it, rather than using it.
On the bottom at the fold it is starting to tear
The case fits well into the phone. Seems to be steely and protective, but the image of tiles on the picture from the ad is much more detailed and colorful than the ones on my case. It seems faded or not as fine of lines. Other than that, the case still looks nice and my girlfriend likes it.
Broke within 2 months but kept my phone safe
Little metal piece pealed fast luckily one stuck but its nice and holds well.
SHIPPING TO A WHILE BUT GREAT PRODUCT
its okay, didn't last that long.
Some worked and one didn't work at all. And then there is days the cord doesn't work.
Belt clip very fragile.
So this case protected my phone great but it gets a 3 star review because it was the main cause for my charging cords being destroyed. It took me a long time to realize my phone case was the culprit. The little rubberized cover for the charging port doesn't lay flat when it is opened for charging and pushes against the plug, causing them to stop fast charging then break completely! Probably went through 4 or 5 cords before I realized what was happening.
Quite a stretch to say this stretches 6.5 feet in a usable way...more like 3 feet without pulling ends out .
The case is beautiful. But the cheap plastic started to peel up after a few months.
I have an LG G6 phone and when I place my phone on the charging device, it will charge the phone, but always stays Light blue, and never turns green at 100 percent. Not real happy the LEDs don't do what they are supposed to do.
Holds my pass card like I wanted but the case is very hard plastic and kind of slippery, would like to see more grip material on the exterior. Would also be nice if they included a tempered glass screen protector like other cases do.
Full face protection from scrapes and brushes with walls, etc. Made watch bulky and the band had to be removed for charging.
Product came in good shape, but after few weeks my hands free stopped working. I also noticed that when I plug and unplug in my hands free it affects the media audio. I had to restart the phone
Had to reorder because Amazon sent label maker ribbons instead(!), but otherwise a perfectly fine typical USB to wall charger.
It works as a short term case
I mean it works i guess. One of them wasnt sticking to my phone correctly and was making the popping sounds in that corner. It broke while taking it off to try and fix it. The other protecter was having similar sticking issues but with enough pressure its on.
If you're looking for a basic headset, this one isn't bad. I won't give it a horrible rating just because it didn't fit my needs but there are some improvements that's could be made There is a volume control but no mute button. I like that the mic isn't in your face but the red light does catch your eye. LED on side can't be controlled but doesn't look horrible. The plastic does feel very cheap however. Again, not bad but not great.
Made sure transmitter and radio were on same channel and sound was distorted. Couldn't get rid of the snowing sound.
had to shut lane alert off...kept going off when on lowest setting....
Okay to install. Not anti glare or anti finger. Continuing having to wipe off, which then just smears and makes my screen look foggy/dirty. Wish the screens would cover all of the flat portion. Covers exactly the size of the function screen you use on the phone.
It functions, but don't expect new battery all day life. I use this in a old phone I use as a wifi device, but find it drains pretty quickly. 20% charge drain in about 30-40 minutes of use.
I really like most aspects of this case and clip. I did have the kickstand clip break about 2 weeks after I got it, which was a huge disappointment because I couldn't use the kick stand feature anymore which was super convenient. Other than that I don't have anything bad to say about this product.
I like the case but I rated it 3 stars because the color was not as bright, glittery or vibrant as pictured.
1 of the 2 came messed up but the good one is working perfect!
Really nice material. The adhesive on this product only goes around the edges. Had trouble lining it up horizontally. ended up with air bubbles at the bottom and the screen kept lifting. Gave up and removed it.
Fits my iPhone 6s well, and the buttons all work with space for jacks to plug in. Doesn't seem to provide any front protection though. A slight lip over the front edges would provide better protection. That said, I have dropped my phone in this case, and no damage so far, so I guess it's doing it's job.
3 of 4 cords worked.
Hi I expected the battery life to last longer than it is. As it is I am only able to get one charge from the battery pack since it's already on red when I switch on for the second charge.
The product I received had no holes at the top. Just a cut out going across. It's still a glass screen protector but not the one pictured. Also in the actual product description, it says accurate hole placement. It's accurate because it doesn't exist.
I love the beautiful design. It stands out in a crowd. Or rather, I stand out in a crowd when I'm carrying it! However, it's beauty can't make up for it being just a very tad bit small. I had to work really hard to fit my iPad in this cover! I got it in, but it's a little hard to plug it into the power source since the cover doesn't fit perfectly. But I still use it -- maybe beauty can make up for a little bit of imperfection. :)
Loses color and dust sticks to the cover.
Only lasted about 1 and a half months before it stoped charging my phone
The charger is not a fast charger as promoted on the ad.
For the price it will do until we can get an Otter box. Made in china and kind of cheesy, but the price was great to hold us over.
Initially I felt good, but started feeling bad on neck, one ear bud broken, I don't feel like using it - i don't recommend. The product need to be improved a lot.
Could use longer cables, and the magnetic union is too easily separated, causing premature wear on the battery.
I receive different color. That's terrible.
These do not charge fast.
Will potentially be returning. Got item installed and worked fine for 0.02 seconds. Now every time I plug it in I get pop up after pop up asking me to allow it to do its job. After accepting it continues to pop up over and over and over and will not allow me to listen to music or anything. Unless someone can point to a proper fix it will be returned and a refund requested tomorrow.
The photo on the case was very stretched and did not make for an appealing look. Over all though it's decent.
Decent case, peeling the protective films was a bit of a pain. Only complaint came with scratches.
Feels great when holding, not slippery. Corner tabs broke off and leaves it feeling unprotected on corners. Bought in Nov 2017, replaced with different style Mar 2018.
The clear one turned yellow a d the silver and black finish came of the other 2. Also dont get bug spray or hair spray on them they leave mark. Durability is good but still scratches and yellows.
The case is nice, but not sturdy enough to keep my phone from damages.
It well built, looks good on the car and works but its not fast charge (tried with at least 3 different phones)
I had my credit card info stolen while using this wallet I would suggest adding an rdif so cards are protected
If the thing that pushed you over the line to purchase this case was the supposed nice coloring, then you're in for a surprise. It is not as advertised. The colors are dull, so dull that this gold one I ordered looks bronze. but not very appealing . For the protect aspect, it still does what it's suppose to, but it's big.
My #1 reason for going with the Moto Z line was the in Car mount. Liked the Windshield mount better, but the vent mount is actually working well for me and it keeps the Z cooler. I was so excited to finally have a good functional bumper that was not a cut up bumper or fragile plastic as in the past. This frame bumper worked amazingly well, everything lined up perfectly and no interference that I could tell.. my M Z Prayers answered at LAST! I used some Dragon Grip on the sides and all boxes were checked. UNTIL the first time I wanted to remove it for cleaning something underneath.. I could not get it to unlock. I am pretty mechanically adept and work with a lot of tools, but trying to free my phone from this was not going to be easy. When I finally unlocked it, the plastic was ruined and it will never lock again. I will be losing my tape, but a replacement should be in my hands in 2 days... here's hoping that was just a fluke!
They broke easily. Wish the lip that wraps around the attachment was longer and covered the entire length of the attachment
I never used it it seemed to be over the top to use
Thought it was more like an otterbox but it's flimsy
Ought for my I phone 7 and it's loose on the holder . Afraid it might fall without my realizing
Range for Bluetooth.. Not that great
Generally speaking, this is a great deal...to receive two sets of earphones. The only drawback I have is how they fit in the ear--it's not comfortable. So, zero noise cancellation. Would not recommend.
I like it on the first few months, after the 6 months of use, the bumper turned yellow so decided to buy another one.
I really love pink!!! This case to me is for a young girl or teenager. I thought it had too much bling. I also had a hard time using my keyboard when i wanted to write a text or email...etc To me the sides of the case were too close to the keyboard...I was constantly having to correct typo's when I would use this case. It's nice looking but I won't buy this style of case from anyone again..
I have mixed feelings about this product. Does it protect the watch, YES. Does it feel cheap, NO. Can you tell you have it on your iphone watch, NO. It does everything that it was designed to do however it makes the touch screen on the watch difficult to sensitivity. I have to push real hard and multiple times to select anything on my watch. I'm opting to just buy the screen protector and bumper guard instead. This case is frustrating having it on my watch.
Quality case but does not protect the corners like other cases. The phone dropped and the plastic case and glass screen protector cracked as well on the corner. I purchased the Ringke case and the corners of the case are protected more with outstanding flanges.
Sound quality not great, but you get what you pay for.
Gets dirty very easily and does not clean off. Very durable, but will look dirty without being able to clean it off within a day.
Pay attention before you ship out items, I'm sure no one ordered a cracked screen protector! I won't order from you looks of good quality but trash can it goes.
They have two USB slots: Great. The wall plug blades fold in, leaving a cube: Good. However, the charging rate is slower than expected, based on comparing the technical numbers with those of the charger that came with my Lenovo Yoga Tablet 10. That thing kicks butt, but only has one USB slot and blades that don't fold in. If speed is not an issue, these little guys make great overnight chargers for traveling.
It is beautiful but it was to big for my I Phone 7
Felt a little thick and feels like it would shatter if dropped. Not much protection for my phone.
Great product with amazing recovery but does tend to lift on the edges. If you want something durable, try something else.
Decent protection but would still recommend screen cover. Turned yellow after awhile and never figured out how to clean it so I got a different one.
Worked great for the past week but just stopped charging. I'd recommend a different one
Tough skin way too big. Touch screen difficult to you.
Case fits perfectly. Screen protector don't fit and match at all. Look like seller don't give a damn on reviews. Complaint on the screen protector misfit had been brought up before.
Well my old battery would not hold a full charge for longer then 4 to 6 hours and that's Airplane mode everything off just sitting there on standby.. This new battery holds the charge for like 1.5 days maybe 2. That with me using it.. Huge difference. But I am growing very concerned because it is getting very very hot when recharging it...
It works okay if you just want to use it to listen to music or something, but it has a bad quality when recording sound or video chat with someone...
They r ok but broke both of them
Slow charger and loose fit in the phone It works better than average
I was very pleased with this case when I got it! It is very sleek, shoes off the phone, and nice and slim, not bulky at all, but my phone still felt protected. It was VERY difficult to get on my phone because it is so tight fitting. Also because it is so tight fitting, it puts too much strain on the outer pink part near the charging port. As a result, my case broke less than 24 hours after recieveing it and putting it on my phone(I didn't even drop it!). That was super disappointing! I decided to keep using it any way, because the crack was small and didn't seem to cause too much issue. The next day though, the other part broke! I couldn't even force the plastic back together to glue it because it was just made too tight. I think if the outer pink part was just a bit bigger then it would still fit snugly without it breaking. I'm sad that I had to take the pink part off now, because it really made the case look very polished and the rounded edges were very nice. It's functional without it, but I miss it.
Worked well for awhile, but even braided cables wear down. Now it wont fast charge and
This case is really cute. The material is thick and sturdy. I gave it 3 stars because the holder fell off the same day I received it. It's held on with a thick sticky tape. Such a shame for such a cute case.
It went on great, worked great, but in less than one week it was cracked. I didn't drop my phone so I don't know what caused it to crack.
It stuck well (be careful about alignment) and holds well, but it sure does makes some mild noise on top left corner when pressed. Overall pretty good. Edit: my phone fell and the screen protector cracked immediately and glue seems to have disappeared. I kept 3 stars because it saved my screen from cracking.
I really like the colors, however, I thought it I was going to be able to grip it better. The back is kind of slick and not soft like silicone to keep it from slipping out of my hands. But it is a nice case.
This item sucks I've had 2 weeks and the kick stand broke for no reason
The packaging wasn't the best. Looked forced in and we thought it was going to be ripped. It wasn't. :) My boyfriend and I really like it so far, just wish it would fit on a different type of controller that we have. They can make a ton more money just slightly changing the design or having one-three more options. Otherwise, great product
They fit well and sound great, however, I've only had these for a week and they won't turn on or charge now. I've used them maybe twice to workout in, guessing they can't handle sweat as well as it says
I have really liked the wallet holders for my iPhone in the past. The concept of a folio seemed workable. The look, feel and claims (except one) seem to be accurate. But the part that actually holds your phone and has to be removed from the folio in order to take photos is unfortunately not as robust as the rest of the case. If I had the holder out of the folio and dropped the phone, it would likely allow the screen to crack. It's really my only disappointment.
I am giving this screen protector 3 starts. Initially I was going to give it 1 star because it does not work as a privacy screen, but... My phone dropped straight on the screen. Cracks all over. Or so I thought... Once I took off the protector the screen was absolutely fine. This screen protector took all the damage.
I've bought several chargers off amazon and these are by far the best. They all work and fit snuggly into all our usb devices. **update** i have now had the chargers for a month and a week and they all dont work LOL 1 just stopped working. 1 lost its snug fit so it only charges if placed in certain positions. And the 3rd started to fray where the chord and USB port meet and now doesn't work at all. So they didn't last, but they did work well for a month.
Phone continued to drop calls besides that great seller. Apple Computer delivered the phone fast and issued a refund promptly after my return.
Crack pretty easily but does work even after cracked
Bought this for my sister. Has had trouble connecting it to her Samsung S5. She contacted the company a couple of times and have offered solutions, but still has issues, but for the price, my sister seems happy with it.
Well, originally I was really pleased with these headphones. But, the day I wrote my original review (coincidentally) I noticed a shortage on one side. I was able to return that headset for another one (free of charge). The second pair completely stopped working a couple of days ago. Unfortunately, it has been about 35 days since the purchase so I can't return this pair. 🤦🏾‍♂️
I tend to be very aggressive with dropping my cellphone so I tend to get cases like Lifeproof to keep the phone in tact. The case has done so however, I am not able to take my phone off of silent whenever it is in the case. Additionally, when I record any films or audio it sounds like it is muffled and kinda ruins the entire video quality (ie. dont plan on getting any decent footage of a concert ever).
They worked fine with my iphone. The Bluetooth would not pair with my apple watch so I returned them. I want to be able to listen to music at the gym without having to bring my phone and just use my applewatch.
The case looks good, makes the phone easy to hold, and it protected the phone well when I've dropped it a few times over the past 9 months, but it's now starting to come apart. The sides of the bumper on one side are separating from the clear plastic back (see photo). Probably from being shoved into and pulled out of my pocket hundreds of times over the 9 month since I bought it, but I had hoped for more. I saw the same problem in the past from a similar case from a different vendor (with iPhone 5) so it may be inevitable in this style of case.
difficult for screen protector to fit right
The photo on the left is from the Amazon description. The photo on the right is the case I actually received. The pattern and vibrancy of color is much different than advertised and a disappointment. Still, the case fit well, buttons operated well except it was awkward to take a screenshot one handed. It is pretty sturdy and not too slippery.
So the case itself looks nice and feels durable so I'll give them that. It claims to allow wireless charging through it. I tried it on my stand wireless charger horizontally and vertically and nothing. I had to hold at a certain angle for it to charge. Another thing is I can't access the fingerprint scanner with that small cutout which is such a shame.
I bought this item on a Black Friday 2018 deal, so got a major steal. I keep the case in my everyday carry bag in the event I'll need to charge my phone on the go. In my opinion, the case is too bulky to be an everyday case. I wanted to put it to a real test, so I recently let my phone battery drop to 1% and then plugged it into this Mophie case. With minimal device use during charging, this Mophie case was able to charge my iPhone up to 86%. In my opinion, this is disappointing given Mophie's claim of "100% additional charge". The case does make charging on the go a little more convenient than a spare battery/lighting cable set up, but like I said, it too bulky to be an everyday case.
Often requires multiple plugging and unplugging to get it to see the headset and/or power but when it works it is pretty good. One of my biggest beefs about lightning iPhone was the inability to charge AND listen with headphones at the same time and this solved that without having to go wireless which only last, as many Airpod users are finding out, a year or two at most.
Not great.. it's made ok, I bought the pink case, and it gets so dirty between work, home, being in my purse.. plus the metal flap that keeps it closes gets in the way when talking, dialing or taking pictures
My AUX cord, will not fit in my phone without removing the case. Definitely a flaw and needs to be fixed.
I ordered this case for my girlfriend for Christmas. I really liked the case and so did she, it fits perfectly and the material is soft and has a good feel although somewhat slippery. After about a month of use the biggest issue is the material, it's kind of like a silicone so it cracks and tears when it snags on things like zippers or anything sharp, and even though the defects are not really big they take away from the case. I have another Torras case that has a harder material and it does not have this problem.
Just received this case. Nowhere in the packaging does it say it has RFID card protection. I want to be sure it is. Anyone know?
Good cheap option for charging cords that see use and abuse. I've bought expensive ones and cheap ones and everything in between to charge my daughters iPads. No matter what I buy they see so much abuse that nothing seems to last. Out of the 5, 3 are still working. These aren't super heavy duty but they are doing ok so far. All 5 did work when I got them. They are economical on situations where they are likely to get destroyed anyway.
I loved these at first, wore them while walking on my treadmill watchin a moving hiking trail. After the fifth or 6th use, i noticed I had a bit of a balance problem, and started to get headaches after 5 minutes, i do have a problem with depth perception, so that may have contributed to my problem.
Like then but wish he stay charged for longer
Will not charge if cell phone is in a case. Otherwise it is Awesome!!!
Okay, yeah it's cute, and we know it's not for protection - but here's the deal, it LEAKS! I just put the case on last night and noticed just a teeny tiny air bubble within all the glitter, here we are not even 24 hours later and the air bubble has quadrupled in size. Not sure where it's leaking at, but it's definitely leaking... not worth returning because it was so cheap but I will be buying a different case today.
It does what you need it to do! I would order again.
Performs well, however it is a bit bulky, and the blue LED is super bright.
Case is heavy and sturdy. There is a small problem. There is no glitter what so ever. Not on the front bumper or on the back cover
The outer skin/ lining started peeling off with less than 1 year of use. The case is too slim to protect the screen in the front. As a long time user of Otterbox, I expect much better! Would not buy again.
Its a good product but the bipod of vent hook that it came with, keeps sliding off my car's air vent so i had to use my old mounts windshield suction cup instead. Also, the wireless charging keeps pausing/cutting in and out.
It's not the best but you get what you pay for
Works as indicated but when it's plugged in, regardless of whether or not it is turned on, it makes my radio stations static and cut out but they go back to normal as soon as I unplug it. I have it set to a channel that has no avail local station and nothing is even close to that number so that is annoying but otherwise it is serving it's intended purpose
Phone vibrates off and falls on the floor
It was simple to place using the included frame. But when initially used with the Otter Box Commuter phone case, the screen protector started to lift off. I had to go back and use the included cardboard squeegee to re-press it down. After leaving it out of the phone case over night, it has not lifted since.
Can only use for 3 to 4 hours before it's time to charge again.
I like the case and the color is what I wanted the stand on the back seems a little weak, like it may be easy to break, it looks metal but its plastic ( the stand) and the magnet, is not as strong as I was hoping. It only works as well as it does because I bought a really strong magnet clip for my car.
This products design is good but cheap materials. The pop out stands breaks very quickly and when the holder is on your belt with the phone out it breaks a corner off with minor pressure. I have broken 2 of these the same way. If they made this of less rigid plastic it might tolerate bending more.
The material was fine but i got it for the wrong phOne
I was really excited about this. But I ended up really disappointed. It holds a great charge. I was able to charge my phone and smart watch for 2-3 days without having to recharge the charger. But I was really disappointed with its ability to charge by solar. It just won't. I had it in direct sunlight for about 12 hours over the course of 2 days and it still only showed 1 indicator light. Since then, I've had it in my window for over a week, untouched, and it's still only showing 1 indicator light for how charged it is. Customer service was great though. They offered me a refund when I contacted them about it. I'm giving it a 3 only because their customer service was great, it holds a great charge, and I can still charge it via charging cable through a wall outlet.
I really enjoyed this privacy protector despite not being able to use the fingerprint sensor, I was pretty happy till after about two weeks the protector just slid off the phone and I was able to reattach it!! Now I have no screen protector and my students are back to looking into my phone, so disappointed.
The case looks good. It is not 100% leather, the inner case is plastic with a thin layer of leather glued on. It looks good and seems well done, however, I bought this particular case because it claimed 100% leather and I did not want any plastic, so it is disappointing.
2 main issues I have with this screen protector: The width of this protector is either exactly the width of the screen or just slightly more narrow. Either way, one side of my screen would have a single column of pixels all the way down exposed, and the next column in from those would give off this iridescent glow coming through the edge of the protector. Was very distracting. It is nearly impossible to place this without getting dust bubbles underneath. Once dust gets under, there is no removing it (adhesive undercoat). I had a few bubbles on my first attempt so I removed it and used the 2nd one hoping to be more careful, but it ended up with more and was distracting enough to get me to remove that one as well, so now I am looking for a new screen protector.
It's ok kinda pricey because i couldnt even hear it in my wallet when trying to find it.
I can't keep these in my ears when jogging. Have yo keep readjusting them
Most likely wont protect my phone form a fall but very cute and the ring in the back is affixed very well.
The case is very protective, and is safe, fits very well except for the screen cover. It's very slightly not flush to the screen, so dirt and dust can get in the holes and stuck between the screen cover and the screen. The built-in cover is also plastic, and prone to unremovable scratches, if you aren't careful. Would not buy again If you do have it, you may try and first put a glass screen protector on the phone, and then put it in the case. This may help keep dust out, but it won't protect the poetic's plastic screen cover from scratches.
I like them. The sound is crystal. My only complaint is the cord seems to be untrustworthy. I have replaced two in a short amount of time. My radio chops in and out after a few weeks of use.
I followed the video instructions and the screen still doesn't adhere fully to my iPhone 11.
This case is adorable. The only downfall is that on the bottom where you plug in your charger is WAY TOO thick that you can't even get your charger in...
Good quality, too cumbersome. You have to remove and put back on the top.
My first impression of the screen was very happy! Good quality and very easy to install on iphone 6. But after 10 months, the screen is experiencing erratic "ghost touch" and needs to be replaced. This is probably due to the low quality digitizer that is used. It's unfortunate that this hardware didn't even last one year before going bad. I will probably go with a different screen this time.
The light itself is wonderful. The phone holder and extension for the light are flimsy and seem to fall a lot, however. It's a pretty good buy for $20
Difficult to use. Gave wrong directions.
I have dropped my phone several times , but one time it broke toward the bottom where it clicks together. The higher sides make it difficult to hit some of the correct keys while texting.
Really liked this case until it started discoloring shortly after I got it. However, I will give it 5 stars on the protection. Unfortunately, I'm going to have to buy a new one because this one just looks gross now.
Great case for on the go.
These were too long or my use. But the main issue I had was the amount o force it took to eat these to work. I had better results with a cheaper stylus.
1 of the power cords to charge the AirPods stopped working within 2 weeks.
when mounting on windshield, there is insufficient clearance for larger phones. phone grip is so-so suction eventually gives out in the heat
Screen doesn't automatically come on when I start my car. Sounds awesome in my car though.
Delivered today good band so far so good. Very masculine thick strap with hefty looking buckle. Update: I've had the band for maybe a week and the strap does not fully connect to the watch. It's not a snug fit I'm fearful the watch will come completely detached
Very difficult to get air bubbles out from under it.
Haven't spilled any liquids on it so I don't know about the water resistant. It does fit well over the button cutouts. Cannot use a screen protector under the case but it does protect well from drops. enclosed screen protector has help up well after 3-4 months of use. Only downfall is that the screen does show a rainbow-ish glare and can make the screen hard to see in the sun.
The phone case is not rose gold and silver it is just a rose gold standing around the phone air 4S the back of the phone is black it is going to be rose gold and black. Picture is very misleading and I'm not happy can you please contact me
Bulky and not for coverage just for looks
The power bank charged in 6 hrs. The wireless feature doesn't work. Charging my phone with the interface was very fast but used up more than half the juice in the power bank for one phone charge. I'm going to keep it bc sometimes I have to charge my phone and I'm outside and not by an outlet.
The phone arrived as scheduled and was operational, but it just didn't really meet my needs. There's no LED notification, which is an important feature to me. Also, I would've preferred a better camera. No real problem with the phone, it just wasn't what I preferred, so I returned it. The seller was very accommodating. Thanks.
Could be my ears but they still fall out doing workouts. Other than that they are good.
I like to have a slim case on my phone, this one was just too bulky.
This was my first Dash Cam purchase. Honestly, I struggled using the Camera. The menu system was awkward to use and not intuitive at all. By biggest complaint, the unit wouldn't stay off. It has parking mode sensors which I was specifically looking for but even in my house charging, it would go on all day long. There was no obvious reason for it to turn on and after 24 hours on a charger, I had like 60, 5 minute videos of my wall. As for the quality of the video recording, it is mediocre. In daylight driving, I could not read license plates on cars 30 feet in front of my car and the videos were not smooth. If this is your budget limit, it's better than nothing but not what I was hoping for.
Works great but a little loose but works.
The case its self is great but i dont care for the built-in stand. The stand doesn't extend far enough away to be a stable platform. If you touch the screen with the stand out it tends to fall over
This case is fine but you get what you pay for: it costs $6 and it looks like it costs that amount. But, the cut-outs line up fine and it fits my iPhone 5C correctly, for the most part. The rubbery part gapes at the top and bottom and the hard plastic part looks very cheap. But, it does fit well enough. I did use my 5C to make a phone call just now and the case doesn't seem to interfere with the sound (my old giant Survivor case muffled my voice such that people could never hear me on phone calls.) I paired this cheap case with the Mr Shield brand tempered glass screen protector -- I would 100% recommend the Mr Shield screen protector; easy to put on, no air bubbles.
They dont last more than 6 months but they work well in those 6 months for sure ....oh well
My phone has fallen once since placing this protector on. The protector fell off, but luckily the screen was not damaged.
The item arrived in good condition and on time just as it was stated. No negatives. The reviews where really not that good concerning the phone.
I really like Spigen covers, but this one has recessed sides so that the side edges of the screen aren't protected. The ends of the are higher, but one would have to drop the phone just right to not crack a screen in my opinion. Returned it.
One of the cords doesn't work. I plug it in and it decreases the battery instead of charging it. Of course, it's the shortest of them, the one I needed for my car. Maybe I'll try another batch.
My first one already cracked and broke. It's been a week.
These buds fit great, the design is wonderful, the sound is crisp and clear, but there is no bass or low end on the audio at all. I even adjusted the settings on my audio output from my phone, but to no avail. Nice product, no bass.
A good product, protects the screen of my fitbit. But it tends to slide back and forth and sweat gets trapped underneath it, which is a little counterproductive seeing as its a fitness band.
Not thrilled with this. It is very light weight and not stable. It stores the watch in the position where the watch works as a clock which does not turn off. That was not the purpose of buying this. I wanted a convenient charger.
I thought I already posted this, but maybe it was with the one for the Wonder Woman apron. This Superman apron is for a child, which I wasn't aware of when I purchased, but kept it anyway.
I dislike the fact that the wire from the backup lamp to the transmitter were way to short I needed to add 5 feet more wire. (2), The wire clips they send for connecting the wires together are also junk and cheap. I ended up using sodering gun and heat shrink. I installed the unit on a 2003 GMC Envoy
First one showed broken second one looks great
I like this case. Wish it had more pockets. Other then that nice texture an durability.
I like everything about this band. It's comfortable, and fits my watch without issue. I've used it just about everyday for the last month and the material is coming apart from the bottom, just above the logo. Whenever I flex or move my arm, the plastic piece holding the watch comes undone and I have to set it back into the fabric :(
Picture quality isn't the best and the sound was nothing but loud beeps and humming. The battery wont charge and night vision is horrible. the seller did send me a new replacement for it
The case performs. The color won't show well on the phone, as pictured. There's a hue of gold but it's more transparent than anything.
Good quality product but one pair I purchased was a small packaged in a medium box
I thought that this case would work with wireless charging but it does not. It's also fairly challenging to text and use the screen and fingerprint reader through. I don't want to use it as a full time case but for vacation in water it seems very useful.
Arrived on time very nice
but the front facing camera and home button wouldn't work :( But my screen isn't busted anymore so that's a plus. Thank goodness for Assisted Touch or I wouldn't be able to access anything on my phone since the home button won't work.
I think it is a good cell phone solution for ur automobile except your car must have the proper places to attach it. My auto did not, and that is the only reason it's not a solid 5 rating for me.
This is a huge case. We took the front plastic off before using it. The clip is sort of odd, and the whole unit with the phone in it will flop over more than any case I've had before. The biggest drawback is how hard it is to get in and out of the holster...requiring that it snap in with force. I appreciate the case more than the holster and for that reason, would buy again.
This product has limited application due to its limits in connectivity. Basically, if your lost item isn't within 100 feet of you, you're not going to find it right away, if at all. Further, when you activate the alarm on the device, it's hard to hear even when it's right in your pocket, let alone lost! I bought this because I recently lost my wallet and swore that if I found it (I did) I would make an effort to make sure it never happened again. These Tiles are definitely better than nothing, but for the price I was hoping it would do more. I probably wouldn't order this again.
I'd give it a 5 star if the instructions were in English.
too big to wear on belt
It gets the job done. However like most tech stuff it has a limited life span. So, buy it, use it, don't expect it to last your whole life.
perfect thinness, material and quality. only problem is that the fitment of your AC adapter into the USB port will be loose. they should have left a better cutout.
Anker makes great products, the cord held up like a champ, until I put it in my bag not in it's carry case. The micro usb connector bent and now it won't stay in my phone. Before this, it was a great cord. Now, it's good for things that don't move.
I like it but itll reset middle of the day for no reason, and the battery life doesnt last a full day.
It's a nice, sturdy case but to me, the pictures show it to have a more rounded shape like the phone. It's like a brick. And the volume and power button are hard to locate quickly because they're not raised. Now I have to buy a different case.
Looks and feels great, but switching from screen to screen is a little chunky and not smooth. Overall not bad for the price
Picture is not centered on my screen. Every now and again picture quality is not great.
The idea of this is great, execution needs work (not as much through flaw in design but through a flaw in actual application/foreword thinking). I readily admit my complaint lies in it simply not being what I wish it was more than it lacking at being what it is. 1. The zipper comes off track literally every time I open it. While it's fairly simple to remedy each time, it'd be nice if it reliably worked as intended 2. It purports to have the capacity to hold about 10 cards. It currently has 5 cards and a few dollars (here, a few genuinely means 3) and still the zipper takes several minutes of coaxing to work 3. As a female and business professional, I already have (obviously not this phone case's fault) issues finding pants with pockets (dear god why is it a pipe dream to carry a phone, wallet, and keys {or, seriously, any ONE of those things} without carrying a purse?! Why?!), and was hopeful that a phone case that conviently doubled as a wallet would cut my issues from three to one. So while yes, it does easily hold the amount of things I'd put in a wallet, the fact that the zipper takes serious bargaining, shouting, and sometimes under my breath cursing to work makes me downright NUTS (yes, total first world problem. But hey, I like the things I have to do the things they're supposed to do). For a case that seems to be marketed to women (based on wristlet), it'd be amazing if it overcame the pocket conspiracy. 0 stars in my heart because it doesn't make pants pockets a thing and doesn't magically anticipate that a phone case wallet for a phone that requires an adapter to use headphones doesn't hold said adapter (unless it's the only thing you want it to hold) BUT because I'm a fair person and this phone case doesn't purport to be anything beyond a phone case, I give 3 stars because it doesn't meet my expectation that the one moving part reliably, you know, move. TLDR; if you're not against a few minutes of work to get the zipper to close each time you open it, this thing is perfect.
Screws with the ability to unlock with my finger print.
I bought 2 of these about a year ago. They don't hold charges for as long as they used to, but they still work decent enough. They're really heaving & kind of bulky so I don't carry them around as much as I'd like to be able to. They were relatively inexpensive so I'd probably buy them again when the time comes.
Band won't even clip on to the fitbit which makes it useless. Returning item. Edit: Vendor promptly emailed me and offered to send replacement. It took several tries to get the replacement to snap in, and it occasionally comes apart from my Ionic.
As described, I'm happy
Its ok. Looks inexpensive
It's a beautiful case. Fits with 60% accuracy to my LG k10. I was expecting the glitter to be a bit more brighter and flashy. It beautiful though. Worth the money. I would recommend it. But be certain that the volume up and down keys lines up as they didn't line up with my phone So this is my updated views I love the case the tempered glass was a great bonus. However, the volume knobs at the side dont line up and thus keeps lowering the volume depending on how I hold the phone sooooo. For me it's not for an LG k10. Again it's a good buy. Very sturdy nice case.
The first one came broken. I received the second pair 2 days later and they work perfectly.
I love it the colors are beautiful and I get compliments on it all the time! Unfortunately it is showing some signs of wear and I've only had it a week
When I wear on my arm or is to small or to big...
This little radio has the loudest volume I've heard, for such a small radio. The volume control button doesn't work as well as it should. It must be attached to tightly and the ridges aren't as deep as they need to be for fingers to control. This thing drains batteries way, way, way too quickly. I believe because of the lighted dial and the loud volume perhaps. I use the radio at work, four days a week. I have to change the batteries every two to three days and I don't work a full eight hour shift.
The video quality and features are better than expected at this price but the mounting system is junk. In the heat of the sun the plastic gets soft and loses the grip on the camera mount. This makes the camera prone to falling out of the attachment point from the suction mount. Another problem with the camera not being firmly secured is the resulting "jello" video from the vibration of driving.
It is pretty and comfortable. Mine got dirty pretty quickly, so I threw it away.
Images looks better that it is, it looks thinner
I would not classify them as "Traveling Binoculars" they are way too big and bulky.
Doesn't protect the cell phone and is too heavy and big
I thought these would be perfect for my watch because if the glass material but the edges keep cracking. I had two where the edges cracked without me even hitting the watch. I contacted the company and they sent me another one because of the lifetime warranty which I really appreciated but the first day I put it on it cracked then created a web crack and I had to take it off completely. My watch is unprotected now. At this rate I'm not even sure it's worth sending it back to get a replacement. I would just purchase something else.
I love the feel of the headset, its very comfortable and the sound quality is great. I normally use it while working , my hands are normally occupied so they come in handy while on a call and for listening music.
I've been using various series of Supcase cases for past 5+ years of owning several generations of iPhone. I've always been very satisfied with Supcase as they are so durable and well-made. I've always wanted to see more colors/ options so I purchased this one despite the fact there were no reviews yet. Upon receiving, the product doesn't have any features for me to identify this as Supcase product. I haven't actually used it as I am going to return it. It looks cheap and the material feels flimsy. It looks too trendy and cheap.
Great case. The tempered glass screen does not cling at all, and it's too small. I either got the wrong one or I was missing a portion of it. I looked through the instructions very closely and follow them very closely but what I got was the film that was way too small
Unfortunately this product is basically useless for my car. The material it's made with clicks my radios screen, so I have to put it on the vent closest to my wheel. Not a big deal except it pops off randomly and scares the crap out of me and with it and my phone being decent weight, it's enough to make you jerk your wheel. It also blocks alot of heat coming from my cars small vents. Overall, don't suggest. My husband has a magnetic one and it works so much better. Also not a creepy looking robot cat.
Good day the screen I ordered the touch is not working and will like to know if I can get a replacement!
I've only had my case for 3 days and the black covering has already started shedding. I am not pleased considering the price i paid.
the fit is a bit tight but seems to do the job.
I love the idea of the watch. And while it worked, it helped my son. But after the first week of waring it, the buckle fell off and now he can't wear it. I am trying to find a replacement buckle. For an item that is made for kids, it really needs to be more durable. My rating is about the durability for kids. It works when it was being worn, even waking my son up for school.
It looks very beautiful but the holding ring is very flimsy and really loose.
This case has an awkward beveled edge on the inside (phone face). It's relatively deep, which keeps the screen safe, but seriously impedes the touch screen surface. Trying to close out windows can be difficult because of it, the edge keeps you from being able to tap precisely in the corners of the phone. (So every time there's one of those silly ads with the minuscule X in the corner, I spend 5 mins just trying to close it.) Overall, it looks nice, is very light, and keeps the XR from sliding off every surface imaginable, a problem I've noticed with the bulky and rounded XR. It was easy to put on and the front cover goes over the screen nicely, except for noted beveled edge. I'll continue to use it for now, but will likely look for something else without the deep front edges.
It's a hair too small for my phone screen. The glass curves around the edge, but the seal makes it like a rainbow edge. Also, it creaks when I use the screen. It's ok... not perfect. I'll keep it and use the second one ... but not sure if I'd buy them again.
Haven't actually put it on yet, because I haven't found the time I didn't need my phone for a whole day. Will update when i actually find the time to use it
It's okay have bubbles
Not as durable or water resistant. Case pops open every drop
Couldn't push the buttons with this case. Seemed durable and effective, though so if you don't mind having to cram the buttons in to get them to work, this case would work for you
The product is okay and it gets 3 stars. Mostly because if you pull on the charge cord a little the charger pulls out of the wall socket. My other chargers need more force and it is the cord that comes loose from the charger not charger from wall. For part 2 I am not sure if the device has always done this or not because the room always had white noise going. Tonight with the charger on my nightstand I noticed it makes an electrical oscillating noise when a device is plugged in. I am not taking that into account on my 3 star rating because there was a storm today and the ground fault triggered so I don't know if it made noise before the storm or not. However if it did make this noise before the storm I would drop the rating to 1 or 2 stars. Anyway not saying it's a bad product but since it pulls out of the socket that easy it's not for me. I will keep it for now but not order another.
I really like the look of the case. It's sleek and matches really well with my iPhone 8 Plus. The rubber end sticking out of the case for camera protection does its job well. Unfortunately that's the best I can say about the case. The shiny metal Fran scratches very easily and the buttons are mushy. The cut outs for the speakers are sharp and can cut you. Lastly the you have to bend the case a bit to properly wrap around the phone. If the price were $8.99 I would not mind it's short comings.
These seemed to work great at first, but then the rivets started coming out. Then the boxes started slipping down to the floor. They need to make them deeper or with more of a lip on one side of the rim so it can't slip down.
Had this product for a 2 months. It has held up so far. It is a little hard to remove from the belt holster It might loosen up over time and longer I use it.
Screens are great just not the right size. Thought I ordered just the 9s but it was plus when it came. Totally useless to me.
There were no instructions in the package, and it is smaller than my phone. However, it does protect the screen and does not come off as expensive ones do from the T-mobile store.
Soft touch case comes in 3 pieces. Seems like it would be durable if dropped. Rubber-like coating scratches easily though. Don't toss anything in your pocket with your phone. I've had the case for less than a week and it already has an annoying scratch in it.
Pack of two, but one arrived cracked. Used the one that wasn't cracked and it worked fine.
It's nice and handy but it slips off after so many times of moving it to different positions
It's not what I was expecting, but it's ok
Right style but a little flimsy... wish it was a little more tough and thick
For its price I'm impressed with what is provided and the manufacturer's attention to detail and instruction manual. But it's just not that easy to put the phone on the stand. Trying to take your phone off in the middle of the night and then get it back on when it's dark.. forget it. You have to wake up and sit up and fiddle with it. Given I have a phone that charges wirelessly, I think I'll just get one of those that look similar to this for about twenty bucks more. I wish I'd just bought a wireless one to begin with.
Arrived quickly and looks just like the description. Wasn't pleased with this type of screen protector. Very hard to install correctly.
Like how the color is fading to the top, so I know where is the top. It's clear, so I can enjoy to see the phone color. The thing which I do not like is that the ring, which should of been a holder became flimsy in 1 month.... So I use it as a holder when need to carry just a phone.
Waaaay to tight for the stylus that came with my Chromebook. I have to literally fight pulling the stylus out just to access it. Wish I knew before I bought it, here's my head's up to you guys. Wouldn't recommend.
It's cute, without the cutout for the side controls makes it a bit tough to use them.
Nice sturdy case but got dirty quickly and is hard to clean.
Charger works fine. Although it does seem to charge a little shower an original apple charger but not a lot slower to really complain. Also the magnet is kinda weak on the charger- you really have to secure the watch. But over all product does get the job done 3.5 out of 5
After having this case on for awhile my first concern was not having the safety edge on the front of the case for the screen; no biggy so far has been great for shock proof and durability. Scratch resistant was not the truth it scratches extremely easy the front took a bit longer than the back but they both scratched within the first couple of days. Waterproof is truthful it does keep water out that I have found. The only issue is calling and someone being on speaker phone they cannot hear you very well you have to hold it right up to your mouth... in turn it's easier to have them off speaker. Other than that I love the case
Love these cases. Always durable, however, I wish I could find them where the design last longer without scratching off.
I really liked this phone grip/stand so much, good design, but the quality of the plastic piece used as the stand is poor. After 1 week of enjoying it, the plastic piece broke. I can still use the strap to securely hold my phone, the elastic strap is good strong quality. I know it's a low cost item, so I will probably buy another one, but disappointed.
The headphones broke withing a few days. The other items are still working, but don't expect them to last long, they feel cheap.
Seems to scratch easily.
Second time I purchased this case. They last about a year and then the hard plastic on the outside breaks. Getting a different product this time.
Its good but only if ull plug in and leave it. Great for car or table Not great for plugging on the go. The magnet moves if ur mobile. I wanted it to pokemon.... not ideal. Needs stronger magnet
Works good but does not fast charge even with right cable. Also drains battery if I keep the bike parked for more than a week (no devices connected) .
The cable does not completely charge my IPhone when it is connected to my Ihome. It only charges it to 90% when plugged in overnight.
I did not drop these or throw them. Suddenly the on/off switch doesn't work. Sound is good and battery life is good but construction quality is poor.
Installation was a bit tricky. Watch the video. I went through 3 before I got a decent installation (they give you 6 luckily). But there's a crease in the middle from the installation I can't get rid of. In most angles it blends in really well and you can't tell it's there. What bothers me is that it doesn't absorb scratches like it says. I've had it installed for only 30 hours and you can see all the scratches on it under certain angles. It's like indentions into the plastic or something and makes me want to swap out into another protector since I have a few left but I don't want to end up swapping again tomorrow when it happens again. I have never used protectors on my previous apple watches and am used to glass protectors for my phone so perhaps I'm too spoiled by that naked look or being picky but it genuinely bothers me.
Does not include lithium battery
This was absolutely so cute! I got compliments on it all the time! I'm super disappointed though because after a while the elastic strings started breaking and eventually one entire row of beads broke off! I'm so sad because i loved it!
The glass is at least 2mm smaller than the size of the screen in 3 of the sides and almost 1cm at the bottom, but I guess that it would protect for the most important damages, especially if you also use a case
My wife liked her case. She said to bad the stars didn't glow in the dark.
I purchased this item to protect my watch and I have only worn it once. The piece sweats leaving the device hard to read with a fog over the glass. Maybe I will look into one that only covers the edge of the watch.
This is a very good looking phone stand and it is feels very sturdy. However the functionality is just not there. I have this on my desk at work and it is very hard to maneuver my charging cable into the little opening at the bottom. This has become such a nuisance that I purchased another stand made by a different seller on here that has it totally open at the bottom except for two little pegs that hold your phone in on the outside corners. This way I can just easily charge my phone without having to fuss with it. Also, would like for it to have been able to swivel which this other one also does.
It's a good product but an extremely tight and exact fit for my iPhone 6s without any margin for error when applying. Easy to clean and remains mostly smudge free which I really appreciate.
Pushing the buttons were hard with the case on
Install and alignment is a snap with the included guide stickers. The package comes with 2 protectors which were installed on each of my moto x4 phones. Neither install had bubbles and the fit was good (NOTE: BECAUSE OF THE SLIGHT CURVE OF GLASS ON THE X4, YOU SHOULD EXPECT THIS SCREEN PROTECTOR TO NOT COVER THE FULL WIDTH OF THE SCREEN). My problem arose with the 2nd installation. The alignment was perfect, but for some reason the glass would not adhere around the edges (the first install went PERFECT). The left side and bottom were worse than the right side(although it is a problem on both left and right sides). As a result I'm getting pieces of fuzz etc that are slipping up under the protector. I can push the glass down on to my screen and watch it look like it will adhere, then it will pop right back up. Either the Omoton glass was manufactured slightly off, or my 2nd moto x4 has more curvature than the 1st one...in either case, I'm worried that something is going to catch the side that has poor adhesion and lift the protector off. I'll be leaving the protector on for now because it will still provide better protection than nothing.
Could not make it work and return the item.Instructions are too complicated for someone mi age.
Very nice. Was to big for me. Didnt like how it fit and looked on me. Otherwise was nice
I had to change to this case when the Defender did not fit with the glass screen protector. On the one hand, it is very pretty compared to any of the Defender options. However- unlike the Defender cases the smooth slick finish makes it SOO easy to drop the phone or for it to slide off of surfaces! I am told the drop test rating is good and it will protect my phone- but only time will tell. With 3 kids my phones get beat up- and so far I miss my Defender case!
I guess if you want to carry the phone in a separate bag this might work, but if you want to carry it in your pants or shirt pocket, this is case is too big. It makes a slick phone look very dorky ... it protects the phone, but now the phone looks like a brick :))
This was a replacement for my easy-to-use LG 3G phone. Was told by TracFone they no longer supported the 3G, when I called to ask why I could no longer send my photos to email. It was a blow since I'm on a fixed income. Got the 4G android & it is horrible to use. I still haven't figured it out, even using the guide. And now I understand there will be another upgrade. It's nice to be able to access the Internet, but can't actually get updates. The screen changes so quickly, I cant' complete an action. All I really want to do is make & receive calls; take & send photos to email. Is that too much to ask?
Not what I thought too bulky.but a secure case
I think this product is well made in its construction. However, after using it about a week I decided it wasn't for me. 1. It requires 2 hands to install the phone each time. 2. It blocks precious air flow. Not as big of a deal in the winter but in Texas summers it would absolutely be a deal breaker. There are better options.
Love the case, but the glass screen cover is about a inch too small, and doesnt cover the whole screen.
It works fine, but it is not an authentic Kate Spade battery. It will only charge on the original charger that came with the Moto Z. It can not be charged on a wireless charger.
Just got this to use with my phone. Don't know yet how the pictures will turn out but is easy to use
Doesn't work well for the phone people say that they cannot hear me
Neither of these screen protectors lasted very long. The first one cracked in my pocket and the second one fell off after a few days. The only sticky part is the black border so it is difficult to avoid bubbles and separation between the protector and the touch screen. I liked that the protector covers the entire screen, which is difficult to find for the LG G5 because of the curved edge. It was relatively easy to install, but as I said neither lasted more than a week. I will definitely be trying another brand.
Pretty but scratches very easily.
The kickstand is extremely hard to get out
Sent me the wrong size, great quality though for a used item.
Since even the "flat" S7 screen curves a bit at the edges, these flat pieces of glass don't stick all the way to the edge... there are a few mm on either side with an air gap. I assume dust will get in there at some point, but for now it seems okay. Might just have to go with a plastic protector in the future if that comes to pass. I'll update this review if anything changes. Otherwise it was very easy to apply; the one I have on my Nexus 6 by Omoton works great.
Stopped connecting after awhile and assume due to bad inner wire connection. Had to wiggle it a certain way to Make connection. Now useless.
Almost lost them because they slip off the unit
Seems that 3 of the cables work well and 2 do not, overall I wouldn't expect much more from a cheap cable
Haven't had it 6 months and spine is totally faded
This case is sooo beautiful but omg... it's been a nightmare. I cannot get the slider portion to detach from the other part of the case. Furthermore, I've had the case for three days and one of the pieces covering the volume up button broke...
Is there ANYONE I can talk to? No number to call this company??? Every time I insert my SD card it tells me there's an error and shuts off?? Please help me with this. This camera quality is amazing and I would hate to return it..... Another thing is that it is very big, shiny, and attractive, someone can steal this from your car.
They were bigger than I expected and the weight pulls them down on some outlets. But work great and am mostly happy.
Looks nice, the silver mesh is clean. The magnet isn't able to prevent slippage, though it's not so weak that the watch will fall off my wrist it does loosen over time.
I like the case - it's a little slippery but it seems sturdy. the screen protector is bad - it didn't apply cleanly to the phone so there's some shimmering between the screen and the protector, and the screen is MUCH less responsive than it used to be, particularly at the edges.
This is a neat tracker, and once set up does a credible job of tracking and keeping records. Battery holds for 3 days. Step count is a bit high but not more than 10%. Once I figured out how to set it up with the H-Band App, it records and displays (on linked cell phone) daily heart monitor, blood oxygen, heart rate variation, and sleep time and depth for each day. I really wanted to see extremes, however, and you don't get that. You get the value at specific points in time, I think every 30 minutes. So it doesn't do a bit for my need of monitoring my blood oxygen level to make sure I rest when it starts to get low, and my heart rate when it starts to go too fast. On the other hand, for the price it looks good to me compared to what I see in the stores.
We have pixel 2. These are not fast charging ours. :( These seems to have a good quality? Planning to return.
Installed the day after i got my new phone kind of tedious to put on but that is expected. About a month and a half later I dropped my phone for the first time. Screen protector poped right off. Not sure I'm sold on this product. Second screen protector is on now so looks like I'll have to order a back up. I'm probably going to go with a diffrent brand. Did it protect my screen form scratches? Yes. But I am fairly carful not to get it scratched up in the first place. If after the first drop it didn't pop off it might be a diffrent story. Oh and sunny days good luck seeing your screen to take pictures, but i cant say for sure if that is screen protector related or not.
This phone case has to be turned on to work, and it shuts off automatically when it detects the current drop below a threshold. Unfortunately this threshold is set way too high. When your phone's internal battery reaches near 90%, it slows down charging to a trickle. The battery case decides to shut off at this point. The problem with this is that you cannot run your phone for a long time without regular intervention. The battery case has to be repeatedly turned on. So, if you were hoping to extend your phone's battery life without having to turn the battery on over and over, you're out of luck. If instead you just want to treat this battery like a spare where you push a button to top off your phone's internal battery, that will work fine. On the upside, the USB port does still work to pass-through data. All ports are still accessible on the phone (although the headphone jack is tricky depending on your headphone plug). Even the NFC reader still works just fine on the phone through the case. This is the only battery case available for this phone, so if you need it, you're stuck with its deficiencies anyway.
Works but ... Has bubbles and hard to get just right .. Its not glass but its cheap and good
Good product for a quick touchup, not for everyday use.
Made installation of subs easy. Did not need the ANC defeat. No troubles there. Spent more than required because of that.
The little hook part didnt stick n immediatley fell off, can u send me a new hook? The ring part is fine
I like everything about this case, except the coin compartment has no closure. I expected a zipper. I checked, the description only says there is a coin area, but does not specify that it is closed. I guess i took for granted it was closed cause who would want it otherwise?
The case is very nice but not to secure it easily comes apart at the bottom
One is not quite enough for a Galaxy S9+. It does not drop, but it leans over and ends up facing the floor. However, it holds an iPhone 7 without any issues. The vent grips are very well designed. When you lock the lever down, it will not let go until you release it. Here are some other considerations; if you have a device that has wireless charging, this will interfere with that. The adhesive they use on the phone side mount is incredibly strong. It can be removed using rubbing alcohol and strong fishing line (I used 80lb test) dental floss was no match for it. But that said, there is no need to worry that the adhesive will let go. I think 2 Steelie's would have been great to hold the S9+, but cost prohibitive and prevent the use of wireless charging.
My rear camera image is upside down. The camera is installed correctly on license plate. There is no function in the setup menu to rotate the image. Bummer.
Like the earpiece clarity, volume over in the ear pieces. Don't like the way the earpiece fits, lack of adjustment for comfort. The wire is too short from earpiece to mike. I have short torso and still can't keep it tucked away. Relief for wires should be at radio attachment, not several inches away.
I wear these socks some. Better for winter time. Thick socks. they didn't pull up as far as I like socks too.
not good for use under the sun.. it looks almost like a mirror...
It looks great but it's extremely hard to remove and definitely won't withstand drops. I'm pretty careful but I dropped it once and the gold top/bottom pieces chipped so they no longer fit together.
Keep falling off the watch ! On my third time one of the stones fell off:(
this didn't work for me. I found out I needed a different one for my locale.
It's ok. Don't expect the same level of quality like the Apple product but it comes pretty close.
After 6mo. of use I am having no issues with the adhesive and the loop is helpful anytime I want a little extra security in my grip. The reason for my 3 star rating is how loose the moving parts have become. At first it was a bit difficult to turn the loop to the position I wanted, but after a few weeks of use it became so loose that it has now has very little stability. When I want to use it as a stand I can only prop my phone in landscape. Even that is difficulty because the swiveling center piece has become so loose on the adhesive base that the loop slides out of position too easily. The pin holding the loop has lost some stability as well, preventing me from ever again standing my phone in portrait position.
10' quit after about a month
It works perfectly to hold the GPS. However, the phone with a front-cover case does not work,without taking the phone out of the case (which I don't want to do more than I have to because putting it back together will wreck it quickly). I wish it worked for both.
Doesn't look as nice with black phone...the black shoes through.
Easy to use, but VERY slow to charge.
Used cases from this company before usually good but this time around after 2 months of use sides are coming apart.
This is okay. It does protect the fitbit, but because the material is somewhat soft, it does get easily scratched and I don't think it will last long on the fitbit (maybe a couple of months before it gets too scratched to look nice). It's also a bit bulky. It's like having a case on your iphone. Good protection, but it obviously adds to its size. I still have it on mine, but I'm expecting that once I use both of these, I won't buy again.
Kinda flimsy. I kept it but probably won't use it much.
I've bought about 4 of these. The sound is great but my daughter used these and if there was any drop or pull on the plug end it would break the wires inside. Sometimes one drop and they were done. So not durable on the plug end at all.
Fits tight as it should but the back side scratches very easily just from putting in the pocket or in and out of my purse.
The soft case is too big and it's loose at the top and bottom when you snap on the hard piece. I use it daily and it's rugged.
Turns yellow quick. I only had the case for 2-3 months
I loved the watch band however after having it for a few months I noticed that the color started to change to yellow.
Got this because both my girlfriend and I have the s9, they seem to be thick enough and good basic quality but one sucked great and the other was garbage to stay on the screen so tested the strength and it looks like it should hold up. Fix the glue y'all use.
So far so good. Still works but has acted a little funny the last couple weeks. Only had it for about 2 months. We'll see. Doesn't charge must faster than my other charger.
worn out and faded very fast. Didn't fit alot inside.
Used these for my BMW X3 fixed my problems for sure
I was a little disappointed with this case. I had high hopes, however, with the case on the phone my calls sounded muffled.
it is very big, sticks out my ear very much too noticeable
Material doesn't look strong and yes it looks very clear as of now. I'm in hunt for a new one.
The black plastic eventually has its color wear away and reveals white underneath. Not a huge deal but kind of annoying.
I bought this case in June and the top left corner has cracked and broken already. Didn't even least 6 months. Rose color is wearing off also.
it doesnt lock with my laptop but it does work good
Just received today. For the price, it's a decent screen protector, but d not rely on it too heavily to provide the privacy it advertises. The side view of the screen is dimmed rather than black. I have seen people's phone's where it looks like the screen is black even with me standing right next to them. I might ask which privacy screen protector they are using because I know this one isn't it. Might return and use the money towards a better quality screen protector.
When I plug it into my iPhone I keep saying this accessory is not supported
Has to be plugged in to put your phone in it. Hubbies phone works ok, mine doesn't charge well if I'm using it for anything like directions
Setup was super easy, tech support was fast. I used the Sim card in both USA and Canada from East coast to West, signals goes in and out, which is normal, but in major cities like Vancouver ,San Francisco, and LA city centers I often did not have data connection at all, which was very frustrating while traveling. Not sure if it is caused by T-mobile's network or this Sim card.
Suction fails routinely
Phone constantly slides down while in holder.
The gold trim is removable for some reason and within two weeks of having it, the bottom fell off somewhere and lost. I looked down and the trim was missing. The trim is needed as it covers the edge of the screen. Its a shame because the cover looks nice and it's comfortable.
Easy installation, but also breaks easily, mine broke within a week after I dropped it on my laptop from a few inches up.
Nice band for what you get but the rose gold does not match Apple Watch face.
Had an issue where I couldn't adjust angle of camera e-mailed company never got a response had to change mounting position t lower plate to make it work. Not happy about no response or no phone number to call
Product itself is accurate, which is the most important thing when buying a launch monitor. My device will not connect to the app for the phone. I have tried to reach out to the company with no response. The product is Korean I believe, so you are taken to a Korean website. Very frustrating. I would love to be able to save my numbers, see the spin, and utilize the other benefits of the app. All in all, I would probably pay 200 for the device, not 500.
This is a cell phone case that feels great in the hand. However, two important things to notice, it sits pretty tight on the phone, but feels wide (maybe the extra cushion). The second thing is that the case is not as pink as the picture makes it appear to be. I was expecting a soft pink but it is more like a dull pink, however my wife was still satisfied of the case and it's the hard plastic not the soft rubber band like material. Feels like the plastic they use to protect toys that are impossible to open lol. Also already protected the phone from 4 drops by my toddler.
Screen protector works, but does not fit on with the case i have.
Everything arrived on time. However, what I received wasn't exactly as described. I mainly bought this for the gel covers with ear hooks and those work perfectly. However, the other gel covers without the ear hooks don't fit Samsung earbuds. Based on the look, I believe that they most likely fit the Apple earbuds. So while I did get what I mainly wanted, it would've been nice to also get the proper extra gels since that is the description of what I bought.
Could not save my phone
They didn't fit the shape of my sons ears. Returned. Thank you!
This case was about just a bit too small for the Ipad. I am returning it and am trying a different brand.
Not a very snug fit. I like it when I get a glimpse of it in mirrors or photos but because its a loose fit, it will be replaced when something better comes along.
I find this case to be mostly aesthetically pleasing though not my favorite. It fits well and will provide the type of slim case protection I am looking for. I do find as others have that it is a bit slippery to hold, and also takes finger prints easily which is unattractive but what can you do. I will not seek out a better option as options for this phone are few.
Very nice looking but much like the other reviews, I dropped my phone while in this case and it cracked. Still using it, and case has held up.
Bought for a Samsung Galaxy Tab E 32G. The cutouts do not line up properly for the Samsung logo and eye at the top and the push button on the bottom. If you line up one the other does not fit. Also was difficult to place and seal out the air bubbles.
I'm changing my review of this case from a one start to three stars, after trying it out for awhile. I like the protection that it provides, but the con for me is the opening for the charger. The case had a protective tab that I ended up cutting off as it got in the way. Also, I can't plug this into an iPhone charging stand because the case edge is too deep and the charging piece from the stand is not long enough to reach up into the phone.
Now i had almost no problems with this earphones BESIDES false advertising. They said “waterproof” but when i took it in the shower it started acting funky. The light always turned blue and never turned off, after a month or two, i took another shower with these and they completely went haywire. Dont buy for the “waterproof” aspect, it is sweatproof and i had a good use of em.
Correct replacement part. No instructions. Be prepared to supply your own tools. The Torx driver for the screws is adequate, but the prying tools are uselessly fragile and too thick to fit into the crevices. The supplied glass screen protector is mediocre, but functional. I have no evidence and this is completely subjective, but this screen doesnt seem to have the clarity and color vibrance of the original, despite having the same pixel per inch(PPI) count(verified with a hardware ID app). Note: A common issue with the Moto G4, is 'phantom touches' - when plugged in to charge, many users' phones experience rapid, spontaneous app launching, screen swiping, keyboard activation, etc. that overrides user input and requires the phone to be unplugged and the screen locked with the power button and sometimes a forced reboot, to regain control. I never had that problem, until I replaced the screen with this one. Now, it occurs frequently, making my phone somewhat unreliable when charging; Ive had a couple incidents, where I was unable to answer a call, because when I touched the screen, it began phantom touching. Im assuming that the issue must be with a partical OEM manufacturer, which would explain why it only happens to some phones and shy it only happened to me, after installation of this screen(have had my phone for about 18 months). Overall, good price to rescue an inexpensive phone. If your screen has failed, this will solve your problem.
Took forever to get to me, but for the price you can't beat it.
Ordered 2 cables. One lasted about 2 weeks. A week into the second one. We'll see how this one goes.
It has some issues when you try to talk on phone with ear phones. It has so much static you can't hear on them. That was my perp pose in getting it.
Like the case just a little wide in my opinion but love the kickstand.
We really like the cables and the lengths. The only downfall is the 10 foot cable doesn't work. I don't want to send all of them back. The remaining cables are in use. If all of them would work it would be a 5 star.
Good idea. Clamp isn't strong enough to hold onto a shelf.
Credit card holder is great. Durability is an issue. The top hard case near the camera cracked with less than a 2 ft. drop
I like the case ok,but it is supposed to be rose gold and to me it literally looks peachy,orange not rose gold 😕
The clear screen cover scratched up within the first couple of months using this case. Also screen cover is NOT smudge-proof & fingerprint-proof. The case was durable for the whole time I used it, just disappointed about the clear screen cover.
Was not easy to install, half of the screws needed to put it together wasn't even there. Had to go buy my own to put together, I probably won't buy this again.
I use this in the car or when traveling. A nice product when it's inportant you are aware of your surroundings. However, it recently fell apart. I did use the ear bud while running and I'm guessing that my sweat played a factor but the ear no longer holds a charge. Simple, small and discreet but needs to be more durable.
Only gets 3 stars since its not very good. The main things about this item i love is the strap. It is excellent when holding the phone and does stick pretty well to back of of my large otterbox defender case. The problems are that the magnetic back is extremely weak so if your phone and case is big and heavy then dont expect it to stick whatsoever to anything magnetic. Feels like only tiny baby phones will with little to no weight will make use of the magnetic mount. The kick stand is also kinda meh not able to support the weight of lage phones and cases either other then in one specific position in landscape mode otherwise it just falls over. It feels very cheap like it will break apart on you soon. Other than that the only thing that is exceptional is the adhesive that holds it to the phone and the strap but that is the only good thing about it. The kickstand ring and magnetic mount are trash when paired with big phones and cases as i have a galaxy note 10+ paired with a otterbox defender case but even then it was still trash when i used a smaller case so may or may not work for some with large phones. Would only recommend soley for the strap. Would be nice if it was higher quality and made from metal with a swivel ring etc but oh well.
The wall charger is very loose and won't stay plugged in. Everything else was excellent!!
the cords broke almost as fast as i purchased them. the charging power is standard and the length is as advertised but the durability was horrible.
Works ok. Doesn't want to charge with some phone cases.
Battery needed replaced. Phone was as advertised shape. Great shipping
It seems like a perfectly good pen but the the LED flashlight, the main reason I bought it, is not nearly as bright as I thought it would be so not sure how useful it wlll be. Time will tell.
no instructions on how to adhere magnets. what is the sticker thing for?
Eh. It's okay. Got this for my hubby and he uses it. I wouldn't buy it again. The front flap where the crease goes all the way down is wearing out fast. It looks like he's had it a lot longer than he has.
I guess I wasn't sure when I bought this was looking for ones that would fit my LG K30 cell phone, does not, was not impressed. My son in law has a phone they might fit so I will save them for him.
I put the first protector on my phone and installed the otterbox around it and it immediately popped out only on the bottom and then cracked. Second one was applied and fit perfectly. Now I have only the one when I was anticipating two. Not very pleased with this at all. And just so we are clear, it was not dropped.
Beautiful. Was easy to adjust. Wore and got compliments, but clasp is super flimsy and it fell off my wrist a few times
Works well but is very heavy and bulky
Overall I'd say this is a good screen protector, I'm happy with the amount of coverage to the screen, very easy to install with easy to follow instructions and all the necessary equipment provided for a good installation. The only thing that I find odd, is that for some reason it seems like this screen protector attracts a lot of dust/particles to it once it's installed, within a matter of seconds after installing all of sudden I noticed a lot of particles had accumulated on it, and ever since then it's been a constant problem. I've had this problem in the past with other screen protectors but not to the extreme as I am having with this one, so much that I'm considering taking it off and buying a different one.
It doesn't pick up anything. All it picks up is wheather. All I need it to do is pick up police.
After two weeks of applying to phone it started to peel off.
Great sound, but will not stay in ears
Solid, but the plastic front cover makes for too much glare to use in day time light.
It is a 1080p front camera and 480p rear camera, it's doesn't come with SD card, it doesn't come with USB cable as additional accessory is case there is a need to use it. In the long run the camera is $100+. Just bought one that's 1080p front and rear plus it already had SD card and few more accessories.
they fit alright. did the job i needed them to do. which was fit front speakers for my jeep.
Difficult installing
I gifted these and they like but the grip on the vents are loosening
THE POSITIVE It looks very nice and clean compared with a lot of organizers where you see wires everywhere. It came in pristine condition. The price is also right. You get where you see here - a very nice looking organizer. THE NEGATIVE Unfortunately I am going to have to send this back. First, the slots are a little too narrow for electronics. If you do not have a case you'll be fine. If you have a slim case you'll also be fine. But my ipad with a folding case did not fit on it well. (I do not have the apple one but one that is slightly thicker). I can barely get it in, but forget about keeping it open in any way. The biggest issue are how the cords are placed themselves. You would think that there would be a back slot where the cords can go in and then they can come out the slide slot. No. You have to bring the cords in the slide slot so you see them go in. Then when they come out, they can either come out the other slide slot (why did I ever put it in the side slot to begin with?) or they can come up from one of the first slots on top, which mean that you not only see the cord going in on the side, but then you see a cord coming out in front of your electronic devices and going back to the side of the device in one of the slots behind it. It just doesn't make sense. CONCLUSION In short, it probably is the best $19.99 organizer on the market, but don't get it if you don't want to see cords tangling around the device or if you have a thick case.
the head part for the top came unattached. it shows it connected in the picture but when i got it, the head piece's cord to the body piece was loose. kinda sucked because if i ser the top piece down somewhere when changing pods, it would take me an extra 10 minutes to find the dang thing, eventually lost the piece completely and gave up on the whole case.
Looked really good at first then got really dingy. I couldn't clean off the scuff marks.
Prior to the screw loosening I loved this product! It was an amazing stand to watch videos on my phone and the ring was great for calling and texting. I used it every day for 6 months. The pin gradually came out of the hinge and now it doesn't function as it should. For the price, though, it is good quality!
This wasn't that expensive but regardless it's only been a week since I've owned it, I haven't pulled or dropped it for it too already be falling apart. The strap that hold the case together is already coming off the seams and it's going to start looking dirty and worn out. Literally only been a week.
Great product. But, the weight of the phone caused the "kickstand" to break the first time I used it.
This case fit well, was easy to put on, and had a good slim profile. However, I stopped using it after 3 days. The ring was hard to pull out and it did not work as a kickstand, my phone would just fall right over. When I held it on my finger the stand would move around - I was expecting it to be more stiff. It also didn't seem very sturdy - I was scared of dropping my phone.
I originally got a $40 glass from the phone store to save time. The next day it had a crack and was too thin. I bought this one for the price and because it looked similar to one I had before. The glass its self is sturdy enough. Install was easy except one corner has not fully adhered. There is an arc that starts at the return arrow and arcs up to the middle of the long side of my phone that looks like a giant air bubble. I re instead the same glass 3 times to make sure it was not air I have used smoothing tools ect. It sits on the glass and is not lose it seems to still protect so I am leaving for now, I may try the second piece of glass if it bothers me enough. Their is a tiny less then a milliliter of space on one side when you line it up with the speaker if you dont have a case on it might be an issue. For the price I am ok with this product. It has held up longer then my more expensive one
Liked the grain and cover. Would probably recommend to a friend.
Seems like decent screen protector for the price but does not fit on phone with Spigen Tough Armor case
After a few months it fell a part..
Decent Apple Watch series 3 case. Although it protects the watch, the cover of the case is hard to put on. Watching the videos on the product page and I think there is a video in one of the review comments that helps with installing the case. Also, when washing my hands, water gets underneath the cover of the case and I have to remove the cover of the case every time to wipe it down and get it dry. Before anyone asks, yes I did install it correctly and there are no gaps on any side of the watch. I just wish it was more secure and more water resistant.
The product was good itself, but didn't fit tab a 10.1 samsung tablet or Viking pro 10.1
You get what you pay for
I have a few issues with these. The first screen went on well and very easy but the glass cracked very easy. I had the phone in my pocket with my keys and it caused the crack. The second screen never went on right the corner has been slightly lifted since install and annoys me to no end. Expensive for a product with suck low quality glass.
My husband liked this case a lot, the only flaw with it is it's coming apart or broken.
Not a bad case, but the material used on the back cover is the kind that shows fingerprints like crazy! If you care about style, I wouldn't recommended it because it always looks like you've been handling it with dirty fingers. I've tried 3 other cases so far for my OnePLus 7 Pro, and am still looking for a nice thin semi-rugged case I really like at this point.
This case is fine. I think it offers a fair amount of protection... but it fits a touch loose and is not all that exciting to look at. Its rubber, so not as shiny as these photos may lead you to believe. Because it is a silicone or rubber material, it does not slide in and out of your pocket as well as a plastic case... Again... there is nothing really wrong with it... its just not amazing.
It's pretty, but after using it for a few weeks it's already getting messed up and I haven't even dropped it.
Wish I could give it a 5 but 2 days after I got it the chain broke super sad it's really cute and I got so many compliments
Good case for the price. Cover comes open easily, cheaply made and good for a quick run to the store or the park.
Loved it & works great, but the picture shows what it looks like after having it on my phone for 2 1/2 months.
Length is fine but they don't charge as well as original cable and I am using an Apple transformer.
If I had a young teen who wanted a smartwatch this is what I would get them. It's simple cheap and does what it says it does. It's nothing overly incredible but it's not horrible. The Application that needs to be installed and syncs with the watch is okay. I had to buy a third party app that allowed me to do a lot more with the watch then the actually application itself did. Overall workout tracking was nice but limited. It has a really cool GPS tracking feature but to use it takes a few minutes to get the GPS coordinates. I wouldn't rely on the heartbeat monitor. The watch gave notifications on specific applications. With the third party application I could control my music, call certain people, be notified for applications, open specific applications. This all had to be done by the number of times I clicked the only button. So 2 clicks could call 1 friend, 3 clicks could open my SMS app, 4 clicks could open my music, 5 clicks could change the song. This wasn't bad but it's a lot to try and remember for a smart watch. The battery life was great though, I charged it fully once and used it for about 4 days and it only got to about 75%. The image on the screen wasn't incredibly sharp. It reminded me of a phone pre-smart phone era, if that makes sense. I only returned this watch because it didn't have as much functionality as I wanted. It was incredibly comfortable though.
Fits my need only negative is the camera lag. Disappointing when you want to capture the moment
It serves it's purpose as a caring device for my phone
Not bad for what I paid, but it doesnt seem to stay connected well. Not the magnet part, that works great, but the delivering power part. Makes the device beep and disconnect and reconnect charging even when not being bothered. Would have gotten a repeat of another brand but it was unavailable.
Not very to install it, end up broke it when installing
Usually amFilm is my go-to for screen protectors, been buying them for years. However, these LG G7 ones have slipped and even fallen off after even a short fall (like from the couch to the floor). Only the thin black frame is sticky, so there's really not much holding it on. I don't drop my phone often, but still... I need something that adheres to the entire screen, not just the edges.
This product does not seem to charge the phone very fast.
I just recently used this and so far everything works. Not sure how long would hold up but looking good. I love the backlights, and the color. And charges pretty quick.
This case fit perfectly and is pretty durable. My only complaint is that the piece with the flower design on the back is already starting to lift up after only a couple of weeks. I think it is from the wear and tear of putting it in my pocket, but was still hoping it would have held up a little bit longer. Update: My auxillary cord and some headphone cannot plug into the phone through the case because the opening is too small, so I'm disappointed in that, FYI.
Lasted for about 6 months and then all hold it had on the ring part completely gave out... it's useless now as it doesn't work as a stand and will just fall down ... also the spin part didn't hold either. I ended up ripping it off my case and throwing away.
Product made Samsung Galaxy s7edge hard to hold, and it would slip through my fingers.
All aspects of the screen work and it has good resolution. However the one I received had the digitizer slightly separating from the lcd a bit on the left side.
I got a lemon. 3-4 months and 2 ruined batteries before I realized it was a defective phone. Still trying to get new replacement.
Glass screen protector not correct for Samsung Galaxy Halo. Glass covers camera lens and is also very slightly too long, causing end not to seal properly. The case is fine and fits properly.
It's nice but not to sturdy...it seems easy to break..
I love how it feels and totally confident that it will protect my phone, but it due to the added protection, it doesn't sit properly on an iPhone charging station in order to charge my phone. I'll save this as a back up.
while it looks nice, it doesn't quite line up the way it's supposed to making it difficult to access the ipad features.
The dash cam hides behind the rear view mirror and that is the only thing I like. The user manual is terrible. I can read both English and Chinese but neither of them make sense. I also cannot download files with my iPhone although files are there. This is recording at night:
Very nice. Far more comfortable than the thick rubber strap that comes with the Apple Watch. Very soft rubber, and all the holes means it's very adjustable. Fantastic value.
It's pretty good it has lasted me for the last 3 months and it's still going strong
Was not satisfied with this case at all - which is why I returned it. This is one of those cases that has the button tabs that are almost impossible to press. Everything else seemed ok, but the buttons... I need something simple to press, not something I have to put effort into pressing.
Took a long to get it even when using amazon prime! Loved the bling of the case but the stones fell out fast!
2/3 went bad after two months.
Awesome case, but it does NOT leave enough room for a tempered glass screen protector. It is barely too invasive, lifting up the screen protector making it so that the phone doesn't register touches towards the corners of the screen.
May have bought the wrong case for phone. Just a little too tight and hard to get phone out. Bought it for husband for Christmas. But he doesn't use it much.
I have been using it a while and just took it off to change cases. It has a crack on the back from when it was dropped. I will say I have dropped it quite a bit so if thats all thats wrong Im ok considering what it would look like without it.
went through two units, gave up after the second one failed.
The sender was great and the package arrived in a timely manner. It works well
this does not fit on the iPhone. although I am disappointed with the item ... their customer service is wonderful and rectify the issue right away .
When I tried to use this sim card in my Version phone it said need a verizon sim card. Upon reading more info it states the phones need to be rooted. It would have been nice to have that info up front. But it works well on a rooted phone.
This one was purchased to replace one that lasted over a year. This one wouldn't stay stuck to the phone case. I had to and additional adhesive for it to stick. Very disappointed.
Works but fell apart after a week of use
The box came with a broken corner idk if it happened during shipping but this sucks Im going to try and fix it myself. The box has a nice fit in my 2001 jeep wrangler
Phone already has some cracks coming through even though I have not dropped it but stays on well.
This case is pretty wimpy, but the trade-off is being light and takes little space in my bag of pocket. I don't know how protective it is, so I'll avoid hanging out of high windows or ledges to take pictures. Probably.
I keep tring to return item and the website want let me why?
Worked as expected. Not as fast as the original, but worth the price. I'd buy this again if needed.
I got bubbles in the first one in certain spots that would not disappear. I attempted to install the second one but I ruined it. I went back to the first one and washed it with soap and water and it worked. I had to dry the sticky side with my fingers and hope I didn't get dust on it. The sides were almost perfect but it has parts that aren't stuck properly. If you try and push down on the sides with your nail, it will only make the edges worse by bending it. Leave it alone. Also it has shade which lowers screen brightness which is why I may just swap it for another brand. It works, but barely practical.
It's a cute phone case but it kinda looks cheap. But, you get what you pay for also. Not a case I would buy for good phone protection.
Looks and feels nice. A little hard to open at first but screen protector scratches so easy
It definitely worked and came with good tools. But some some pieces were located at the wrong place so I had to kinda play with it and move/twisted the pieces to the right place. And the home button works very well which I'm happy about.
The tripod legs are flimsy and do not hold the weight of a camera or phone - the entire unit falls over when fully extended. They also cannot be adjusted to accommodate uneven surfaces.
it was to thick for me to use my Galaxy note 8
I bought 2. The first one cracked and so did the second one. I will deal with It. The edges may be to easy to crack.
I bought this as a wallet for my phone and money. It is a little too bulky for my need. I usually just carry them alone. Keep the wallet alone and my phone on me. It does come with a case for just the phone and has magnets for the phone to attach to the wallet. That I love.
Makes it hard to use the touchscreen. I automatically took it off and I wouldn't buy it again.
Great in theory but not easy to put on nor do they stay on.
Makes screen hard to navigate.
This is a good product for charging electronics, but when I went to plug my phone in, the plug would reach the receptacle of the phone! I have a phone cover(protector) and the crimp holder on the plug is so big it won't allow the plug to reach th receptacle. It works fine if I take my cover off, (which is a pain!) and leave my phone unprotected. It's not flat but round and prevents the plug from extending into the phone. Other than that, it does a great job and cuts down on using multiple chords for charging.
I ordered a case like this for my phone and I love it BUT I ordered this case for my mom (who was jealous of mine) and her case didn't have all the magnets that my case has. When it is flipped open the cover does not stay put - on mine it does.
This is a super sturdy case that also looks great. Unfortunately the button covers are clumsy and make the phone hard to operate. The power button cover is especially hard to operate and most of the time I have to spend far too much time focusing. A touch won't do. I would buy it again, because it's very sturdy and the price is right. But it could be better.
It is a pretty good phone case, however, a corner already broke off. Guess its not too durable.
Dimensions are listed and accurate. Product does not extend very far at all.
It started to come apart at the seams after about a month of using it a few times per week at the gym.
The case fits perfectly, as described, but it makes the phone bulkier than I anticipated (or wanted) after having used the phone for several weeks without a case. Since I just received the case today, I cannot speak to its long-term durability. Also, the screen protector that was provided is too small. It may be designed that way so as not to peel up when the case it put on, but as it is there is roughly 1 mm on every side from the case to the screen protector, which can be clearly seen when the screen is on. I'd much rather have a screen protector that protects the entire screen, so overall this is an "OK" purchase.
according to the description, the product is completely renewed, but the received cell phone has a horrible detail in the fingerprint reader and the charger is of very poor quality, it is better to buy a cell phone remanufactured by Samsung
Battery barely lasts a day
Doesn't quite fit an iPhone 8. The silent switch was right up against the case and couldn't be moved.
I was happy I received it on time but, I had to get the battery replaced the next day. It wouldn't hold a charge at all.
I loved the case at first. Until the bottom piece broke within the first week.
I was really excited to get this camera until I discovered the non-helpful instructions. I inserted a 32 gig nano chip and after only a couple of hours, it gets full and I can't use the camera anymore. This isn't helpful for someone who drives long distances and can't always stop to empty the memory card.
So Ive been using these for about a week now And they sound pretty ok considering how cheap these are. Tho the left earbud likes to disconnect from the right One quite frequently, so ive opted to just use the right one most of the time. And the left bud seems to have a harder time connecting to the case as i have to jiggle it a bit for it to charge. So pros -they sound pretty ok -battery life seems to hold well ( i usually use em on the bus and theyve never shut off on me) (battery on the case last very long bec i never use the left bud) -these are very good for the price Cons -media controls needs to be better (do we really need a dedicated voice assistant gesture, i suggest having each earbud be able to do all the gestures.) - left earbud isnt very cooperative (tho this could be just my pair but im pointing it out anyways ) -i feel like the charging case could break in half in my pocket (its made with fairly cheap feeling. Plastic)
The screen is good and all I like the texture but the problem here is the side of the screen they don't stay down I thought I was placing it wrong but no it was just the screen protector.
The case looks great but it's a little bit heavy for me. You definitely will have to wear a belt.
I liked the idea of the bracelet usb cable but the threads did not stay on the product. The cable is a little short as well
As a musician that uses the Vic Firth noise cancellation headphones, this case can be a minor nuisance. The case itself surrounds the audio jack in such a way that it requires me to remove it to plug in my headphones. After a few times (5-6 times), the phone case cracked in multiple places. An entire year of moderate use, zero drops and day-to-day friction would've contributed to this breaking point. For the price you pay, it's fair.
I like the look of this case. Adds some slight bulk to your phone. My biggest gripe is that the rubber interior that goes around the edges is pretty flimsy and soft. It peels away from your phone very easily, allowing dust and debris to easily find it's way under the edge all the way around. The part that is covered with the hard shell is okay, but the exposed rubber edges along the top and bottom, and over the buttons is way too soft. If it were more rigid and sturdy it would be a great case.
Sleek and cool case. I receive compliments about it a lot. I like the case except for the black paint chipping off of the item. In the future it will buy the plain unpainted brown case
This case is cute. The TPU is good but the plastic outside part breaks easily. Mine did not last long.
It looks nice but doesn't hold up very well, a section of the black part of the case is already chipped.
Cheaps plans are very enticing however you can miss on important calls and be without internet when most needed. I used AT&T version and had kept loosing internet in downtown areas.
Don't use much because slips on my arm while working out
Got this today and already hooked it up on the bike. I used the connection that I had for my battery tender and used the supplied cord as an extension. The volt meter is a neat add on. Its only 3 stars cause of the mounting option, there isn't one. Some sort of handle bar bracket of zip tie adapters or even a supplied Velcro would be better. Also the unit itself should have a cover or a boot to put over the connection when not being used like the USB side. Other than that so far so good. Time will tell if it was worth it. Hopefully it doesn't go out like others have said.
My worst buy ever on Amazon. Regret. Rubbish.
Was a little disappointed as the photo showed it looking Silver/Black but is actually bright yellow/Black. The quality is good, I'm still using it and have no issues about a month later.
The magnetic hold is powerful but the holder made heavy scratches in the car's a/c vent after using it for about a few days and it does not hold the vent strong enough.. I used this in my 2016 Honda CRV.
The fact that it will do transmit and receive seems to be a unique feature. As others have remarked, the font of the instruction manual is very small (be prepared to use magnification to read). There are voice prompts for connecting - but the person is not a native language speaker so listen carefully. There is an automatic timeout/shutoff when inactive for a prolonged period - even when plugged in - which I did not like.
It's great to have cords of different lengths, outlets are rarely convienent. For this reason these cords are great! The reason I am not giving them 5 stars is because of the larger plastic sleeve at the Lightning charger end, it is thicker and some of my covers (phone, tablet) doesn't allow for the space needed, so it can't click in. I'm not sure why they can't make them the same as the cords that come with your phone/tablet, so be aware you might have to replace your covers or modify them some how.
Great battery life. Ease of use. Altimeter was off by a couple hundred feet from official posted altitudes but otherwise a great, comfortable watch for working out.
Was a little disappointed in it. But it does the job
So far I'm very much enjoying these headphones! They're my first bluetooth headphones, and I'm always surprised how well the device switching works, even though it's sometimes a bit of a hassle. These are pretty comfy when on my head and also fit nicely around my neck when not in use. EDIT: Physically fell apart after less than a year. Now that I've replaced them, I realize that the autoplay (how it senses when you put them on your head) was actually really annoying.
These have a slight annoying hum in the headphones. It's probably not bad for music, but we mainly are listening to audiobooks, videos & podcasts, so they will be going back.
I like it somewhat. I don't like how it doesn't connect in the back. It's like some space missing where they suppose to connect together
They are really nice headphones that I was using for call center work. But they can't handle bass in music.
After very limited use, the clip breaks on these. This was not used in a rugged manner but the belt clip just doesn't seem to last long.
I really liked the old Smiphee Due to the hardcover that I could adhere A magnet to for my car anker holder. The problem with the old one is that you could lose the clip on top, however, that never happened to me. This cover has a soft top that you can't lose, however, it often pops off when I play out of my pocket.
I loved the case until I dropped it and the whole thing broke
This is a good cover for my note 8 but has larger overlaps on the rounded corners / edges of the phone which may be good for protection but ended up pushing off edges of my pre-existing screen protector, which ended up cracking in my pocket.
Seems to slow my charging
The screen protector that came with mine was way to slim for my phone. It extends my battery for a little longer then it did without this product. Sometimes it seems like it runs out quicker.
I purchased this because it was a Samsung product & did not want to risk using something else. This charger is very heavy, bigger than my Note8 and does not last very long. Fully charged, it will charge a near dead phone quickly but it also sucks the life out of the charger so it cannot be used more than once.
At first it was nice, then it started to tarnish
This is a good product but there is no spool to roll it off of. Make it a lot more difficult to work with. I would not buy again for this reason.
To whom it may concern, so far I like the watch. My only concern is when I charge the watch on the main screen it shows battery full. But when I swipe up and it shows the battery icon privacy and brightness. Battery always indicates one bar meaning very low. Can someone explain that to me? Regards
It was super cute, but the top piece broke pretty quickly, rendering the whole thing useless.
It was a very pretty case at first. My daughter dropped my phone and the glitter started to chip off. Now, the whole back is an ugly white color. I would not buy it again.
Did not last long could be a tighter fix other than that OK would buy again.
I ordered this in March of 2018, it lasted me 8 months before it burned up and broke on me. I went to charge the case and the charging port had the smell of burnt metal and wouldn't work anymore.
I do like the look and the feel of this case but unfortunately the case is too thick for the phone to be charged wireless. Unless you take the case off. I have 3 different wireless chargers. 2 at home and one in my car and they all won't charge my phone with the case on.
I bought this bracelet after being in a situation where I needed to charge my phone and no way to do so. I actually had the idea of a wearable usb cable, came on amazon, and found all the wearable cables already offered. I picked up this one due to the reviews and the looks. I think its important to note that all the people leaving bad reviews because of the "speed" of this cable, are wrong. This is a standard usb cable. Your data transfer rates, and charging speed, all depend on what your plugging the cable into. Leaving a negative review because of this is foolish. With this said, if your planning on using this to charge, you may want to carry around one of those little usb plugs in your pocket, but if you do that.. whats the point of the bracelet really? Be ok with the fact that it may take 8 hours to fully charge your phone in the car, or carry a plug. I'm leaving a 3 star review based on a few different things. I do like the cable, and it has actually helped me a few times to transfer files when i didnt feel like finding a usb cable. My biggest issue with the cable would be the fact that it does pop off. I have small wrists (im 190 lbs and 6 feet tall). The first time the cable popped off, i was taking out the trash. I felt it come off, and found it easily. No worries. Second time it popped off was at a concert. I didnt feel it, and someone found it and returned it. I would of lost it there if that person didnt happen to see it. There should be some sort of clasp or magnet or something to keep it attatched in my opinion. The product description says its waterproof, and it is. Ive tested it by taking it into the shower daily, and then used the cable to charge my phone. The cable holds moisture for a long while. What i mean by this, is if you take a shower at 8am, and try to use the cable at 10am, you'll get a "moisture detected" warning. I cant really fault the cable for doing this, as the page does recommend taking it off during the shower (after stating its waterproof). For me, this cable only works if i keep it on all the time. I'm the type of person that forgets things daily, and having it attatched to me or in my daily carry is the only option, so i tend to keep it on all the time. After about a month of use, the leather on the outside is starting to get somewhat frayed. Not a lot, but very small pieces on the side are coming up. I suspect i'll have another month or two so before it breaks down to the point where i wont use it. A very small point, the edges are a bit sharp. Especially the ones that rest on your wrist. Not a big deal for you, but if you snag someone else with em, you may give em a bit of a scrape. Hugging my son over the weekend, i ended up sliding my bracelet along his back and put a "cat scratch" mark on his back. Honestly it was a pretty nasty scratch, or i wouldnt bother to write it. Things to fix : A better locking system, maybe some magnets or a small latch. Round off the edges. Things to make this product sore : Figure out some way to make a foldable plug so people can get a "fast charge". Im not a scientist and im not an engineer but surely someone out there smarter than me can get this done.
be careful to the exact model which seller didn't mention . I ordered dual sim card phone but got single sim card one. it has been returned and get rapidly refund today.
Fits well but shows finger prints and makes the screen too dark.
It keeps on turning the mute button on such a hassle to have to open the case
I loved the style of the case but the magnet was not strong enough and the wrist band broke.
I like the material, however the clasp seems backwards. The lip on the end of the watch after it's closed tends to catch on things like sweaters. I also have long hair and it gets caught in it. Been wearing it for about 3 days now.
Make sure you test this and test it again before using. I tested it but didnt think to flip it over and used it and there was a tiny pin hole that must have been on the flip side and ended up having to buy a new phone. Works great though if its not damaged/defective. I bought 2 and one worked great
For what it cost it is great, Wish there was a way to actually to save more time loop, overall its a great deal
Kinda cheap construction...plastic outer-shell and easily smudge. There are better quality/sound options for the same price point.
A little bit uncomfortable after an hour of using, not bass, but works pretty well and battery life is good.
The rubber of the rim is very thick; that make button operation difficult.
It was a cute case with a matte finish. There were also two cases in the pack which was a pleasant surprise. This case DOES NOT last long at all. If you drop your phone once, that's it. The case will never reassemble properly after that and will keep coming apart.
The idea is great. I wish there was a better clamp though. And maybe a better arm because when its moved around a lot it breaks. its only lasted like a month and a half.
it's good enough for the use.
good except for the quality of the upper frequencies.
Reading the comments on here I don't understand why people are saying it's not grainy. It is and it's bothersome. Other than that, it's fine.
I gave this three stars because when I purchased it it was a nice clear color. Over time it got a little dark. Other than that I love it. Great protection, easy to put on and take off.
Kinda broke my face out, I think my skin is too sensitive
Large, clunky, uncomfortable but quality sound
Picture quality was not very clear. I have since replaced it with a better camera. Should not expect much at the price they ask for this camera. Not a bargain
These wraps fit both 20700 and 21700 batteries but the wrap is too thin. I just use two and put one over the other.
This was very easy to install thanks to the alignment tool, and the screen felt good once it was installed. That said, the dots in the glass were annoyingly visible some times and the adhesion along the edge was no good. It quickly collected sawdust and pocket lint, and allowed dog hairs to get under the screen. Eventually though I did drop my phone on the corner of a piece of metal and the protector shattered and protected my phone. For that reason only I am still giving it 3 stars.
Started chipping away at the edges after a month of use.
Not bad. The mic is less than ideal, but the real pain point is the BT audio itself. I can hear sounds from my phone, use Siri, and even talk on the phone, but the music application audio somehow doesn't play reliably. The fix is to kill the connection and reconnect it, but it's a bit annoying when my other audio plays and music will not when I'm trying to jump in the car and go. In the end, it wasn't a $200+ kit, so I got what I paid for.
Lovely to look at but definitely not scratch resistant! I've had it for a day and it already looks terrible! I'm very disappointed in the quality, I expected more from otterbox as far as durability. However it does seem to be a good protective case and does fit perfectly.
It came with a protective screen cover, but it was shattered in the shipping. The case was fine, though.
I brought this wireless Bluetooth headset to be used with my IPhone. What I do not like about the headset is that you need to pull both earplugs at the same time when using, just by pulling one of the earplugs the headset falls off or one side falls off and it will not retract fulling by pulling one of the ear pieces. Next the port that you use to charge the headset is hard to open. Lastly the design of the headset is ok except if you have long hair the cease closes to your neck will pull your hair, which is bothersome. But just as a Bluetooth headset is does what it is suppose to do, no complaints.
This product is an awesome product the only downfall is for the headphone jack to work it must be charging as well.
Nice looking case. It fits well on my phone. Not sure how well it will hold up. It's a little too slippery for me.
This worked for 3 months before it came off.
Okay didn't always work then died suddenly I tried to buy another one but same result
Not fast. Slower than a stock charger.
They both broke pretty quickly. But at least it wasn't my screen.
I like the charge but it is very heavy.
Had. to return. Didn't offer enough protection for the camera lens for my liking.
Pretty good. The only reason I have it 3 stars is because I've cane defective...
Still waiting on product. It's 4 days late. If it works then I'll add a star but for how late it is it won't get 5 stars. Don't get the product of you have somewhere to be and need it right away. Thank god my vacation is a few months away.
This thing works great. The only issue I have with it is it does not turn off without unplugging it then I have to re-pair my phone with it. If someone knows how to turn it off,let me know
One of the chargers broke at the tip as soon as we opened it. Don't have time to send back. Just taking the loss.
works fine, but not for exercising.
The quality of the "leather" is definitely not like the photo shows. It is obvious to me that this is not distressed "leather". The magnet on the latch is not strong and will not hold it shut. I will be returning this.
Where does it succeed? It fits great in my ear. Sound quality is excellent Feel fairly well built. The ear-hook doesn't fall off. Where does it fail? It doesn't support the A2DP profile (the profile that allows you to listen to other audio, like music, system sounds) It only has 1 button. No volume control nor a dedicated power switch.
I thought I ordered it for a IPhone.
The product is good but the plastic case the hold everything was smashed during shipping. Maybe because Amazon put it in a bubble pack bag to ship.
I will start this review by stating that I live in a very weak signal area no matter what device is used. This being said, I compared the S9+ to a Note 9 and a 50.00 LG. Very weak antenna compared to other phones! Tried 2 different 9+ both had same weak reception. I compared to Note 9 and a cheap LG - even the cheap LG had a stronger signal.
It's what I wanted but very big. Something you can't just hold in your hand without it getting heavy. Holds everything fine. The straps broke but everything else is still working.
Its cute, but cracked near the edges of the case. The hard shell of the case
Good product, but charges slower than chargers that are made specifically for your phone.
It ok for short term use
Was hesitant to buy these and wish I wouldn't have. When you can get them to pair together they work and work very well. Pairing is a struggle and it only seems to pair both when they are fully charged. The left one loses it charge twice as fast as the right. The charger doesn't work correctly either. One cord on the charger must not fit right into the ear piece bc it's hard to get it to stay charging when plugged in. But that's not what is causing the left side to lose charge quicker bc when I use one cord to charge both pieces the left still dies long before the right piece. The bigger size doesnt bother me bc i had ear hooks already but if running without ear hooks they will fall out. Using while lifting weights is good. I would be very hesitant to recommend bc of the difficulty in pairing and the issue with the battery life of the left one. Like I said when you can get them to pair together they're great and do what they're made to do. It's just difficult to do and with the other issues hard to tell someone else they should buy.
Works as expected. Slots are a little too close together though.
I purchased this because it's a beautiful design for a decent price. I've had it for 3 months now and the design is starting to peel off on the sides so I am disappointed.
The kickstand is fickle, though the ring makes one handed use comfortable. It does not protect the screen well, I recommend an additional screen protector as mine cracked. Admittedly it was a 4 foot fall onto tile floor.
Would like to know what is product no. for SIM card and what other items I need for this watch to have it function correctly. Thank you
Nice to get 2 batteries..but 1 didnt hold a charge. The company made good on it after reading my review which i still had recommended their product....now i have 2 great batteries and the convenience of a plug in the outlet charger..no more cords and adapters.
Suspect it is not an original Apple case due to lower quality materials and workmanship compared to the previous case bought directly from Apple authorized dealer.
Got this phone as a replacement phone but had issues: 1. It is not just me alone but most reviews state that when you restart the phone, what's app needs to be updated constantly, which when done still doesn't work either. 2. When you are getting a call, it should normally show who's calling, but it shows the wrong information. 3. I liked the color advertised, they sent a kinda light blue, which I don't want. I want the same one that is advertised in the pictures. Call quality is okay and so is most other operations. The makers don't seem to read or pay attention to the reviews. Anyhow, it is still a ok phone once it works. But I had to return this one until the seller or makers fix with an update or whatever is needed.
Overall great watch band. Taken into the fresh water and salt and it's held up well. I bought it in September and both the keepers broke so the the band is hanging. But I'll be buying another one can't beat the price.
Nice but the edges started to crumble in about a month.
Works ok, not the best reception but useable and screws in nicely
Comes undone from the watch face. Nice band, but I quit using because I worried about losing the watch face if it came unclipped.
Bought these to replace my Samsung buds and while they do look like those buds, they definitely don't perform like them. Volume sounds muffled and boxy. Like i said these are just OK
I wish it came a little more polished. The magnetic part came dinged. But still better than paying $50 for it at Best Buy
Ok product, but because it kinks easily-it doesn't last long. The kinks cause it to break internally.. lasted a few months.
Replaced my old dash cam with this one because it had pretty good reviews. Mounting is easy, doesn't shake with the magnetic mount and is easily hidden with its small footprint. Problem is it overheats very easy even after software update that supposedly was the fix. In my Ford Explorer, it stays on even after the ignition is off, which is a Ford thing. It only records in one minute loops, so stitching videos together is tedious.
This iPhone replacement screen is a bit different from other replacement screens. There is no small cylindrical frame to hold the camera nor small boxes for the sensors to fit into at the top, which made install a bit trickier compared with other replacement screens. Also my home button isn't working, though perhaps I damaged the ribbon cable on the screen while re-installing. I will replace again with a screen from a different seller.
This was a good case for about 5 months. I use the the flap a lot to put in my vent and worked great!! Now after 6 months the flap in the back of the phone will not snap back into place when it finally does its an pain in the butt.
The sound was clear unfortunately mine would not charge!😢 in the process of sending it back. Think i just got a bad one so hopefully this will be resolved soon
The case fits the iPhone 10 correctly, but the compartment is really small and really only holds two cards or so. Not really ideal. I wanted one that would hold a few more and be easier to open.
It would sound good for a 8 inch sub if it didn't have a rattle to it sounds like plastic or maybe just the sub itself.
I'm afraid of dropping it because it there ist much to protect the phone when it comes to this phone case.
I didn't realize when I bought the item that the back is not flat so it feels like there are “rocks” on the back of the case. Also the plastic around it is cheap so it broke right away. It is a cute case but just not very durable.
Cracked the 2nd day I had it. Didn't drop, just cracked in the case.
For having a back up solar option, this is great. However, for traveling....very very bulky and heavy in my hiking bag and does NOT clip on my bag very well :( However, it is durable and in an emergency or charging away from home...this will work quite nicely.
One broke after 2 weeks
The case has been good so far, however when I received the package the screen protector was already cracked so it was of no use. That was the main deciding factor when ordering this case. Very hard to take apart, but I guess that may be a good indicator that there is a very good seal.
The case seems decently made. I don't feel like the glass screen is big enough, I can see the lines down the sides and have to press hard on my screen and it's making noise to where it sounds like there are air bubbles (which there isn't). In the description it says the place to put the lanyard is on the top, mine is on the bottom? Zizo has contacted me and sending me a replacement screen protector. Very much appreciated, hopefully will not have the same issue.
Just received this charger and have used it for two days. It fit my iphone 8 nicely, was easy to insert the phone and the charging worked well. My issue with it is that there seems to be some type of oil embedded into the rubber and it's pretty slippery. Even with a firm grip it can slide down in your hand and it's hard to hold onto with a light grip. For a personal shopper .... I found it difficult to hold while picking orders. My other issue was that while the phone goes into the charger easily, it's harder to grip the phone and pull the charger off. Lastly, it offers little protection around the top section of the phone where it bends to allow insertion and removal of the phone. If you only use your phone around the house it would be ok to use but not for someone who carries a phone for work.
Not sturdy enough!! Not very protective for my phone...
Use but wont buy again
Got two iPhone cables and one was broken out of the box. The rest of the unit appears sturdy.
Case quality is a little lacking, cutouts still have rough edges. The card pocket is peeling off. The idea behind the case is good.
Didn't last more than 8 months. Will no longer attach to my car.
Nice case but a little flimsy.
Good speed but the casing as split open. They should have used stronger material.
It was alright but a little flimsy. I didn't feel as though it was strong enough on the corners,
Ok but not great. I bought this because I thought it would protect my phone and provide storage. But my phone still cracked after dropping it and the case later broke after I trying to remove my phone from it. Plus it make the phone bulkier. It was just ok and I had to purchase another one five months after getting this one.
Disappointing got it today and the embellishments falling off already...😑..hope it last awhile ...really pretty.
Fits my sofie, but it was extremely hard to install.
While the concept is good the quality not so much. When I got these I was hopping I would be able to eliminate more than three of ten chargers but the appear all the same, with two not working out of the package. The quality is not near that of the oem ones.
I like the case bc I can't lose my cards. But the case seems heavy. If I want to purchase anything with Google pay, Samsung pass, etc, I have to take the phone out if the case. I'm not doing that for every purchase. I did end up buying another case bc this one turned out to be too heavy.
I was pleased with the appearance and durability of the case. Price was reasonable. I had wanted something that would accommodate my drivers license and a credit card. It is great for that. However, I take a lot of photos and I found it awkward for taking photos,. It also makes it more difficult to slide into a back pocket.
Didn't fix the issue I thought I had with the phone. I have no idea if it did the job it was supposed to.
Phone went into loop mode a couple months after install. Don't know if this was the reason, but thought it should be mentioned.
Sound quality is adequate. However, the microphone is not very good. You have to hold the mic close to your mouth. If you let it hang naturally the person you are speaking to cannot hear you. As a bluetooth headset for listening to podcasts it is very good.
I really want to like this product but the lighter part is just not working correctly. And the solar charge is slower than the other average product. Work well just as a power bank alone
If you put your phone in and out of your pocket this will not work for you. The case ripped on the corners. Also, the screen protector broke with me just laying my phone down.
The look was great but only one ear bud would work so I was very disappointed but the return process was quick and easy I will probably give them another try in the near future!
Just received it and the case looks clean and fits my iPhone 8 fine. I ordered a "used" case but it looks unused to me. I work in the forest and will get it battle tested soon enough - and then come back with pics if I see issues. If you can order a used one, save the ten bucks and do it. I do wish it had a flap for the lightening port to keep debris out. I may rig something up for that myself.
They're not horrible but not super amazing either I feel like they're a little overpriced for what they are but I still use them I wish I would've got the mini version because unless you have a huge head it's gonna hang a lot in the back. But sounds great without being overbearing. I watch a lot of movies on my phone is definitely cool to have
My set is missing part of the ear piece. Please contact me.
The headphones sound great. The only thing that is questionable is that when the noise cancelling is on, there is a slight hiss from when it is working. This really isn't a major issues, but something to consider. There is a noticeable drop in outside noise, but it doesn't seem to block repetitive noise very well such as grey noise from a TV. Also, while fainter than without the NC on, I still can hear people's conversations around me. Overall not great, but good enough for the money.
It doesn't fit properly it covers up the fingerprint scanner
Doesn't work in F150 pickup cup holders. This is a great concept. If it worked. I wanted my phone in easy reach and not falling off of a windshield mount or messing up my AC vent. The ball & socket wouldn't tighten up enough but that was minor compared to a loose fit. I'm returning the item.
It's "ok", nothing wrong with this product, just not as functional as I was hoping. It just has room for the phone! of course a credit card or a couple $20 bills will still fit.. but not a wallet or a whistle :). The top locking part is not as fast and easy to handle with one hand. I think I prefer the type that seals by rolling up the opening.
I'm not happy, it's hard to get the phone and it does not have a good grip
Work well and looks good, but definitely doesn't allow enough current through. Need slightly larger wire gauge.
Got this as a temporary while my Moto X was in for warranty repair. It served the purpose of being able to call and text, but I wouldn't want to have it a s my regular phone. To unlock the screen, you have to hold an on screen button for 2-3 seconds, then put your unlock code. I had been taking the fingerprint reader on my Moto X for granted before this. Works OK on apps once you get into it. It was preloaded with Metro PCS apps and adverts but worked on ATT.
It works fine as a dashcam. However, overall picture quality is not very good, cannot tell plate 5m when you are driving. Video is over compressed.
I love the quality but my phone did not fit snugly in the case. New phone, I had to order a different type of case. Again, I loved the case! Yes, I ordered the right case!
I know a USB when I see one. However, this tiny thing Is not easy to use. You have to connect it into another USB to use. I feel dumb for ordering it.
I love the different colors and the value but I thought they were screen protectors, so I was disappointed when I received them to see that they did not have screen protectors. The picture was misleading
This product makes it difficult to charge the Fitbit. The connection is not secure and needs to be held in place to charge.
Only lasted 3 months then charging broke. Held charge fine but would rapidly toggle from charging to not charging. No bueno.
This case felt loose around the phone, so I ended up not using it. I kept it as a back up. The case itself is pretty.
Too thick, in my opinion. Bright blue charging light stays on at all times, so I put electrical tape over it for nightstand use before just replacing it
They either broke right away or stopped working after a few weeks. A few came in already broken.
As advertised, it was a used phone which made it hard to set-uo and even use. I have put it away and have written it off. I then went to a T-Mobile store and bought a Galaxy that lived up to my expectations.
Edges of the screen protector did not seal against a Samsung Galaxy S7.
While this adapter works it does not allow for charging of your iPhone nor does it allow you to control the music from the console you must use the iPhone itself causing a distraction while driving. I would not recommend this product.
For the price, it's a pretty good case. It protects the entire phone when all put together and if you use the screen protector. The stylus it came with is a really cheap plastic stylus. The other thing I don't like is the rubber material kind of stretches out and it's a little hard to slide the phone into the holster part.
This version is not good enough. The adhesion is too weak. Little disappointed ☹️
I loved this case... When it worked. Stopped working on me one morning after recharging it about a month ago. Now it's just a case until I'm able to replace it. Was great while it lasted though.
This is very slow and hard to use. It comes up with a message that the memory is low when I tried to find address. There are so many apps pre-installed that would not be of any use. Suction cap sticks only to glass and it makes it very difficult to watch the map in the afternoon due to sunlight. I would suggest to spend a little extra and go for something reliable.
Great price! Bought for my son for Backpack as Backup Battery For Phone
The charging station itself works pretty well but if you plan to put this on your nightstand to charge your devices, be prepared to cover up the LEDs. If I were to measure the brightness of these LEDs in number of suns, I would guess this charger is in the range of 247 suns.
Heard repair never work that well
The case works great. However the piece on the back that you use to stand up the phone while watching a movie or YouTube on the phone broke off the next day. He still uses the case that still protects the phone.
They worked great at the beginning but started to deteriorate within a few months. I cant really recommend them because I never really use them heavily and they still managed to break down. The threading is tight and the connector are good quality but they didn't last as long as my Apple cables. Not buying again.
after about six months the ionic would not receive a charge from this device. Kept coming up with insufficient power to charge. Worked ok with normal hook ups.
Issue with battery life, the sound is Excellent
This case is good if you work in construction. The port covers are great and help keep dust from getting in your phone. The plastic screen protector is an added bonus because you wouldn't want to touch your phone with dirty hands and possibly scratch it. That being said the screen protector takes away some of the screen quality. Out of all the bulky cases out there this has to be my favorite. The quality of the cases have definitely gotten better over the years. Side note. Big flaw in design, the hard plastic front clips onto the phone. This has caused a scratch on the stainless steel. Not a big deal to me, but be mindful.
Good case, fits snuggly. Color is better than in the pictures. The buttons are easy to press. The only issue I have is the cutout around the charging port is short and makes the phone hard to hang onto.
Keeps falling out of my ear when mowing the grass
The fingerprint reader wouldn't work at all. It also wouldn't recognize my finger when I tried to create a new fingerprint. There is a circle made into the glass for the fingerprint reader and it is very annoying when using the phone. Looks like a magnifying glass that you have to look around.
Power button not open enough in case.
First one broke first day. Second one fine but not properly aligned.
not really stable and one of the rubber parts fell off after 1 week
The screen wasn't working for me
Unfortunately this cable will not charge my iWatch Series 4 past 80%. I've tried a few different configurations (USB to outlet and USB to Desktop computer). It also heats up a lot when charging. My iWatch is hot when I take it off the charger.
Don't think this product will protect phone. Like color
These charge well, & for the price a good purchase. They break & tear quicker than Apple cords but still worth it for the price point. They last about 3-6 months
It's sturdy and colorful protects phone but you can not hear ring
Well I'm satisfied with the case considering the low price I paid. It fits my Moto G4 just fine, & the case is well made from a visual perspective. However the "soft" inner portion, which was supposed to be silicone is probably not. It's rather hard & does not have the feel of silicone at all. A lot of the shock absorbed by this type of case is due to the soft & resilient silicone inner body. Still the case fits well, it looks nice & it feels just fine to hold in my hand for an hour or two. It's fine! PS. The rear stand works nicely but has only one position.
You'll see scratches on this within a week or so. The band pulls arm hairs as it moves on your wrist so you'll want to get it nice and tight when you remove the extra links. The links do come out easily with the tools included. Something that might be helpful to know for people who bought their watches used like I did... the bands detach from the watch without tools. To detach the old bands, push the button near the band on the back of the watch and slide the band to the side. The picture shows you how the color scratches off and the difference between the champagne toned rose gold and this color.
HARD TO PUT ON AT FIRST
Was not able to take photos under water, the buttons didn't respond but I could pop up to the surface of the water and start a video go back under the water and was able to get some footage that way. The cell stayed safely dried the entire time so that I would give it a 5 star for.
The flag is upside down when using the kick stands and belt clip. It's ok for the price
great looking slim case, but i didn't like that the bottom has no grip to it
Crappiest screen replacement the colors are lighter than the usual messages to android are light green and iPhone light blue the screens keeps flickering I opened twice to make sure everything was connected properly can't even talk on the phone because it shuts off and can't hear anything through top speaker have to talk over speaker phone. Don't waste your money
Love the style of case, and it fits my Moto z3 perfectly. HOWEVER, after only a month, the color is starting to wear off in spots. Another downside is that it covers up the Moto mods port. If I ever want to use those, the case will have to come off.
Good for phone protection, but lacks 3 raised buttons for volume +/- and lock button. This makes it difficult to locate and press if you want to raise the volume of the phone while it is in your pocket.
The case is hard and heavy and the "screen protector" leaves like a half inch on all sides unprotected.
sent it back color isnt that bright as displayed on photo
The chain is flimsy and easy to break, and the connectors don't seem to fit the best. That said, they're cheap and they work.
This screen protector was very hard to place and despite all the care, I still have bubbles underneath it. And it broke the first time the screen got hit.
If you want a bulky heavy case then this is for you. Those are the only downfall besides the glass that won't stay adhered to the screen. The case is very durable and with the honeycomb rubber insert it is extremely shock proof from drops and falls. I ended up purchasing an otterbox just for the weight difference and less bulk.
My mom got this same style and quality watch on Wish for less than 5 bucks. Battery life is a joke esp if you are using it to track your sleeping patterns ...and steps in the day
Cable to short for crew cab long bed pickups. It's about 4 feet to short to work on our 05 Ford F-350 crew cab long bed. Now i'm trying to band aid a solution. Can't replace as it has the trigger wire for the cam at the dash end and a tap for reverse light at the back end. Shenanigans.
Was charging my phone ..sometimes the phone was getting to hot .one was too warm or too hot
Its a fine case for the price. Nothing really great but nothing really wrong either. Its fine purchase at the price it is...
Appearance and function-wise, these earbuds are similar to the Apple Airpods. Personally, my ears are a little small which means most earbuds are uncomfortable for me. There is a slight white noise while the earbuds are paired but no sound is being played. The case is also a little difficult to open sometimes, so you need to use a bit of force to open them. One earbud was oddly out of battery while the other was totally fine, which I found strange. So far, earbuds need to be paired as if they were two separate earbuds, so only one earbud works at a time, even though both are connected to bluetooth. Kind of annoying. Otherwise, a good alternative to the airpods but definitely could be less of a hassle to connect to bluetooth.
I have a waterproof case and popsockets refuse to stay on my phone so I looked for a replacement and this is the perfect one. It's better than the popsocket and sticks like a champ. It's so convenient.
It will protect your phone but don't expect it to look good doing it!!!
I've had this case for a while and was satisfied... until I actually dropped my phone. It fell out of my sweater pocket 3 feet off the ground onto a hardwood floor. No screen cracks, but nonetheless the fall caused problems with my screen. The case just wasn't able to absorb enough of the impact, I guess. It's a good case for minor bumps and scratches. If you need more than that, I recommend looking elsewhere.
I end up return this unit, due to, no LCD display to what watt consuming to my load. also, this seems no UL/ETL certification, this is a must to have on all consumer electronic products. plus, there is no local US supporting to warranty need after after many years , if need to replace parts. it work , but not really great as it should be, like all name brand electronic item in US market. Other then this, all function work as it should be. but good luck, if something goes wrong after 30 days, you are on your own. some trading company, very hard to claim warranty.
Good price and pretty clear sound we use them at church. They sometime just stop working and the mic clip is not the best, but for the price you can keep a few extras around.
Pros: easy to convert to eyedropper Cons: it's a felt tip market- not a brush- would give 5 stars if they had not falsely said brush.
The belt connection to the ducking system is not as flexible as I thought is was going to be. The Blaze sticks out a little because of that.
Charged only an android phone occasionally. Worked well at first but now will not get recharged for use after 10 months.
TV Advertisement shows that the camera would turn completely around you can see what was in your back seat my grandkids, but not this model
Ambient light sensor is faulty so not able to get auto-brightness to work on my iPhone 7 Plus. Otherwise everything else works.
Silicone by plug in port tore after less than a week. Still usable, but disappointing.
Installation was easy. The back side was smoother than I expected but overall it was a nice fit.
Protect my phones screen and easy to install.
Thought it would look better than it does, but really doesn't look glittery, more like the color wore off... also the sticky was not great. It fell off multiple times. I finally just gave up and took it off
Decent sound, fit and comfort. Connect automatically to iOS, Android and PC. Battery life could be a lot better. The sound in the right headphone goes out intermittently but not often enough for me to put forth the effort to return.
Great phone case but has quickly gotten discolored on the edges from normal wear.
It's work just as advertised. Just wish it wasn't so expensive
I like it and it works ok, but I have problems with certain phone styles that will not stay clipped in. Then my phone ends up on the floor where I can even reach it.
I agree with all the others. Should have been more clear that there was no support for the wemo link/bulbs. Isn't this the most important part?!? Hoping there is an update soon as going back and forth from apps was not the idea behind this purchase!
The screen has to be adjusted just right in order to read it. It will probably be ok at night. The sound quality is great!
This phone was not unlocked as Amazon said it would be.
It definitely transfers files at a very fast speed for 3.0. And it is definitely capable of fast charging. However it is constantly dinging and connecting and disconnecting every other second if it's ever touched while in use. I have to sit my phone down still on a countertop or something and not hold it in my hand. If I'm trying to transfer a file I need to do that also and just touch the screen gently to not move it or it will completely disconnect and try and reconnect which would ruin any file transfers and progress and will mess up the charging as well. I feel like it's not plugging in deep enough into the phone like the original cable does.
Nothing magical here, but it is a solid product. Would buy again.
I got the red I really wanted to love it but without a popsocket it's hard to hold my s8plus the case is slippery and with the popsocket on it sucks cuz the case isn't strong enough it pops up, someone uploaded a picture of what it does. Other than that it's covers the whole phone I really liked that!
Love it until I went to charge it on the wireless charger. Oops won't work because your drivers lic etc blocks it. Can't use it going to have to find something else. A great case for a iPhone 7
Great in many ways. Lightweight. Comfortable. Stylish. Only gripe is that I have big hands and it's hard to take the watch off and on now that the band is installed. Would be fine for medium or small hands.
Have an iPhone for work, android for personal, This cable only works for charging, No data sharing.
This is a good edge to edge screen protector. Installation is actually easier than initially anticipated. The biggest problem is the adhesive. Despite a flawless installation, the adhesive on the right and left edges did not cure 100% leaving lightened cues when compared to the rest of the phone. This is only noticeable when the phone is off or on standby, however, it still really bugs me due to the amount of time I researched this product before purchasing. In my mind, it is a result of the actual installation process itself and an inherent problem with the product.
Like the way the cover looks. Seems durable. First deep scratch on the face of my Watch happend with this case. I've yet to find a face protector that works.
Worked so so. The adhesive isnt as strong as other brands kinda cheap but works. Glass is a bit fragile and cracks easily.
I thought I would LOvE this- for the waterproof feature, heart rate, vo2 and style- however after a week my hand and forearm have a feeling of pain- like a pinched nerve... I've tried massaging my hand and forearm- it's not worth the pain!! Huge huge bummer!!!!!!
It provides heart rate for day not at work out times.
It's a good case for my phone. It does have peeling paint on the button side.
It did its job! Saved my phone but the back side of the case broke.
Not durable, after a period of time it breaks apart and the front cover gets old affecting your selfie quality.
I haven't use this in quite a while. I do remember I ran out of juice before I got to my destinations. That does not make me happy.
Bought this product and did not work
UPDATE: After reading my review the company emailed me and offered to fix the issues I was having. They offered to refund me or send me a replacement. I was very pleased with this component and their customer service, they really cared about me and cared about how they could make it right. 10/10 company and customer service. I loved this product at first no annoying static, paired easy with my phone, and was super easy t use. However, after using it for I'd say a month, even though the radio station it was set on was perfectly clear and came in great, all I could hear was static half the time. It kept transitioning from the radio to my phone which was HIGHLY irritating. I would always have to unplug it and re-plug it in and even then it still barely stopped the static and interruptions, which was also annoying. Then just last week I went to unplug the the transmitter and the damn thing broke. All the pieces came out. So if you are looking for a good transmitter this one works but only for a short period of time. It gets worse each time you use it so in my experience save your money or go get a really really good one that won't give you this infuriating problem.
This is my second purchase of this item, the first one was eaten/destroyed by one of my dogs. The second one won't charge. I liked the first one, so I'm willing to make a third a final purchase.
very bulky and hard to get off your phone
I like the case, the compartment is great. Just very bummed it won't charge on my wireless chargers. (I have 3 different types of wireless chargers and none work.)
I was hoping for a louder speaker but didn't really hit my expectations great for a room type surround sound , but not thrilled it's prolly rated for me 1-10 a harsh 6 and the battery does not last so long as I was hoping for mine typically runs out after 1-2 hour of play time
It works great, but it gets very hot rather quickly.
I am ok with this product in that it fulfills the basic needs that a smartwatch offers, caller id, ability to text via your watch, Android Pay, etc. However, when it comes to 3rd party app support, I feel like this watch is leaving much to be desired. I would love to quickly review emails, or better sync to my UnderArmour health tracker, but it doesn't seem to have that ability. Basically, I use this watch to tell time, and get annoyed by my Ring alarm motion monitors that I don't need on my watch, but don't know how to turn it off. It seems like Apple watch users are much happier, and have many more market options available to them. It is a watch, with great battery life, but not much more than that...
Stuff start falling off but still cute case if you don't mind taking it out to use your phone
Even though this was not an expensive band I expected the design to last longer than 3 weeks before it started to wear off. Comfortable band though.
The Phone charge was broken , it is doesn't work properly.
I love the minimalist design of this case, but it does not offer much protection. I ended up returning it because I didn't want to tempt my occasionally clumsy self.
Product as described. However, i found the manual to lack steps for the set up of the unit. I had to use other sources for complete set up of the system.
I love this product, but it just randomly stopped working. I bought this product a couple months ago and I figured they would last longer than that. They are the best headphones I've used for running, but disappointed they didn't last longer...
Really, cheap Apple knock-offs - one bud already fell off -you get what you pay for, they're okay while they work
They were a bit small and did not stay on my feet.
I watched the install video before I ordered and over and over again when I did the install. Not very intuitive. It took all 3 screen savers before I did it correctly. Final install turned out well with no bubbles and I was able to put the case on right away. Touch sensitivity is not as the Samsung factory install but does work with enough pressure.
Once fitted onto my IPhone I found the magnification lacking.
Takes many brushes on thick hair, doesn't obviously work as well as a flat iron but helps control some of the frizz... I thoight it would save me some time and headache but flat iron still works better.
Beautiful band. But arrived missing stones and the links were super hard to get out! I've worked at a jewelry store for a few years and these were the worst I've ever tried getting out!
The screen got chipped and caused a crack down the entire screen. Not very durable.
It's look good but box look like old used one
It took some time to get the connectors together just right, but once they did, it worked perfectly. 5 days since having it installed and all is still running smoothly. UPDATE: Just before Christmas, it stopped working (screen got worsening stripes of black and then the next day was completely black). I opened it up to see if it was a connector issue, but it has had no effect. :-(
Boo! 2 months in and my ring fell off :(
I love the case but the hook was defective - wouldn't stay closed after opening. Resolved by buying a better hook from hardware store. The actual case is well made and is perfect for my needs.
The screen protectors fit the screen well but they don't seal on the edges very well. I had to use two just to get one of them to semi work.
The bottom part do not fit snug , it is twisted.The product was made/moulded twisted..
I have a relatively small head and this was too small on my head to be comfortable with where the speakers hit.
Used in a 97 expedition with Mach sound system to replace stock subwoofer. 3 stars because it actually sounds decent,but it only lasted 9 months. For a little over $15 you get 9 months of decent bass.
This is a very good looking watch that had a nice leather band.I was looking forward to getting this watch after reading so many super positive reviews the battery life was terrible,I had to recharge it 3 times during set up and twice within the first 2 hours of use.I am returning the watch.Possibly I just received a lemon.
Didn't protect my phone at all. The back of my phone is all cracked after it fell from my pants pocket while seating. It protected the screen but the back of my Samsung Galaxy S9 note is shattered.
I love the screen but the only problem it wasn't a privacy screen
the price and the fact that it comes with all the "tools" you need to install it make it a great value. especialy that it comes with 3 screens with installation gear each. the biggest problem is that it's undersized doesn't quite cover the lit part of the screen. I'm assuming this is to make it case friendly, but even with a case on it there's still quite the gap. I thought that using stickers for hinges was a clever move making placement a breeze. if it wasn't to narrow I'd give this 5 stars. but at this point I can't. and will probably go elsewhere for screen 2 instead of using the other 2 I have from this kit.
The thumb screw would not screw into the unit because there were no threads in the unit. It still fit into the CD slot fine and seems to hold tight. I will thread the hole in holder myself just incase I need to use it later.
The case design is good BUT it's really weak case. It's not sticking to the phone and not right either. Just so so good.
The cable looks good and has a nice flexible cord however the Micro end quickly wears out and becomes loose in the device you are trying to use it with and easily falls out.
The plastic screen was cracked when I opened it, other than that it does what it needs to do.
Nice color but the stand is plastic and doesnt hold up great like the photo
The first one I pulled out of the bag wouldn't make a connection. When I looked into the end of it, it looked all chewed up inside. The second one looked fine and is working great. The third one looks fine but haven't had need to use it so haven't tried it.
iOttie has created better cell Phone holders in the past. This one does not stay on air vent wing and keeps sleeping off while driving for prolonged periods. On top of that shipping was delayed extensively even though it stated it was in stock and was considered a Prime Benefit item. On the plus side it does hold the iPhoneX with an Otter Defense box.
This holder very often needs to be adjusted and falls with the phone. Not very comfortable to use when you are driving. I wouldn't recommend.
I returned this item. Was not what I expected.
Cheaply made set. But with a little effort it gets the job done. The pen press tool was too thin foe any of my watches. Maybe a woman's watch would fit in it. For what I paid for it, I'm not complaining. If I wanted a quality set of watch tools, I would have spend the money to get one.
For some reason the charge on this does not hold for long. literally keeps depleting if the cable is left in it.
Like the look. Do not like how heavy it is. Do not like the plastic cover on the keyboard.
This is a very nice charger but it doesn't work on Galaxy S3 like it states in the description. Otherwise I would give it 5 stars. They should correct their description.
Pretty case, but very cheaply made. And the color was a pinkish/fleshy Crayola color. Did nothing to enhance my beautiful Rose Gold iPhone. I'm not sure if it would actually protect my phone if I dropped it. The case I am currently using works and it is a clear/rose gold hue, so I am going to stick with what I already have.
Product arrived fast. Sadly after installing the glass replacement, and removing the protective film which is only on one side of the glass, the other side is the glue sticker. The camera focus does not work, and the picture is blurred and foggy. Aesthetically the phone looks great. Sadly the back camera with a none functioning focus is not worth even starting up. This product did replace the broken glass issue 100%. Sadly in my case the camera needs some additional TLC to get to work to solve the focusing issue and a working camera on the phone.
Works well for me, will update my review after using it for couple of more days
They worked great at first then wouldn't stay closed so we used tie straps and worked great for a while now it will not come on at all. Only had for about 6 months! SMH
Case is great. Love it. Great feel. I am a little upset how this was packaged. Cause of the way it was shipped my screen protector they sent with the case got smashed. Least the case isn't broken
Product is good for a year and works well-ish but the support from the company is useless so don't expect them to help you quickly if you need help or have a problem.
I love the product, but I am disappointed as well. 2 weeks after installing this protector the corners started peeling up. I followed the instructions to the tee and I was impressed for two weeks now I am having touch issues.
So I bought these with low expectations. I have mixed results. For the price, the quality and comfort are good. Just don't make any phone calls. People tell me they can't hear or understand me. I would still buy them. Just be realistic.
I only used this 2 days and ordered a different one. *although this case did not work out for me they were kind enough to refund me.
It's hard to type on this screen protector, it's not very responsive. But it's a decent screen protector for the price
Wireless charging doesn't work
I like the case but does turn yellow after months of use.
I did a lot of research on portable chargers which lead me to believe that this one was going to be the best. It was working great the first month and a half then after that it was charging my phone really really slow. Even if there's no apps/programs running and/or when I shut off my phone it was still charging really slow. I'm not sure why bc I use its original cord when charging too. I had higher expectations for this product bc of its Anker brand and now I'm very disappointed in its speed and performance. I really thought I had the best portable charger when I purchased it. :(. May 30th update : however after writing the review above ^^^ Anker customer support contacted me via email and asked me a few questions then replaced it for me. I just received the replacement one today and have not used it yet. Hopefully this one will work better than the first. I appreciate their customer support services very much.
It worked really well for the few times I've used it but now it won't charge :( I guess you get what you paid for.
Purchased to put on back of a phone cover bc I DROP EVERYTHING. However, sticky band on the product did not last or stick onto the phone case for long. Bummed.
Easy to set up and get going, however sound quality leaves a lot to be desired. Even with a ground loop isolator, there is noticeable static on higher frequency sounds such as cymbals or stringed instruments. Low end is fine, but for the price I would have liked to have better sound quality.
Stand support bar broke the fourth time opening it, just got it two hours ago and already a failure, see if it makes it a week.
Unfortunately had to return this case. It kept hanging up on calls.
It left too much static on the background and the volume was too low compared to other brands.
I mean... you cant beat the price and for that i say...You get what you pay for and they sound better than expected.
Nice looking case but the belt clip broke quickly and had to cut a hole in the case for flash. Was supposed to fit my phone
The package came on time and was in good condition. The earphones connected quickly to my phone quickly via bluetooth and they fit my ears snugly and didn't fall out during my workouts. However, I can't say much about the noise canceling or the sound. I primarily use my earphones for music and the sound coming through these earphones lacked bass and clarity and one of the earphones was consistently louder than the other one. If you're looking for relatively cheap truly wireless earphones, then get these but if you're looking for a unique sound experience, I would skip. I ended up returning mine.
For the price, it's okay. It is made very snug where you put your cards and it is too snug to put bills in the pocket.
The case is okay, I don't like how much of a hassle it is to press the buttons though.
These scratch way worse than other brands I've had and after one drop it cracked, but at least it didn't shatter my screen.
A little overpriced.
Like the leather feel. Hard to remove phone, additional holders would be helpful.
Cute but fragile. Broke after dropping it once
Case felt great on phone and in hand....only problems came with the button configuration. The plastic pieces were a little off from the phone, and it became difficult to operate the buttons on either side of the device. I had to eventually cut out the button coverings until I got a better fitting case.
Takes a long time to charge
The case fits well, but is cheap in general, the kick stand it flimsy and has already broken.
When working out the touch screen won't work. You have to take the case off and dry it.
Good thing: Great for rainy days. Fits my phone pretty well. Touch screen works 95% of the time. Lanyard seems sturdy. Bad thing: when I received it, it was folded so it stays a bit folded... I've tried to smooth it out, but no luck. The adhesive piece doesn't stick to the back of the phone. I've tried many ways to make them connect, no luck. With the lanyard, the phone kind of swings into your chest. Condensation gets in which makes this really annoying wet spot inbetween the plastic wrapping and the touch screen.
I love the design, but it fell off like half an hour after I stuck it to my phone. I then used Gorilla glue to stick it good. So I am fine with it now. But I feel like you should not have to do it ideally.
Easily cracks when removing out of box and does not fully covers the screen.
These aren't the most durable cords in the world, but if you get 5 of them for this price they don't have to be.
Can not read license plates in front of you
Okay, blurry! It's like dotted weird, was not expecting that I wanted a clear case over it. But other than that it fits well and protects it.
It doesn't quite fit. It covers the display only. But I needed to get one asap. While in bright areas, you can't see a lot of difference, you can tell a screen protector is on the phone. The colors aren't as bright and vivid without the screen protector. ***I also found a bubble in the middle of the display if the light hits it right. I can't get rid of it, even if I reapply it.*** I like how it comes with two protectors. But the dust absorber is confusing. Was I supposed to peel the blue thing off? If so, it left streaks. So I had to go back and do the microfiber cloth again. With that said, I will be getting a different protector when I have the money. This will do for now. UPDATE: Customer service has been wonderful. They have helped me and so I am upping my rating. I don't know if it is an air bubble or not, as you can only see it at certain angles of light. So I wonder if it isn't my fingerprint. Either way, customer service takes care of you!
Worked great for first couple months. It doesn't hold a charge anymore suddenly.
Clarity is great but it doesn't adhere to the phone screen and in certain places on the screen you can feel that there is space between the two.
They are okay before difficult to get to connect to kindle or computer. Only works with phone.
This ear piece works great so far and the battery life seems to hold up. My ONLY problem(and one that could cause me to return or buy a different device) is while the device is connected to my phone I can't hear my phone ring. It always goes through the device. I am not one to keep the ear piece in my ear. I have it only for driving therefore when I don't have the piece in my ear; I don't hear my phone ring. This is really an aggravation. I have to turn it on and off and reconnect every time I use it.
Not as good of reception as oem.
I could be really nice, but a couple things have kept me from really liking it. The "over ear" design is not large enough and the pre-installed messages to notify you of anything (like battery low) are way too loud and I can't find a way to adjust them.
I purchased these for a large event that I produce and have coming up so I haven't actually used the product yet. I have them all unpackaged and charged including extra batteries. I have a couple of the charging units where the light indicating if the walkie is charging or already charged doesn't work. One with no light at all and a couple of others that go in and out. For now, because I purchased the 20 pack, I am charging the ones that have light issues on other charging units so I can utilize all of them. Hoping they work onsite the way I expect based on reviews I've read. It's definitely a hassle to have some of the units not perfect as they are brand new but I need to improvise for now.
My 15-month old screen protector (another brand) finally got a chip and cracked, so I tried the Tech Armor. I've used Tech Armor on iPads for years with no problem, but this didn't last for me. I haven't dropped the phone or been rough with it - just the same way I've treated iPhones for years. Unexpected, but not happy with the durability.
Fine if you just need something to hold your phone. But it blocks the corners of the screen, interfering with some app functions. Instead, got a different product that connects my case and phone to a lanyard but stays completely out of my way.
Doesn't glow a whole lot
A little tricky getting on and bubbles a lot. Also took away from my screen sensitivity. Will not buy again.
I was happy with the design and color but the only issue I have is that it's really hard for me to push the power button or the volume button so I can't screen shot any photos without actually taking the case off or to set the volume high or low :(
Would not buy again.
Review I love anker products for their quality and affordability. I had very high expectations for this earbuds but it sadly disappointed me. Pros: Cheap Good bass Customizable so it can fit well in your ears Cons: - The left earbud keeps disconnecting. I saw this on the reviews before purchasing this product and decided to ignore it and see for myself. What I have confirmed is that the problem is so severe. It probably disconnected today for more than 10 times already and it usually happens when im walking fast or turning my head to the right. - The earbuds container is bulky and gets scratched easily. It's also confusing how you have to place the earbud on the container. It's not like apple earbuds where it is easy to tell just by looking which direction the earbuds will go. For this one i found myself having to turn the earbuds so many times just for it to snap into place. This is problematic when you are in a rush like when you are walking. I have dropped the earbuds several times because of this. - the earbuds are covered in rubber. This ensures the perfect fit in your ear. Problem is that it always catches dust and lint and you have to clean it every single time. - anker advertized that these earbuds support smart assistant. It does but it's so annoying how you have to wait 2 seconds or sometimes even more for the assistant to respond. It's not instant like google pixel buds. - after prolonged use, clicking on the buttons will apply pressure to your ears and it hurts. Apple got this right cause for earbuds you just have to tap them and you dont need to apply a lot of pressure. I am truly let down by anker this time. I wish they have worked on this product really well before releasing it because products like this gives anker a bad name. UPDATE: Anker reached out to me and provided fantastic customer service. This earbuds might not be what I was expecting but because of their fantastic customer support, I will always look forward to any new products they might release in the future.
No screen protector. Not sure this would take the 3 feet drop test on hard floor. Light weight with good grip. Expecting more.
Maybe I'm missing something but when it says anti-skid I was assuming it wouldn't slide all around my table. I don't understand why there's anti-skid in the phone rest and not on the bottom. Besides that it's made of metal , and is replacing my current plastic phone stand, but I wish I had known that the anti-skid was not applied to the bottom I would have got a different stand from a different retailer.
Case is cute but was extremely difficult to get on my phone
no different than my unpowered RCA of the same type
I ordered the 2 pac. I dropped my phone from a chair and cracked the screen protector. The second one cracked when my phone fell from my desk. The did there job but didn't expect them to crack so easily.
These are ok battery does not last long enough and you cannot move to far from the phone otherwise you will lose the call not satisfied with them after a while people cannot hear you on them you have to almost yell
good price, sound ok , no amp, ran with amp but tweeters whined.
arrived 11/2017 the 6ft cable has already died.
The item arrived as promise. Was simple to figure out how to put on. Directions were not that helpful but anyone can figure it out. It is 3 days later and it is already falling off my phone. The glue was not that sticky. Otherwise the product is fine. Able to use my phone normally. Haven't dropped my phone as of yet so can tell about its durability.
Not shiny like the picture. Great product but if I had known it wasn't gonna look as pretty as the picture, I would have chosen something different.
Everything worked fine except the y tip screwdriver. Had to buy a set after my phone was already apart.
Really cute! I bought it so I could wear my watch to a wedding. The only complaint I have is that the paint chipped off a little
Detects fish and depth as intended. Battery life does not last long.
The s-pen that it came with didn't work so I had to order a new one.
Light weight, holds phone securely but the entire holster falls off of your belt because I believe the belt clip needs to be stiffer it opens very easily to remove from belt. Other than that very nice product.
I was excited to get this however it was hard to put on my S7 and the built in screen protector is not the best. I was not able to touch the top or sides of my screen easily. Meaning I had to touch 2 or 3 times before my phone would respond.
The stereo is good ! fit and worked well on my car . the price is so good for the stereo and the backup camera as well but I did not like that the product was very light. it hardly weighed anything and usually stereos are really heavy. other than that , great buy.
While it's super cute and I love that it doesn't make my phone too bulky, the pineapples seem to have been put on with cheap material. I haven't even had it on my phone for a day and the gold is flaking off. A little disappointing but I guess for the price, I can't complain
Works well to a certain point with google daydream. not sure why but it will loose orientation at some point in time.
The battery life didn't last long. It charged the phone for about 30 minutes and was out for the count. Maybe 75% of the original phone battery power, if that. Helps a little, but not much. The mAh is just too low, but I didn't realize it until after I used it a few times. At least it's not bulky.... Oh well.
Cute but the thread has come undone and is Fallon apart
The unit did not work for both of my phones. Upon power up the red light came on. And never came back. I tried both phone Samsung 8+ and 9+. They both never charged. Took them out of there covers no difference. Repositioned no difference. Put them facing the charger nothing. Gave up on it. Sending it back.
Solid product. Great construction. Accurate touch. One of the darkest glass screen covers ever owned. Looks Clear but it definately dims the screen. Also. The worst glass cover ive had that leaves a film constantly. Never had the problem before. We have three phones and 3 different glass covers. Although this is solid its not as user friendly for me.
Fit great and sounds great. The volume control button does not work
The Bluetooth is nice and easily connect to my phone's but the buzzing noise during phone calls that this device creates is noticeably loud and I believe it may be defective
Little weak, cracked first week.
I'm going to keep this so my screen has some protection, but the protector is not quite the right size for the phone. It leaves one edge of the screen exposed when perfectly aligned with the other side. Install and protection has been about the same as any other screen protector I've used, but be prepared for the fit to be subpar.
Works great. Not as noise canceling as I would like. Also, can't be more than 7 feet away from your device before the sound starts to be affected. Overall though, does the job that I need.
Does not stay charge long enough
Nice to have two ports but since this runs high amps it isnt good for charging devices. High amps means fast charge but low batery life
Case is fine, most of my headphone plugs dont fit so i have to take off the entire case to use my headphones.
Great idea, but doesn't work that well. I've tried it in two cars and both times, it will get loose and come off after a few times. The latch that you snap in the back doesn't seem to be tight enough. It's a great idea though and otherwise well made, I just wish I could get it to stay on the vent tighter.
Nice case. However, the area for the charger is too small so you have to take the case off to charge your phone.
Had a burned spot on the screen . phone lated me 2 yrs .. So i say ok
Roughly the size of an old school ipod while being as light or even lighter than some full size smartphones. Have not yet used it, charging it now. Whole thing is matte black and rubberized. Feels comfortable. Item description says 8,000 mah and so does the manual, but the item itself is marked 10,000 mah. Don't know what to believe. The manual, though looks neatly printed, is translated poorly. Item is straight forward tho. Will update to 4 or 5 stars if this item ends up working good.
Makes your phone a lot heavier and thicker...only positive thing is that it charges...
It says anti fingerprint but mine get fingers everywhere I have to keep cleaning it *smh*
These are somewhat uncomfortable and the protective screens over the speaker portion quickly fell out. About a month after getting them the right ear started working at only %50 volume. However based on price and how much abuse they've seen over several months they have stood up reasonably well.
Had this for 3 days, dropped it once from only 3 feet, and it broke. Very cheap! Cute design...but I guess what did I expect from the price? You get what you pay for.
Very cool design, heavy and durable. However, if not installed on a flat horizontal surface, due to its weight, they glue will not hold it on place for more than a week. If I had a better place in my vehicle to mount it, I would've kept it, but I couldn't make it work.
looks better on screen than in person.
After 9 months, the case is now broken. I really have liked the case.
I've dropped my iPhone many times and *knock on wood* it's still scratch free and working great. The surface of the case is not so rubberized that it clings to surfaces and your hands. Easy to hold, not too bulky. The flippable headphone and charger port covers have held up OK after several months of constant wear--they may last a year and a half total, based on the fatigue at the creases. However, this case isn't dust proof AT ALL. My phone looks filthy instantly if I put it in the pocket of a linty pair of jeans, and I have to disassemble the entire case to clean it--which I've given up on, since I'd have to do it so often. I'm just resigned to having a permanently dusty looking phone screen for now/
Ink from my black scrubs rubs off on the light purple spots with in 72 hours of use.
This is a good screen protector for my smartwatch. I did have trouble getting it on smoothly without bubbles.
Nice case but the vibrancy in the picture isnt what it is in person was disappointed
Don't charge for nothing...but its a good flash light...
After rejecting many other products that clearly showed having black edges, I chose this one because it seemed they were classical all clear. When they showed up, they also have black edges. Since I needed them immediately, I took extra time to get it packed on seemingly perfect. Upon starting the phone however, it is apparent that the back and open windows icons at the bottom are off slightly, making them light up only partially and look very odd. The premise of adding color to a screen protector is fundamentally flawed in my opinion - not only does is make it impossible to line up the icons, but a solid flat black is now hiding a beautiful gunmetal black with unique designs. Either way the description should be modified to clarify that these are NOT clear.
These didn't last to long.
The big down side is that the clock can only be displayed on the radio mode and sometimes when switching from iPod mode to radio mode,the radio doesn't work I have to turn the ignition off and then on the radio start working again...Sound quality it's ok
Case is awesome but holder sucks
Other reviewers were not kidding about the wind noise. When I first put these on in my kitchen before heading out the door for a run, I though, "good god these are LOUD". Even on the lowest volume setting, it was very loud. I was nervous b/c I usually like the volume relatively low, so I can hear oncoming traffic, etc. But once you get moving (I mean, even a little bit), the wind noise overtakes everything, and I even found myself turning the volume UP a couple notches, because I couldn't hear my music (and I pace myself to the beat, so I need to hear it!)! So, "just OK" would be my assessment. Fine for a run now and then, but that wind noise is VERY loud. Be warned.
Quite decent for when we need a few spare around the house. :)
The charger at first is definitely one of the best out there. It can fully charge two phones, which is very convenient for me. But I guess good things don't last. Now the charger no longer works, it just flashes the lights. The sad part is I've only had it for 11 months.
Pleased with the product, however, it was sent without any covering. They just put a sticker on the box and mailed it.
Idea it too big and doesnt fit my headset. It's not eligible to be returned so I can't use it and now am stuck with it
The material of the screen protector is medium hard, I had wait 30 mins and still couldn't press the edge to settle down. I tried 2 times before give up. I watch the youtube but it seems like there screen protector in the video is softer material.not the same that i received.
great radio as long as you don't want to use as a scanner when you're not talking on it. Has great audio I'm both receive and transmit.
The screen scratched easily and the touch ID didn't work very well. It kept the phone protected for $13 though.
Did not hold charge for very long.
It does not cling to phone on the edges.
It's a perfect case and it's super cute. It was just a little too smooth for me. I tend to randomly let go of things as I'm walking and this was even easier because it was so smooth.
Protects the phone. But if you drop it even once then the shell will crack.
Bought because my finger print sensor went out. New one, still doesn't work. On/off button must be pressed extra hard also.
I like the overall feel of these headphones; however they aren't as good as I hoped. The sound quality is just okay, depending on the ANC level and EQ settings. The high ANC setting tends to hiss, and will squeak if you move your head wrong. I tend to use the low ANC setting for travel and its less intense on the ears.
The phone dropped to the ground and the screen was cracked immediately, so it does not have protection that company claims at all.
Nice looking but the ring stand gave out within 2 weeks. It now just swings around and will no longer hold up the phone. It is a plastic hinge so it was bound to happen. Protects the phone which is what is important.
Two of the three did not work. Did not find out until after time ran out to return. I have bought them three times and they do not last long!
It's an ok screen protector but it didn't stay in place as long as I thought it would. Each time my husband put his phone in his pocket the protector would start to loosen up and eventually got to a point where we needed to replace it.
I bought it bc it looks goldish and pink. However the glitter looks more of a brownish gold, a lot darker than the pic. It's pretty, just doesn't go with what I needed it for cuz it had to be gold.
Fits okay but have trouble getting phone out of pocket due to sticky inner case part but protects phone okay
The color is pink not rose gold
I am not sure I can trust very important data to this card.
it is a decent case but the screen protector is easily warped by the sun. I set my phone on my seat and by the time I got to my destination the screen had a rainbow warp on it from the sun that didn't go away. Additionally the screen protector is not scratch resistant.... My screen looks horrible. Lastly, texting is a little difficult because the screen is not sensitive to touch.
This is an ok case. Not good, definitely not great, but ok. I've used mine for 3 or so months now and about half the time I need it to work, it will. The thing is, at $30 USD that I bought it for, I didn't expect it to work like it's $100 USD alternative. So here's a few things I like and even more that I don't. Pros: This is a phone case It doesn't hamper the functionality of the phone entirely It will charge your phone in a pinch Cons: Can't use the lightning port of the case for anything but charging It doesn't have a raised edge around the screen so if you drop it there's no protection The charging will sometimes just turn off, even if the case is fully charged You can get MAYBE 2 full charges until it's dead I could keep going but I don't want to trash it too much. Like I said, it's a cheap alternative to the real deal.
Kyocera is just ok. I am still not sure what was the point of Android as operation system, since this is not a touch screen. Forget about internet browser, with screen this small, and no keyboard, no touchscreen, it really is pointless. If you want a flip phone then buy the cheaper one and be done with it. Since this one is branded as AT&T, even though it is unlocked, internet tethering or hotspot options are blocked. I went into the trouble rooting it, but with lack of knowledge I still can't unlock hotspot feature. Kyocera is being marketed as "military grade" tough phone, but honestly I haven't tried driving nails with it, or washing it down the toilet, so I can't attest to it. Battery life is mediocre at best, which is disappointing since I particularly looked for flip phone to get away from continually dying smartphone batteries. Mike is not any better than other phones, signal strength is same. Camera appears to be ok, although I am still to upload any image off of it, it isn't as straightforward. No GPS. But then, can't run any kind of mapping software on this phone anyway. Texting on this phone sucks. You are soo back to late 90's, I mean if you are old enough you will have skills. No predictive text. Only couple languages pre-installed. No voice to text, although voice commands are supported. I have had this phone for about a month, it still works ok.
Although for the most part it's held up pretty well I'm still using it but the top part right above the speaker snapped is really clean I didn't even notice it until it started wiggling around
I tested my unit today - outside with nothing between me and my iPhone 6. Beyond 30 feet I started getting noticeable sound distortions. Very disappointed in the range. Otherwise I would say this is a good product.
This is a decent case for the price, but the paint scratches off really easily. It'd probably be worth it to pay a little more for better quality, I just really liked the design. Of course, the design doesn't matter when it scratches off lol
Lasts about a month and then the screw falls out of the ring and the ring falls off.
It's a good screen but cracked faster then the original screen with a case and a screen protector. It kept on getting out of my phone so I gave up on iPhones after this.
This should have been a better phone considering it was a flagship. buggy UI and samsung applications, poor signal quality. They have improved with the note 9, but this one I would still avoid.
Connection is intermittent. There is a skip every 2-3 min.
Great case but the Apple logo is not center.
I like that it is matte. Dust was already on the film.
Case feels great in hand, almost like velvet. Has gotten me many compliments. Not too sure how much protection it provides however as it feels very light and doesn't offer much front protection so OtterBox commuter has become my daily driver.
These dont work consistently for our phones. Sometimes have to fiddle with them to get a good charging connection.
Buttons are really hard to push.
Gave the screen protection..they just would not stay on the phone's screen
Ordered two, one broke after a month - I think due to the torsion of using this while biking with my phone in my pocket. Overall these work fine but not quite as sturdy as I'd like.
Water tight but does not work for taking photos underwater so if you are planning to go snorkeling you might be disappointed. You can use it to record a video underwater though and the image comes out quite clear.
I think it would have been better to have a higher lip. It seems the lip is low to the point where I am worried the screen is almost flush with the outer plastic case, and that if the phone falls, it may not have enough protection. Maybe I am worrying too much because my previous phone and the case had a distinctly higher lip that made me feel very secure. The back of the case too could have had thicker grooves to make it more robust, but those that don't like the armor like protection, this case is a good compromise between safety and sleek.
Not as strong as the ones you get from the manufacturer if you drop your phone, but cheap enough to change them when you need. Saves your screen.
Fan started getting loud after a month. Maybe just not good in an enclosed space like empty glove box. Seems to work ok i guess. I wouldnt buy again because of fan problems though. Also you have to unplug it if not using which was inconvenient.
Fit my needs well. Decent sound from a very thin form factor. I went a bit overkill on purchasing a separate wiring kit, but no issues on the setup. *Update* Don't bother with leaving a review for a free t-shirt (per decal instructions on box). After giving me the runaround, they said it was only for purchases made through their website. If that's customer service, I don't want it.
I like the (darker) blue color better in person than the (lighter) blue shown in the photo. Pros: Great fit and color. Slim enough to allow the Moto to fit in many pockets. My other case doesn't fit in most pockets, and it made the Moto seem too bulky. Cons: The case seems about as slippery as the Moto's metal cover. I doubt that the case will provide adequate shock absorption in the event of drops. It's Who would like the case?-- Someone who wants a stylish or easy to find Moto. Someone who isn't very concerned about protecting the Moto from drops.
Camera does not stay on mount. The way it attaches sucks. Both front and rear cameras fall off
The instructions for inserting the T notch of the holder into the mount were not entirely clear to me: "slide forward and up." Well the thing kept falling apart until magically it did not fall apart. I still don't think I've got it right, but I'll see if it holds together. BTW, the sticky suction is really, really sticky. I tried to get it off the dashboard to make an adjustment and it seemed to be stuck permanently. But with a lot of effort, I got it off without breaking it or my dashboard. Otherwise, once all these problems are solved, it looks like it ought to do the job. An update: I have since changed from a normal sized phone to a plus sized phone with a case, which makes things a bit heaver than before. On a bumpy road, the phone may not stay seated and the arm may change position with the shaking. But the joints can be tightened with the adjustment screws and that may solve the problem if your phone is not too heavy. I also slip a rubber band around my phone to keep it in place.
The cast is well made and it has a nice feel. It came with the top and bottom together and was a pain to separate. If I need to remove the phone I will probably have to break the case to get the phone out.
the sound was crispy. but the foot of stander keeps falls off. I was frustrated after few uses and returned.
The sound is awesome. But they only lasted one month and left bud stopped working
Really pretty but it feels super slippery if you do not hold it right. I had to get one of those Pop Sockets to get a better grip on my phone.
Very expensive for what it is. Yes it's theee thinnest case you can find and if you're ok with it not protecting your phone from breaking when you drop it, then it's an alright case. It's basically good for making your phone look nice, and free from scratches on the back. Very minimalist from what they advertise.
The screen protector is smaller than the screen and peels off at the corners
The material is good. Also the stuff that comes in the package. But I think it should be bigger, it barely meets the screen size and it's really hard to place it. A pair of mm more in the size and it would be perfect.
I don't think the leather is very nice, and doesn't want to close very good, had better
I have had 4 of the cables go bad & was going to return, but missed the return window by a few days.
Fit is great with my case. Would have received 5 stars if the microfiber lining wasn't unglued.
Wasn't a super tight fit.
The cover was fine but the ring part broked in 3 days.
I wish it had a pocket to hold my metro card or at least a slit for it. The case feels like bonded leather. It serves its purpose.
Worked good for a month now won't work at all
Pros: This case is really thin and protects my phone pretty well. It fits like a glove. Con: The paint on the corners and edges of this case wears off very quickly. It stopped looking very nice pretty quickly, which is disappointing. *** I did have to change the screen sensitivity on my Galaxy S9 due to the glass screen cover. This isn't a flaw, it's just a necessary adjustment due to the cover.
Great case over all. Only issue is that the sliding door is already very loose and has lots of play after just a day.
It keeps the phone protected. But the case it too slippery in your hands
Nice headset but the life of the phone is short
Good case that keeps you from hitting the power button everytime you use the phone. The only draw back is the screen cover, you have to press pretty hard for the phone to recognize it. Other than sometimes the phone not recognizing your input, its a great case.
Looks nice and worked well until I had to take it off, all the prongs that hold the pieces together snapped off on the whole right side, so it doesn't hold together on that side anymore. If you don't ever need to take the case off it wouldn't be a problem.
Not very good. Not good as expected. Complete utter feces.
Everything works great with my new Galaxy S9, but the fit is very tight compared to the OEM Samsung cable. I'm afraid they'll damage the phone's USB-C jack. Other than that they function fine.
I liked the look when buying. The case itself feels cheap and somewhat bulky. When the cards are in the case, it rattles quite a bit as well. Not a horrible case, but not my favorite.
For something made for calls only I'd think the calls would sound excellent, but it's not. A little muffled. Its just okay.
Not case friendly. If you have a case, do not buy this. Otherwise, it works perfectly.
Love this product, but they have GOT to do something about the release tab on the belt clip breaking so easily. Speaking of, maybe offer the belt clip for sale as a solo item?
The color and style is super cute but while using them when running you get that "popping" sound from not being seat properly. I have tried looping the buds around my ears but it doesnt help. The side with the control works but the other side does not stay looped. All in all not a terrible purchase they work great but not really made for running.
Cute case BUT as others have reviewed the cut around the camera is mis shaped into a square. I have an iPhone X. If you're a regular selfie taker like myself, you'll need to remove the case because the side button doesn't work great while case is on. Super annoying* I'll need to order a new case soon
I'm not very happy have been trying to get it to work and cannot understand I just want to send it to my granddaughter
supporting tape to install screen is too weak. it ruins jobs almost done. do not recommended.
I was really excited about using this product... however, when in the middle of putting it onto my Apple Watch, the screen cracked!!!! I've had this product less than 10 minutes and it's already broken, super sad and disappointing.
Very comfortable and bluetooth pairing was a breeze. But what I buy headphones for is to listen to music. The frequency response was very poor in my opinion. I compared them to cheaper pairs I had around the house and these were by fair the dullest sounding, and the quietest. I had high hopes for these based on the reviews but I had to send them back. If you only listen to podcasts or have an untrained ear, these might work better for you.
I didn't like the gold trim. I would have preferred a black one.
So far, I like it. I love the built in port covers, and I dropped my phone a couple of times out of curiosity and it still works fine. I would rate this product higher, but I want to see how long the case last. I have an extra battery that I swap out rather than keep my phone on a charger. I want to see how long the case holds up to being taken apart and being put back together multiple times before bragging to much about the case. However, of you want to keep the case on your phone without using a spare battery, this case is pretty gokd
takes good pictures but there seems to be no volume controll.
Good price for phone however without a screen protector, it made my screen too open. Try making with screen protector
Not all cables work out of package had to jiggle around for the money ok I guess
I bought this one because it gives great coverage for my phone. It's just really bulky. I also bought a privacy screen protector - that fits perfectly. I really like that I can use my wireless charger with it (considering its bulk). I guess I recommend it - depending on what your looking for. Style - no, safety - yes.
The case itself is very nice but do not use the “extras” that come with it. The lanyard broke the first day and I would have been better off getting a screen protector from the dollar store. This one started sliding off of my phone before a week and when I put it back it was no longer sticky. The phone case itself is very good but these amenities are cheap and I would have been better off not using them.
I ordered a rose gold band and it looks more gold
This is cute and functional. However, I've had it for like a month and the sides are already fraying. My cards are staying put, so that's good. The buttons are also keeping it shut. Not too bad
I just came back from a one week trip in France (Paris and Lyon). Throughout the whole trip, we only received 3G service, never once 4G.
I bought this product, price is nice, and video quality is decent, however I'm from Phoenix Arizona, and the heat here destroys anything not tested for this extreme heat, well needless to say, the heat warped the display cover and then the display itself fell out of the cradle case in just two and a half hours of my vehicle being parked in a lot. The temperature was mild this day at 109 degrees. I couldn't imagine what more than two hours of 115 + would do to the unit. So if you're like me and need the protection of a video, to avoid dishonest people from bogus law suits, be sure to remove the device/camera from your vehicle when you park it on a hot summer day. The support team was great and quick to make it right, they're sending a new one at no extra cost and advise me it was unnecessary to go through the trouble of returning the damaged one. I cannot put the entire blame on the device due to the extreme heat in AZ.
I love the look, it looked exactly how it did on the picture, but unfortunately I accidentally dropped the case once and it cracked horribly. I loved the case, but it breaking after one fall really makes it a inconvenience.
I like the look and feel of the case, but the buttons don't seem to match up, especially when turning the phone off and on. If you have arthritis or any type of weakness in the hands, this is not the case for you.
So the look of the case is great and but the latch part worries me a bit. Its not as sturdy as some others and after a couple months of use had worn more then a bit. My only other issue is the place where my credit cards go is loose so I have endured them falling out from time to time. I will most likely be buying another case.
1 of the cords in pack is defective others appear to work so far but disappointing to have one not working. Like the cords with the exception of the defective one
Does not hold many credit cards or IDs however very durable and seems to last
For some reason I didn't realize it would be plastic and not extend beyond the face of my phone enough to prevent breakage, but so far so good so sticking with it. However, I would suggest buying a different product if you tend to drop your phone as much as I do.
iPhone XR Perfect fit but will break around edges and scratch easily
Case is ok. I installed it on a brand new phone, opening both packages at the same time. Somehow without ever taking the case off, it has collected dust in the clear backing of the case.
Breaks easily when taking it off
It's not really designed for falls and drops and more for looks but it does fit nicely in your hands
Easy to apply. Didn't cover my screen fully.
Fits perfectly looks nice but it started peeling after 5 days of use. Really cheap made im upset this product didn't last longer.
I would like to know if the item has a lifetime warranty because my screen protector broke. If so please let me know and it would greatly be appreciated if it is replaceable free of charge
There is a hole for the cards, if you put and take out the cards all the time is gonna scratch the original phone's case.
Good for the price ,did not have long enough yet to give a durability rating
Edit: Anker contacted me and sent me the newer version after reading my review. So far it has worked great! I've had one of these (purchased three; two were gifts) since December 2016. I use it maybe 1-3 times a month, and since this weekend I can't get a full charge from it before it dies. Previously I'd been able to fully charge my phone about 3 times before needing to recharge the battery. I was hoping it would last longer than a year and a half.
It is a good product, but not good for me. It has a large capacity but it is a slow charger. When I am traveling not only I need large capacity but fast charging is even more important. I am sorry I had to return your product and purchase a Fast Charging Anker for double the money, but it helps me with fast charging which is the most important factor for me.
As advertised, this product does carry through on its magnifying feature, and definitely could enhance the viewing experience for some. I, however, did not find it quite as useful and will probably not use this product. First, the instructions are very convoluted, and also written in very poor English with two completely different sets of setup instructions and had to figure out how to use it by myself. Even when set up, there was no mechanism to hold my phone in place and would occasionally slide off, which was very annoying. Also, the angle that the magnification screen is set up only allows you to view your phone at a certain angle in order to get full screen coverage. As I've said, this product could potentially be the perfect contraption some people look for (ex: when watching long movies) but for someone who likes to watch shorter videos and is not in my seat all the time, I can not get used to this product.
Case is nice. Screen protector does not cover the entire phone screen.
I'm notorious for losing my wallets, so I thought it would be a good idea to have the wallet attached to my phone since I never lose my phone *knocks on wood*. My phone fell out of my pocket and cracked the back of my iphone. I have dropped my phone with previous cases and the back never cracked or the screen for that matter. Disappointed that the case doesn't protect my phone from falls, but it serves the purpose of being a wallet so that's good I guess!
I bought this on June 2nd and it's already broken. Not cool.
So so quality. I had to get a replacement after about 3 months. So far the second one seems to be lasting longer.
The port where the charging cable goes into the phone is too small. Most of the charging cables I had would not work with this case. I did still have the cable that came with the phone and that cable works.
Loved the item when first arrived. Now after. Almost 2 months. The battery gets very hot to the touch and the case is swelling up as it gets hot. I think I need a different one by a new maker. I've had a number of these battery case a this the first one that has gotten so hot and swelled the case. I have replaced the battery case with one from eBay.
This cover does not fit with another Otter Box Alpha glass. I tried two glasses already, broke the fist one. There is a different cover if you want to use with alpha glass. You have to use this cover without any glass protector. You can probably only put those thin plastic protectors, but not the glass.
The product works, but got an email saying to not use them on my iPhone to use original headphones
Everything is perfect except the magnets do not hold the phone on very well. So be careful
I wasn't too happy with these the stickers did not stick well but you get what you pay for
Loved how long the chord is. Didn't have it long before it became too loose in the port. This is the second brand I've tried and it happened to the other one as well.
I like the style and look of this but it fell completely apart all over after one month of use :( had to go get a new one from Walmart because it broke in two
The voice quality is poor. It does not respond to voice commands. The visual display is not as clear as some free navigation like google map. I would not buy it again. To be fair, it will take you where you need to go.
I love the color/texture and the stand. I did not like the protective clear cover, it did not seal properly, which made it impossible to remove all the bubbles and after 2 days it fell off.
Good product but came apart after 2 months
a little hard to hear and setup is iffy
Loop is nice for holding, but it decreases the ability for the magnet to hold. With magnet closed it falls of my car magnet while driving. You have to open the ring in order for the magnet to hold a little tighter.
Don't buy this if you expect it to ship/be delivered on time. Purchased twice. Both times a day late. Product is just fine. Just disappointed it was advertised for prime 2 day shipping if they can't deliver.
My phone dropped and my screen protector cracked it does not provide coverage for the front of the phone but it does look nice
Seems like it gives great protection but my touch features didn't work right with it on so I had to take it off.
It didn't like that it cracked my phone a little the first time I dropped it.
Manufacturing was a bit sloppy, left some sticky glue on the inside. Looks better in the pictures, but totally functional.
Dropped my phone 6 months after buying this product and back of case broke off in a chunk
See some moisture inside so not completely waterproof
Cute, but not that durable.
Phone case is half glued to wallet. I thought it was magnetic because half of the side will come up. I almost ripped it off.
Not as fast as claimed
I love that it shows off the back of the phone, but it feels a little plasticy for the price and I didn't trust that it would do it's job in a drop. If I'm going to spend this much I'd rather get an OtterBox. Ended up returning it and went with a different case.
The case is so smooth that its a little slippery. Very pretty though!
I really like this case - The kickstand location doesn't block the wireless charging sensor or adhesive mounting location. The kickstand is a little flimsy but I never had a problem with it. My problem is with the volume buttons - They're flush-mounted with the case and it's really difficult to tell where they start or which one you're hitting. So if you do a lot of volume adjustment without looking at the phone like I do, it's a deal-breaker. I constantly adjust my volume at night in bed (I have a bluetooth sleep mask) and after over a month of use I still hit the wrong button constantly.
Loved it, this is my 3rd one because they always wear through where the metal clip is attached. It needs re-designed.
too tight on device making it hard to take off.
It fits well but it is not as soft as I like, but that is just me, I
I liked this case, it seemed sturdy and fit my Galaxy S8 securely. It worked with the wireless charger in my home (third-party XDesign brand), but it wouldn't allow wireless charging when placed on the wireless charge in my 2018 Toyota that came with a built-in wireless charger. If I took the back of the case off (plastic part), leaving the rubber portion of the case on the phone, it would charge properly on the car charger. But the plastic portion of the back seemed to inhibit the wireless charging. It would sense the charger and say it was charging, but then fail after about 5 seconds and no longer indicate charging and the charger light would blink. So while I liked it, it I had to return it because it wasn't compatible with my car's wireless charger.
It seams to have random issue with connection to calls but play music with no issue
Well one of them worked! The other did not. When I stick it in, my gear shift tell me-bad key. Will have to send back for another one.
Battery had a dead cell.
I love theses headphones. They say in my ears during all forms of exercise, sound good, and are easy to pair. They have been my back-up headphones since purchasing them in May of this year and it wasn't until today that I started using them. Because of that, it wasn't until today that I found out the portable charging case will only charge one headphone at a time (the rear one). Five stars if it charged correctly.
I bought two one works great the other did not work at all looks like a defective plug because the USB cord works fine.
Buttons are extrememly hard to push in this case but I do believe it will protect the phone if it were dropped.
Instructions are clear and I followed them exactly. The screen protector went on easily, but air bubbles at bottom of the screen never fully went away. It peals back too easily, like in your pocket, and then you get dust particles in between the glass and protector. And the protector scratches easily.
I like it but no instructions came with it. and only sticks for about ten days so go I got more than one.
Love the product I just wish the color would last longer
Good fit but thin, cheap and flimsy. Get what you pay for.
Sleek look. Volume controls do not work for iPhone XR connected to Bose QuietComfort 25 headphones
The sounds quality stinks when using it with the aux cord and power cord which defeats the purpose. Would not buy again.
Sometimes the connection between the adapter is not great and causes troubles with charging.
Installation was simple; anyone that can open the battery compartment and use a screwdriver can do this. This item doesn't fit as well as the OEM one, and tends to unlatch over time. I will probably replace it with the worn original one in the near future, as it still 'snaps' closed.
Works for the money, but not high quality
Like this cover very much It is two components The cover & and a rubber insert to give it protection as well Ordered a back up one
Ok for a phone but not for a tablet.
It has worked fine since I purchased the dock in March. Now I get an error saying that "the accessory is not supported." Good while it lasted, now I will be on the hunt for a new dock to use at work.
Looks nice, but the cable pushes on the lid keeping it from sealing/clicking in place. Still serves its purpose, but for the price I expected a lot higher quality product.
Was a 3rd person seller and they literally only sent one head rest, there was no cords, no remote, no earphones, and no second headrest. I got a refund. Very disappointed.
This is NOT a soft touch case. It is a smooth, slippery case that you will probably drop every time you pick it up. I am returning it. Updated: The Smoke/Volt color is the one that does not have soft touch. The others apparently do.
The case has been problematic. It did not fit well and now, the clip that holds the phone to the belt broke. Did not last a few months.
Quality is good, but charge doesnt last very long.
Cracked after dropping shortly after purchase. The phone was fine so it did the job but I bought one of the jelly types after that lasted the life of the phone.
Has not lived up to expectations in keeping my Pixel 2 XL charged. Was surprised to find my battery at 26% after a 2 hour drive. It was even warmed up before i took it into the car (was very cold out). Still had three dots of charge left in the power bank, so not sure what went wrong. I noticed that it had stopped charging though, like another battery pack, so don't know if there's something about the Pixel 2 that makes these drop out or what. My older Bonsai still works well though. If it's really putting out 2.1A, that should be plenty.
These do not last long. The plug into the phone gets loose very easily
Looked good but falls apart easily
What a hassle to file a claim, very long on line process!
Didn't care for it or the quality very much.
Worked great for about a year and then had a major malfunction glad there was no fire.
I bought the whole thing together with the v1p Gen 3. The gen 3 comes with 3m tape. This one comes with crappy no name type. Melted and came off within 24 hours. Its was only 75 degrees outside.
Good material quality but too bulky and doesn't stay closed.
Great cords for about a month then they fell apart.
The power and volume buttons are too hard to press other than that the case is ok.
Didn't pick up solar charge and I was in direct sunlight
Works just like a Lifeproof case, only difference is that call sound muffled. The phone sounds as captivated as it looks, but is great in field test of drops and spills.
Very sturdy but color fades and the front side gets dirty easy.
As expected. Wish it were more water-tight. Moisture can seep in quickly if there's a spill/splash.
Connectivity is limited to a very small area. Full battery charge only lasts about 2 1/2 hours.
This product was great at first but after 2 months of using the tightening knob to keep the phone upright stopped holding it, meaning that the entire arm won't stay up in the position that you want.
The cables appear to be of durable quality. However, the reason I gave only 3 stars is due to the fact that it fits kinda loose when I connected it to an iPad.
Looks nice but can't use wireless charging!
Says it doesn't bubble but I'm getting quite a few that will not go away.
I like the color of this cute case, it's soft not really hard, so it won't scratch my phone, also easy to put in.
Overall this is a good slim case that makes it easy to fit in your pockets. It's easy to install and clean. The biggest problem that I have is that is no longer clear and is slowly turning yellow. I have cleaned it with only soapy water and a soft sponge. I probably won't buy another clear case as it looks dingy and old.
Beautiful color, and easily attaches to watch. Only complaint is even though I ordered a small, it is still too big. Will keep for dressy occasions, wearing like a bangle bracelet.
I like the band, however I ordered ebony, expecting it to be black and it is actually dark brown, which is disappointing.
Doesn't stick very well to phone cases
It's exactly how it shows in the picture. I just got it because my dads phone needed a case so I wasn't expecting much. It's a case that protects the phone, so it does its job.
Good case just yellows
Charged my iPhone 7 to 84% on the first charge. If I paid $2 less I would say it's worth the price. I've paid seven dollars for a back up charger that actually charges your phone. Still good to have.
Light flickers often dimly in upon face. It serves its purpose for the most part
I really like the color but I wish there was an option to get something other than the grey inside liner. The grey just doesn't look good with my gold phone.
Only one cable fits in my Samsung, the other one I cannot get in.
Cute but very stiff. I have a medium size (girls) wrist and I couldn't get it to soften up so it made the Watch lay crooked. Too bad, it's a nice band. It would probable work fine for a larger wrist.
One of the cords stop working after only a couple uses
Unfortunately mine did not come with the little suction cup
Comes with 4, though only two ended up working. Aside from that, great length, doesn't get tangled and charges phones just the same.
Wireless PowerShare doesn't work... It's a little weird because the regular wireless charging does work.... Also make sure you get a screen protector this time.. Honestly I'm a bit disappointed about the power share... This might go back..
Just got the case and I'm happy with it so far. The case feels soft and a little slick. It doesn't feel flimsy though. Edit: Huge negative I didn't realize until I was on a phone call - the holes for the speakers are in the wrong place and it makes phone calls difficult to hear and understand because of the block.
I purchased this rose-gold Kate Spade case for my iPhone XR in March 2019. I expected to get at least a year out of it but the rose-gold tends to turn a dark pink wherever it wears (mostly where you hold it) It's a sturdy case and does a great job protecting my phone but disappointed that it's changing color as it wears. It was pretty when it was new though!
I've dropped my phone a few times and no shattering or scratches but I also wanted a place to hold money, it will barely hold 1 or 2 bills and sticks out, wrinkling the bills. Also, my ID gets stuck in the ID holder. Easy going in, impossible coming out. Magnet comes off sometimes. 3 stars for it saving my phone from cracking, probably wouldn't purchase again.
The fan goes on every 30 seconds or so, with a duration of about 3 seconds...this is not only annoying, but will drain the battery life. I bought two inverters and the fans will be activated when I essentially have no load, and when the units are still cool-to-the-touch.
I wired it into the rear speakers on my 2013 impala with Bose. The signal is very clear and the gain knob works great. The reason for the 3 stars is because the remote wire from the converter doesn't work. My car battery died because the remote signal didn't tell the amp to turn off. I ended up running a separate remote wire from a fuse.
Earbuds connect quickly and sound quality is good. Also a great company who takes good care of their customers
Really on my the fence with this product. Wanted to love it. I even bought two of these so my family could use them but unfortunately, this charger cord only works sometimes. It's just not reliable. I am very careful too and make sure the tip is dust-free before inserting into iPhone. Worst is waking up to find the phone didn't charge at all. Very disappointing product. I'm out my money twice!
I love the look but it doesn't fit well and the bottom corners both cracked within a week of receiving the product. It was cheap so it's whatever.
The part that makes the phone stand broke the second day other than that is very strong
clearly the piece that attaches the cap to the rest of the case is very thin. i broke it just by pulling it out of my pocket.
I expected this to be more on the firm side. Instead, it is clear plastic with an opaque back, not even hard edges for if the phone falls on the side. If I realized how soft it would be I would have continued searching a bit more. Update: Less than 4 months later, the case has started stripping along the sides. After that first chip, the entire thing started peeling, I'd find pieces sticking to my fingers. I've placed clear nail polish on the edges to try to stop it.
I bought this but it makes your screen look pixelated. It adds a privacy affect but it messes up the clarity of your screen really bad.
I broke my tempered glass to time no protection.
Would like it to have more covering to protect face of phone. Have grandkids and scared for them to hand me the phone in case they drop it.
This product was not suitable for my phone . It was very hard to type on my phone with it on.
Has a great, soft external feeling of the case, but did not protect my phone & it kept peeling on the corners. It was a disappointment.
Combined this with another shrink tubing product for maximal protection of my Apple Lightning cable. The silicone rubber is a bit bulkier and softer than I expected, and appears to provide limited bend resistance compared to the shrink tubing alone. Of course, the added diameter of the tubing also makes the resulting spring shorter and wider (blue in photo) than when wrapped around the cable alone (pink). Easy to install though and may provide some protection against fraying. 3-4 stars.
Sound is just not that great
It will only charge our cell phones without a case or with a very thin case. I cannot use it so I gave it to my wife to use. I bought a Nanami and it works great for the phones with a thicker case.
The case is too large for an iPhone 7. If you're okay with the phone sliding around in the case, then this might be for you, but I like the holders to fit the phone more snuggly.
I am very unhappy with this Speck case. It is not at all like the other Speck cases I have. Very plastic, bendable feel. I like the "Speck Products CandyShell Grip Cell Phone Case" the best and I didn't realize this one was different.
This case has changed colors and turned a bit yellow in the lighter areas
These start out fine but then don't transfer a charge.
You get what you pay for. Not the greatest video, but for about less than $20, you cannot complain.
Buyer beware! This is an amazing phone; however it is not completely unlocked! They only work with certain SIM cards from certain companies. I recieved an AT&T programmed phone that will not work with my carrier so I must return it. But the phone is in great condition and was a great switch from my iPhone! To update my review: This company has some of the best customer service workers! They are very efficient and fast!
Band is gorgeous! But somehow, one of the tiny screws came out and the band is no longer functional. Is it possible to get a screw/special screwdriver so I can repair it?
Bought this with high expectation based on the reviews. The sound of these headset are not what I expected. I did get them to sound a little better by using the app on the phone. The Noise cancelation is only ok. I am replacing my older ones and they had better Noise cancelation and sound and were 10 dollars cheaper. However after 2 years the Bluetooth was having problems. I have had no Bluetooth problems with this headset so far. They do look good and feel good to my head. If the sound was better, I would rate them as 5 star. Just good midrange, with muffled highs and lows.
I don't have the exact percentage of failures yet (I bought 2 or 3 packs) and around 35 to 40% of the cables failed in about 6 months. I have given this product 3 stars because the rest of the cables are working well still and because the price for the pack is quite low.
It works only when plugged into my Windows 8 laptop, but it does not emit any wifi for other devices to share. Cannot plug into a separate power source other than the computer/laptop that you need the internet on. So, I returned it to Amazon. Good thing abt Amazon is their easy return, but I wish the product was better described on the sales page to save trouble on the users who are seriously searching for something they specifically want, and the unnecessary return hassle for both buyers and sellers. The description on Amazon page is not clear that this is NOT a hotspot device, it states: "....... requires hotspot"
Cutout for logo is only for 7 plus not 8 plus
I like how I can finally play my own music in the car and charge my phone but it doesn't go as loud as I would like it too. Next time I would look into another product that doesn't reduce the sound but other than that it is good at keeping in one station as well as playing music through static.
So that case is pretty flimsy and the glass screen protector they send with is on the small side but it gets the job done I guess. I'm probably gonna go back to cases though.
Fits just fine. Edges are rough outer case seam.
It stopped working after a week or so but when it worked it worked well
Looks good feels nice good clear case but after a month all scratched up on back
Purchased for my 15yo son. The white color on the use quickly turned yellow and orange
This worked nicely for me for a while - the 2 USB plugs are great in addition to the main plug. My major complaint is that one of the USB ports stopped working about 3 months after I bought it.
The case is thicker than shown in the pictures. It still has great battery life though. The one thing I don't like is that the battery on the case is very easy to accidentally press and not notice. While charging, this can be very annoying, and sometimes the button presses itself while charging your phone.
Product did not come with an FM antenna. The front connection for the Bluetooth (BT) antenna was loose. Had to remove the cover (not easy) and try to tighten the fitting. There was no nut on the reverse side, just a flimsy plastic holder. Not made very well. I was able to tighten it significantly and hope it holds. And the other thing is that the manufacturer obviously can not spell. See photo. Unable to tune to stations, even with FM antenna connected. Still trying to work that out.
A lot of one star reviews but it's better than that. The adhesive is only on the edge but very sticky. No problems peeling up so far. It fits well in my defender case...too well. The glass is cut to cover all of the display but not the bezels on top or bottom. Cameras and other sensors are not protected with this. I like the Spigen tempered glass protector better but it will not fit in the OtterBox.
wrong protector recieved for iphone unfortunately i was not in town and when i noticed it was too late to return
Not really bad for the price. It does lose internet connection when talking on the phone. It seems like that when connected to internet and then lose it, it just loses data connection altogether. I would have to restart my phone to get data again.
Very nice case. Feels great. The print wore off in some places after a couple weeks. It did not fit correctly with my glass screen protector. The corner bumpers kept popping the glass protector loose with the slightest touch.
This Mophie has no easy way to take it apart and to insert my iPhone6. This was not explained in the product info when I purchased it. Basically I have to rack my nails to take the Mophie apart in its entirety, not simply lift the top 1/3 of it off and then snap it back on once my phone has been inserted. I tried to respond to the review request from the supplier, but that was unsuccessful. But for $22 should I be all that disappointed? Otherwise it works well.
This is getting installed in a 2005 Sienna Limited with JBL. I was an installer for 10 years on and off, I'm familiar with PAC products. As others stated the instructions make the item more confusing than it needs to be. After hours, and hours of tinkering, this really should have taken an hour to install, 2 tops. After installing this into the Sienna, I've gotten the front speakers to work but the rear speakers just don't work. The steering wheel controls don't work either. I understand that Toyota made it very difficult to add an aftermarket radio into this, but you promised a solution. Maybe I'm doing something wrong, so I've reached out to tech support, still awaiting. I will revise review based on resolution from PAC.
Cute design but bulky look
Breaks/chips too easily.
If you have some level of expertise in installing these, and/or you are not at all anal about it being close to perfect- then by all means I would recommend this screen protector. It's strong and durable and looks great (IF you can install it just right). However there are SO MANY competitors out there now with as good products but ALSO include some sort of frame or guide or other system to apply it perfectly aligned. I will be using those products until/unless Spigen updates their version to include that sort of thing. I emailed them making a suggestion to offer such an installation system at an additional charge for people like me that are not experts of installation, yet want it to be perfectly aligned. I'd be thrilled to pay a few bucks more for such an option. My .02
The screen protector was easy to install and fit well, except at the top and the touch screen did not respond as well after installation. I dropped it and it literally fell off.
Not big enough for IPhone Max with battery case. Belt clip came off within first two weeks.
Stopped working for me after a month
The phone case arrived quickly. It is protective but scratches easily.
Very useful. Wish could have more tiles connected to cell. Luggage, carry-on, purse, wallet, alone requires 4. Is there anyway to add more to cell?
The package was from an unknown Chinese manufacturer with images depicting another phone entirely and instructions that, while mostly clear, did not even pertain to the packaged contents. Like many other purchasers, my screen protector has not adhered well around the edges, leaving a noticeable bubbled area. However, the vast majority of the adhesive has set properly. Overall, the product is okay and definitely better than leaving your screen unprotected. Is it the best screen protector I've ever purchased? No, not by a long shot, but for right now it will do.
Not a horrible unit, installs with some effort and looks ok. But the mounts are setup so that the unit sits far too recessed for my taste. Additionally, the included screws for the head unit required a great deal of effort to use with my Pioneer unit. Again, not a horrible unit, but definitely room for improvement.
Even with the reviews about the iwatch magnet issue, I still ordered. Received today and the watch stand won't even stay attached under it's own weight !! How's it going to support a watch !! I resolved with one screw, although I had to go back and use a tapered screw and countersink, or the top plate won't seat properly. C'mon Amir, in the time it takes to drill for 4 useless magnets, you could use one screw and this would be a 5 star stand...
It was broken when I received it
Adhesive gave out only 24 hours after installing. The bottom of this is ribbed and hollow rather than flat. That made for very little surface area for the adhesive tape and it failed pretty easily.
For my hubby, based exclusively on lite-weight-ness. Described as 3.2 oz;, it actually weighs 5.6 oz. Big disappointment! Also, said to be dual-network capable... only if you don't want to put in a memory chip. It's only got 2 chip-slots, and most will want to put in a sim-card and a memory card. If you install two sims you won't have any place tor memory, and the phone only has 8 Mb of memory. Oh, and be mindful that it's only GSM-capable, not CDMA, so half of the possible networks are excluded including Sprint,Verizon,and US Cellular. There went 2 of the 5 stars I would have given it, because it's really a great phone, especially at this price. We didn't fret about switching to ATT or T-Mobile, we used a Tracfone sim-card for ATT and it works just fine. ***** except for the misrepresentation and misleading description.
This product works, but for around $9, it's not worth it. I think a reasonable price to set is somewhere around $5 or even less. It seems to be cheaply manufactured as well. The quality is not that great, to be honest, I only bought it because the cord that came with the backup camera was not long enough to connect. But for those who need one, this will definitely work for you.
I thought this would be a great alternative backup charger for my cell phone but it's big and bulky. I also chose because of the solar feature, but when I received it- the directions say you can use solar in case of emergency but they recommend charging with electricity. I'll keep it in our hurricane kit, but definitely not what I was looking for.
First let me say, I'm a little disappointed that it actually did not come with the stand advertised. I bought this for my daughter's IPod, which it fits, but did not order her another pop socket because the photo looked like it has a stand with it, really misleading because even the instructions has the stand on it. BUT it does the job it is supposed to do. My other daughter has even thought about getting one for her phone. But honestly, for the price, I feel it could be a little better quality.
Chord that came with it broke after a few weeks. It does charge fast though.
The sound cuts in and out depending on which way my head faces even though my phone is on Bluetooth and is within 4 feet of the eye mask at all times.
Feels pretty cheap, but does its job.
It seems fine, but just a little cheap and flimsy. I paid very little for it, so I'm not really complaining.
I like them, but when mine came in the mail, it didnt come with the design or the ear hooks -.- Mine came only with the earphones, the base, charger, and rubber that goes on the earphone.
Fits beautifully but shows dirt way too easily.
Pretty good product, the case has a all around good feel. But im giving it 3 stars because the finger print reader is pretty much unusable with this case.
The touchscreen plastic came right off even before I was able to get this in my phone. It was very frustrating to figure out how to even open the case to put it on. The entire rubber sleeve comes off, then the internal case pulls apart. Didn't come with directions. I have a Samsung J7 Sky Pro and it fits securely, once opened. I did have a screen protector already on so but having the cheap built in one isn't an issue. It could probably be glued back in but with the cheapness of it, not worth it. The case itself is rugged. I haven't dropped it yet, which I will in time, but I'm pretty confidant that it will hold up. If need be, I will edit this review accordingly.
Tried to use it to hold my phone in the car. Had to play with it for awhile before it would hold so taking the phone in and out was tricky. I gave them all away. Seemed like a good idea at the time.
Decent enough phone case, though I've only had it for a couple months and the pleather is already starting to come off where the magnetic tab connects. I'd definitely do a little more research next time and pick up something that won't scratch as easily so the finish doesn't look like a cat used it as a scratching post.
I have to keep pushing it back in cause it wont stay plugged in
This case is great for the first couple of months, but after a couple of drops the paint chips off the case and then the rubber stretches out over time as well. This case is what you pay for; not a bad thing just not a long term case.
The leather seems to be real and good quality. I give it a 3 star because it is very loose where it slides into the watch, on both sides. I probably won't wear it much due to this because I am fearful of losing the watch. For $25.00 I was expecting a better fit and finish. It looks great but I'm cautious...
The very edges of the glass do not fully meet up with screen, so there is a small air gap
Love the s8 pineapple case.. Only problem i have its a little loose around the phone . will try it out for while more .
I have always loved otter boxes and buy them for every iPhone- however this new one has a gap between the screen and the screen protector so it makes a click noise every time I type and it often misses letters as I'm typing.
I thought it was a different type of case but I guess it will do until I find what I want
It's nice until it's all relaxed & won't stay up to hold the phone!
Began to fall apart and pieces were breaking off after a couple of months
It is too pricey for the material quality. The frequency blocks from time to time my radio stations,in and out. The charging time is NOT as fast as I expected and the length of clap for the vent is to short... for my toyota corolla 2016 . I am returning it
My phone is iPhone XS Max,the front class is very easy to install, but the back class is not fit very well, so there are a lot of bubbles in it,especially in the camera area. When I tried to get those bubbles out, it just crack like that pic. Fast shipping tho.
This was awesome fit perfectly except for the fact that it was for the wrong phone so I had to send it back but enjoyed the product ordered a different one in the right phone
I purchased this because I was looking for a pair of wireless earbuds with a long battery life. Little did I know that I had mistakenly purchased a singular earbud. I gave the earbud a try and I really can't get behind the idea of a singular earbud because I have to crank up the volume just to be a able to hear what I am listening to and drown out the outside noise. I was fairly impressed by the 6 hour battery life because I have tried other earbuds that struggle to get over 3. However the sound quality on these is average and they were not that comfortable to wear for extended periods of time.
Doesn;t like some cases on the different phones that i put in this device. but still good unit
It was great til they died two days after I bought them.
If I could go back I would choose a different box or just build my own you'd save money. This box just doesnt let your subs preform to the max and has bad airflow. it works but not worth the money. My old sealed box sounded louder than this does.
Ok but one was broken
The rubber piece doesn't stay put on the top and bottom of the case so it comes open frequently. Ended up buying a different case.
This is the second Premium Leather Belt Clip Pouch Case for Samsung Galaxy S5, S6 and S6 Edge (Fits with Otterbox Case I purchased. I wore the first one out and liked it so I purchased another. The Quality is fine. The issue is the newer one is just a little smaller and does not work with my Samsung galaxy 6 with the Otterbox Defender Case on it. The Defender case is large and it is too tight.
Made Cheaper than the original part but works okay
There's basically no flex to it, but it looks great. I've worn it enough where it should be broken in, but it's still extremely stiff. It's also harder to clip in than others - it feels a little too wide.
It was easy to put in but she awhile it started to look weird. The clear plastic started to change color and made my fitbit smell weird.
Loved this charger at first - so much that I bought another one for my kids and one for a relative. They charged quickly but within a few months, they no longer work. So disappointed.
Nearly perfect fit. fingerprint cut out is not center and the case seemed to arrive slightly defective since the device is not hugged all around the device
I have to take it off and clean the insider of the protector and the watch face weekly. I go to the gym everyday and sweat gets behind the protector and interferes with the touch responsiveness. It definitely saves the watch face though.
Didn't like it not as I expected
one of them doesn't seem to want to charge very fast but other then that they are as described.
Good case but broke after 2 months of use.
Eh this is okay. The sound quality isn't as good as when I don't use it
these are interesting products, i still have them on my phone, however they slip on the camera and air gets under them, so you have to move them down before you can take a good quality photo.
The stones popped out. But it was nice while it lasted
Not as sturdy and durable as I would have like.
Worked only for a short while and now won't connect. When it does connect it powers on and off repeatedly. They contacted me and sent a replacement. So far so good. Time will tell.. Great customer service.
The case is very professional looking. The leather is strong, durable and the stitching is great. However, after only a 2 and a half months the plastic cradle that holds the phone started cracking on the corners, and then split down the side. It will not hold the phone any longer. In fact, my phone slid out and dropped out out of it completely recently. It's sad too because it's such an attractive case.
I purchased this system and when the package came couldn't believe all the stuff you get for the money. Why I am giving this a three star is because I found the signal to be weak. On my Toyota Sequoia the picture at times would jump around and many times display a fuzzy picture. During a long road trip the metal plate holding the monitor to the mounting bracket kept coming apart and falling off my windshield. Think a bit of super glue would fix the issue. Other than these complaints it seem to work acceptable most times. Guess for the money one cannot complain too much. If I was to do it over again might pay a bit more to try to find better quality...
stopped working after 5 months with no warning, worked great before then. sometimes it would shut off randomly while charging, but not so much that it was annoying. it doesnt charge too fast in the sun if you're trying to charge it from 0% but for a little boost the solar panel works fine. If you drop it on a hard surface it may come apart (happened twice, but you can snap it back together) im buying another just like it most likely.
It works to protect the phone
This phone mount has great suction but the adhesive will melt during hot days and you won't be able to put it back on once the glue melts. This is the only phone mount I found that fits a phone with a thick case which is what I need but another problem with it is there is also nothing to release your phone when you want to take it out so you have to force it out.
Nice tool just to have in case you ever need it.
Glad I read the reviews and intentionally installed upside down on my boat. I dont the the spring would be strong enough to hold the cover up.
This screen protector makes it hard for the fingerprint sensor to read your print. Also, the big circle at the bottom of the screen is a little obnoxious.
Wrapped on the phone like it was supposed to, but didn't fit/popped off with every case we tried.
The ones that work, work well. Three in the package, and two still are charging just fine. I suspect poor quality control from the manufacturer, so factor the cost of the duds into your calculations before you buy.
Worked really well for a month then boom one of the speaker went out on me this is my second pair my 1st pair lasted about 2 yrs so roll the dice they sound great and work well just had bad luck with this pair.
Super cute case however it measures too big for my phone.
Great buy and holds my phone great. The only thing is where it mounts to the handle bars it does not hold the spot good, it slides down and I have to pull it back into place.
Good look but not good performance, will return
I didn't use it long because I found a case I liked better.
Overall it's a nice case. I purchased it for my six year old. He dropped it a few times which I expected. The tablet wasn't harmed at all. The piece in the back however stopped turning and the kick stand broke so it no longer sits up.
The product is fine and as good as any other similar charging pad but the circular shaped pads all seem to have the same flaw - you have to place the phone in just the right direction to get it to charge. The stand type chargers force you to put it down in the right way but the circular pads obviously don't so they're not as good.
Could be better. Card slots are too tight for most of not all cards. Finger prints are hard to read in this case
It gives a better grip then most and way better then the phone by itself but, the rear camera is still a little to exposed for my taste.
Because it doesn't clip into place, it falls of at least a few times every week.
The charging plug in has already died. It only worked a couple of months. The cord works with another base.
It fell apart rather quickly, even for a barely there case.
It's a case that looks good but doesn't offer great protection.
The sound of these earbuds are excellent. The problem remains that the signal keeps breaking up no matter the device or number of restarts on the item or device.
However the metal Snags clothing
A little flimsier than I expected but I wear it.
its a good product a lil flimsy but works great when parked
It was ok. The holes were just a tad bit off, not really noticeable. I just didn't like that I couldn't watch some of my tv shows on Netflix because of how dark it was.
Cute case but not what I expected. Color is much darker than the photo. There is a paper cut out inside the case to make it look sparkly on the back. I do like that it's not a hard case. Flexible.
seems to drag a lot more than the one I bought at Tmobile...i will do the job. it was brand new....
Good cheap case the plastic layer is a little thin and flimsy which makes it hard to take off (last one I had cracked while trying to take off) but if your careful and remove the case from the phone all in one piece I found that works best overall it's a decent case Pros: Adds a little bit of grip to a very slippery phone Good price Buttons are still very responsive on the sides Dual layer Cut outs are accurate Slim fit Cons: Plastic is a little thin for my liking Plastic is a fingerprint magnet
I really wanted the larger version of this plotter. But this version fits in my bag better.
Bought this since my kids are constantly losing their charge cords, two out of the four stopped working after a month.
Cute but didnt last long design peeled within a couple months and if you drop your phone its can pop right out of the case. However my phone never suffered any damage.
Product works great, but the charging port is junk. It costs more to fix than the speaker costs.
Cute, but not as pretty as it looks on line
the case is good for the price, but be careful with the plastic ALL of the ones i have bought from this one, the plastic broke from the sides or the bottom from the side of the charging port.
Giving 3 stars only because the color is good, but the quality of the material is very poor. I'd rather pay a little more to buy something of higher quality.
The sound is good and these headphones also feel comfortable. The Noise cancelling is a question mark -- not much difference noticed on background noise (such as engine noises) when ANC is activated. The material quality is also a big question mark. These headphones are brand new, yet, twisting the head towards the controls causes the audio to cut off. So, it's difficult to have consistent sound when doing any activity -- exercise, mowing the lawn, etc. First I thought the cut offs were due to interference with the Bluetooth signal, but it wasn't. Even holding the phone about a foot from the headphones, any movement of the head will cause the audio to cut off. It almost seems as if a wire is about to break, like in old wired headphones. I would not recommend this product for this reason.
can not use this charger in the upright position as it will only charge my phone to about 60 percent. works fine in the horizontal position
Sound not bad. Wire is flat and wide versus what's in the picture. Doesn't have comfortable fit.
It was too small for my Moto E4. The sides are kinda flimsy though. I wouldn't buy this based that. Returned
Not advisable for the cost
This band is much, much thinner than I anticipated. It is also extremely itchy until you wear it in.
Does not hold the phone in place very well and causes intermittent disconnect from the charger.
The ink is not very high quality
Not a lot of help in terms of lining everything up on the screen, and if you mess up, that's it. Tried to realign it after placing it on, and it cracked on the top left corner. Now I have an eyesore of a screen protector. Should be more user friendly with regard to putting it on.
Cute but I thought it had water in it! Makes a lot of noise
Sounds and fits good, but battery time is not very good, maybe one hour to 45 minutes, then one ear went out.
Not what I expected, too flimsy
It's a nice case only down fall is the buttons on the side of the phone are hard to push.
I liked the band but the color was certainly not what it showed
The case is ok no problems is as expected.
It's a fast charger but it doesn't charge the phone as fast as my plug in. It's nice but a fast cord charger is better.
I really like the case so far except that you can't really feel where the buttons on the side are. You go to turn the volume up or down and you really have to try to feel for them.
I was trying this because I liked the look but the functionality of it lacked. I took it off after 2 days.
gave 3 stars because it is a protective and sturdy case, but it is nearly impossible to get off your phone.. i almost broke my phone trying to get the case off.
The product works pretty good, but it's easy to get it all in your speakers. Be careful using it.
I ordered a set of these a few weeks ago and at first everything was great. I love the concept and having something to hook on a finger saved me from dropping my phone both while I was using it and while I was holding it and not paying attention. Unfortunately, after about two weeks of use, the first ring broke. The back separated from the magnet and glue that holds it onto the phone. I was disappointed, but these came in a pack of two, so I popped the second one on my phone case and went on my way. Now, it seems like the ring of my second one is going to fall off any day now. There is a little bar of metal inside the place where the ring turns to stick out from the phone, and it's working its way out of the product, which I believe means that the ring will detach from the piece that's stuck to my phone. This is disappointing to me as I don't feel secure using it the way that I want because I don't want my phone to detach unexpectedly and fall. Unfortunate, because I was really enjoying it while it lasted.
Great product. Very useful. I ordered as advertised on photo long extended arm...they shipped me the short arm. Otherwise worth the purchase
Didn't stick well with my usage.
Box arrived in horrible shape with a number of parts broken. The purveyor does not have parts, but offered a $60 dollar refund. They were very prompt regarding this. The bike works well now that I've fixed it. Beware, the seat does not go very high, I am 5'10" and feel cramped at the highest setting. Tighten the pedals well, they tend to back out. For $160 the wheels turns smoothly and does what I purchased it for.
These are a great buy but don't stay on my head rest very well
I didn't think about trying to use this and my car magnet at the same time so instead of being at eye level while driving it's on my seat or else it will fly open. Other than that - it works great. I keep one card in it and it also works well to prop your phone up to watch videos. Is easy to discolor or get dirty during use. If you try to clean it in any way the color just rubs off and the dirt stays.
Meh. It works, you get what you pay for.
The phone slips off the stand otherwise it works great..i wish i bought the one that i can lay my phone flat that way i dnt have to worry about it not charging correctly
Not usefull for my personal phone
Phone case isn't as cute as the main picture
I rarely use this and have not used in about 2 months. When i started using it again 2 weeks ago, I noticed that the left one has barely any sound coming from it. Have had it for a year and the wires are not tangled ul because i keep it in a large drawer at work. I would rate it 5 stars otherwise.
I was disappointed in this portable watch charger. It was pretty slow in charging the watch. In 10 minutes it increased 1 percent. I had high hopes for it.
It looks so nice and fits perfectly, but within a month or so the edges started to fade and get scuffed
Interferes with glass screen protector. Enter up tossing this product and keeping the glass screen protector on the phone. Was able to find an Otter Box leather case on sale at Walmart. Was disappointed in the red case that I ordered.
Not a fan of touchscreen volume, hard to adjust. Also, it won't keep the current time and I don't see anyway to update the firmware to possibly fix this. I believe this radio was intended for UK market and I wonder if that has something to do with why there is no firmware updates to be found? It's ok for cheap radio, but not something I'd buy again.
The package was way to big for this package.
Sliding door came off the minute I dropped it. I was able to put it back on though. It's convenient and able to hold about 3 bills or a card effortlessly but it's not large enough to store my business card.
It takes a couple try's to get it to work. It's also very hard to get it to charge (you have to have you're phone in a certain position)
This does not glow in the dark
This case is a little loose on the sides, almost like it's a little bit too small for the phone.
Gets dirty very fast and no way to clean it off even with alcohol pads
Wrong case for IPhone 6S. Pretty but too large for my iPhone 6s. So ooooo disappointed. Took several extra days to arrive.
Mixed feelings. We're on our 2nd one. Return was simple and easy. The first, one if the screens went crazy after two hours of use. Got the 2nd and used for the first time yesterday. The AV in doesn't work on one of the players. The sound is HORRIBLE, soooo quiet. If you want the radio on in the vehicle, forget about it. If they're playing two movies, you obviously need to use headphones and you can't hear ANYTHING! I love the big screens, the chargers, easy install, and remotes. If they would work and had better volume, these would be great!!!
Not the color I was expecting
Camera does not store the current date. Resets every time I start the car. Also, the LED Light keeps turning on automatically. There's no reason for this light to even exist, all it is doing is distracting whoever is driving in front of me. I can't imagine it's helping the camera at night, its not like it is any more effective than my headlights on the road in front of me. If I turn it off, it turns right back on.
i think this is a sturdy case, however it's slippery so i drop it all the time and my screen still cracked even with a screen protector as well. the power/sleep button on the side is really hard to push with the case on.
I really liked this case when I first got it - I purchased it in November of 2018 and had no issues. It worked as advertised. By January I could tell that the cover that opens to place or remove your cards was getting a little looser than it was when I first purchased it. I then dropped the phone for the first time and the back came flying off in pieces and my two cards went flying out of the case. I didn't have too many more instances like that, maybe just one or two. It is now August and I have to buy a new case becasue the cover has become so loose it wont stay on and I'm worried I'm going to lose my cards. I'm disappointed becasue it has not even been a year since I first purchased and I already have to replace it. I would not purchase again even though I really liked the design and functionality of it at first. This would be fine for someone who changes cases a lot but not for someone who wants one for the long term.
Not very sturdy. Looks larger in pictures than it is in real life. Serves it purpose okay, but would recommend a larger more stable stand for bigger watches.
Water gets stuck under the screen and i have to remove the screen to wipe the face of the watch. Other than that, i feel my watch is protected well.
Works great for my iPhone 8 Plus but won't charge my AirPods! I literally bought this to try them for my new AirPods and that thing won't charge even though the light flashes on every it's on the charger. Still works pretty great but I wished if it charges faster.
The case is good looking. The case is all plastic/poly I'm sure it provides some shock protection. The rose gold colour is pink, though, not actually rose gold. I also took the case off to charge my phone (for some reason, charging with a case on makes any typing or Swype-ing I do inaccurate. I bought this to hopefully fix that, but it didn't) and the back of my phone came off. It's far too tight, but that might be by design? I don't know. I just know that the back of my phone was stuck in the case and it was a bit annoying. If I put the case back on, I might revisit this review, but I'm considering returning it.
Head phones worked ok but hurt my ears. When it came time to return the product they what to charge you to drop it off at a USPS location or drive 14 miles to drop it off at an Amazon drop off location. Not cool
These cords are nice and work well, but they do not stay latched into the iPhone and easily fall out. Also, they would occasionally not charge my phone overnight and I would wake up to a 12% battery. I'm keeping the chargers, but they're now a backup for another charger I bought.
I wish I could give this more stars. This looks exactly like the picture and it's super cute. I had to use a different nail because the one that came with it wasn't long enough to attach the two pieces together. Other than that it works fine.
doesn't look exactly like the photo. it is definitely pink not rose gold. But it is a strong durable case at a good price.
Chipped very easily.
Pros: it does what it says it will - plays your music wirelessly Things that annoy me about it: -USB to charge, but not play music. I thought I could play music through the USB chord, but no, you do have to use bluetooth. Which leads to the following problems: -automatically starts playing my music (so if I actually want to play an audiobook, or Spotify, or listen to maps in peace, you have to fight with the music app) -not for use with phone calls OR SIRI! I use Siri a lot while I'm driving, but if I want to now, I have to disconnect from this device -if it doesn't connect when I first get in my car, I have to unplug, replug, go to settings on my phone, reconnect on bluetooth, and then start -if you turn the volume up too loud there is a high pitched background sound - very annoying BUT, I am willing to put up with all these little issues so I can actually listen to music in my car. In fact, I am rebuying this because I lost the first one.
Chest-level mount is consistently low on my dog's chest - unable to get it higher - and interferes with my dog's front legs. Mount for the dog's back works pretty well, but tends to rotate around the dog. Making it tight enough to prevent rotation, makes the harness nearly too tight for the dog.
The earphones are convenient to carry, and they work well.
Rubber seal stretches out and case loses water resistant integrity. There are better cases on the market at a more reasonable price.
Not as easy for me to put on as other screen protectors. Didn't last long ether. Maybe a month.
Worked well for a few months. Sound quality is okay. At first there were no problems, but over the last few weeks (headphones are only three months old) they lose the signal if they are more than two feet from my cell phone. For example, the signal is generally okay while running on an elliptical machine if I rest my cell phone on the elliptical's display panel. However, if I put the phone in my gym short's pocket (and remain standing still) the headphone's will lose connection.
So far it sticks well to my dashboard and the phone stays in place in landscape orientation. The only problem is that when you stand the phone up, it does not stay in place and constantly falls over when accelerating. I have an iPhone 7, so the smaller one. I can't imagine having one of the bigger phones in portrait orientation in this thing. It probably wouldn't even stay in place while stopped; forget accelerating.
There are much better cases on the market. This has a good price point though, you get what you pay for
I'm really glad it came with two because the first one split within the first two months
Inside lining ripped shortly after purchasing
Garmin put the wrong charger connection in the box. I tried in vain for an hour or so thinking it was me, but ended up calling Customer Service, and to their credit, they admitted that some of these got out the door with the wrong charger. They sent me a new one. Have not used the product yet. I doubled down and ordered another one because I have two pups that need "limited" bark control, and hate to not have them both under the same program. Will post another review after using it. These are 10 month old Lab pups. Sister and Brother. They only bark at other dogs or something that alarms them, but their Papa does not bark at all...well....only on a rare occasion!
I do like how sleek the packaging is and was pleasantly surprised that it worked for my phone. But the instructions are not clear at all. And not sure how this is better if at all that a regular charger.
Originally it arrived broken, but this seller responded quickly with great customer service and sent a new one out right away.
The smallest snake nozzle falls off all the time and is almost impossible to put back on. I wish there was a way to lower the pressure on the actual machine rather than having to put on these nozzles that fall off sometimes even when placed into locked position. Even the lowest of the 2 pressure settings on the machine is way too high. The product description doesn't tell us which power plug it comes with. This is also a huge drawback for people buying from a different country.
Ok but did not stick on corners long
After owning these a few months now I have some reservations about buying more, the cords themselves are indeed very sturdy but the connector wears out quickly and becomes loose. I have tried them in various items and it is indeed the cable the the phone or echo or tablet that is the problem.
I really like the style and concept of this case- it really tickles my "space military / cyberpunk" aesthetics-- but not my bar for functionality. As other reviewers wrote, it's heavy. But it's REALLY heavy, and the outline is huge. It makes me unable to put the phone in many of my women's pants and even some of my men's pants. Also, I have had no luck getting my fingerprint/ home button to behave, and I must have misunderstood if this case is even intended to be fingerprint compatible. I may pop out the cover on that portion of the case and try it that way. I would only commit to screwing my phone into this case if I were going into a situation where I was REALLY scared of repeatedly dropping it or otherwise having it jostled around, or maybe during cosplaying where I would want to have my phone out- but in character. IT's too much of a hassle to just pop the case on/off. and it's very cumbersome.
The best case ever!! This is my 4th caseology case and it is defenitely not my last! Durable and pretty at the same time. I am so sorry but for some reason this particular case did not last as long as my other caseology cases in the past.. after using it for about a month the finish started peeling.. I am going to have to give it a lower rating than the original 5 stars.
The bands said "Large size". But they were very small in size. Not the size of the large band that comes with fitbit watch. Also was missing a few bands. The bands were okay for fit bands.
It was ok I dont really it much
The product doesn't match the pictures shown. The brown is a much lighter tone.
I am a fitness professional, so I utilize my fitness equipment daily. This product worked great for the first couple weeks. However, I was taking it on and off at least 2 times per day, everyday of the week. So, for the amount of use I got out of it, it did OK. The fabric started to stretch and the 2 different materials began to separate to the point I could not use it anymore. Went through 2 of these in a month, so I didn't buy a third.
This product was okay but after about 4-months the bar broke in half. I have an LG G Stylo smart phone and had to remove the protective case for the phone to fit in the grips.
Took over 8 hours to charge a battery. Charger shows 100% but when I put battery in my phone it only shows 95%. At this point I will need 3 batteries.
Tbh in terms of paint chipping it doesn't last but I'm extremely rough with my phone and these cases from this brand always hold up. I can live with the paint disappearing because I just buy a new one which works because I get tired of the same old thing .
Pros: -The clear design really shows off the beauty of the "panda" colorway -The drop protection is surprisingly good, I've dropped my phone a few times and the screen looks as good as new. Cons: -The case will eventually turn yellow and dingy, defeating the purpose of having a clear case. -The edges of this case are almost "pointy" in a way which can make long phone conversations uncomfortable when holding the phone against your face. -A lot of dust and dirt gets into this case and it can dig in to and scratch the paint on your phone, like it did to mine. Honestly, I wish that I would have bought another case instead of this one. I ended up buying the incipio dual pro to replace this case and I highly recommend it. I've bought other versions of the dual pro case for previous phones and it is fantastic.
This phone keeps turning on and off bad battery life
Was not here when promised but that said. I'm very happy with the product
Good product but the plastic that is over the home button makes it difficult to read your print and 50% of the time you have to punch in your code to unlock
Positive: they work with life proof cases. Negative: they do not charge fast and play out quickly
to small to fit cup holder
Phone case does fit the phone. Only draw back is the quality; the flag is washed out in places. Like the mold or the etching was too shallow.
I bought this on Prime Day 2018. The price was right and the band was cute. It was easy to put on my Apple Watch. My only complaint is that the color has faded quite a bit over the few months I've had it.
They are great but the earpads broke and I can't find just the replacement.
We found this doesn't stick to our dash well. After a few bumps it comes loose. Very easy to get phone in and out of and hold the phone well
The ends are very ichy and rub my writs.
Strong cable does not fall apart like other vendor cables however, after three months, started to get non-charging messages. At the four month mark, The cable has stopped charging all together. I was expecting More than 4 months use for my investment.
Pretty good! Have to move your phone around a tad to get it to pick up. No problems otherwise.
Turns yellow within weeks. It's pretty, but not very protective.
Same as all other glass screen protector. Fits good with my mother inlaws iphone 7. Held up good and doing a great job as a screen protector. I've only used one so far.
I was very happy when I received this product quickly and nicely packaged. The instructions were very clear and I liked the provided stickers to use as "hinges" to hold it center to the phone. I was meticulous to follow directions exactly and have a steady hand. I ended up with a long bubble on each side of the phone. It's like it is just not sticky enough on the sides. So whenever I got to hit a button on the edge of my screen the phone does not register it. Like the letters p,l,a and q on the phone keyboard are very hard to hit. Also I wish it came closer to the edge of my screen, it is just a little to small leaving the edges of the screen unprotected.
Not the greatest with an I phone. Slow charging.
Works but difficult to put on and I used both in the pack to still have bubbles
Great watch does the job little bulky on small wrists
I love the case but there was plastic covering the speakers at the bottom so I can't really use it.
I really like the design of the case itself, especially the way the wallet is designed so that it is not visible to others. I got this case about a week ago and have not dropped it yet. Already the very back cover is not laying right, the upper left corner by the camera sticks out leaving a gap that gets caught on things. Any suggestions to fix this would be great.
Returned for refund incompatibility with my lexus
So first off I do want to state that it is very easy to install and covers the screen. My only complaint is that it seems to come off very easily. I've used it at work and by the end of the day when I look at my watch the screen protector is gone. Somehow it just seems to fall off. I've gone through 3 screen protectors in the span of 2 weeks. Not really sure if I'm just getting it caught on stuff or how it's coming off. I'd say for the price it works well. But I would definitely recommend looking at others if you're an active person that uses your hands a lot.
I was disappointed when I received this because it is made out of a low quality plastic. There is absolutely no way how to figure out how to open the case without following the directions. I've never seen anything like this in my life and I'm not exaggerating! However, once you get it on the phone it is surprisingly durable and the color is good. So my review is mixed --looks good and seems to be durable but the plastic is cheap feeling and hard to figure out how to open
Screen is fine but tools were useless. Ended up having to pay someone to come in with a better screwdriver since the one included wouldn't work to get the phone apart.
This case is sturdy, yet flexible which I appreciate. Three things I don't like is that it has a yellowish tint to it especially around the sides of the phone. I bought the clear case with my white phone because I like the clean look, but it's not really crystal clear as I like. The second thing is I feel like the back of the camera can get scratched because the case doesn't cover the camera. A suggestion to the company would be to make this case to fully enclose the camera (like in a circle) to enhance protection. Lastly, expect fingerprints/oil prints on the back.
The cables keep coming off
Fairly easy to install if you follow the instructions. Only one little bubble I couldn't remove. This think is a fingerprint magnet.
Easy install, looked nice , but was not durable clip broke on holster
I like this case, but it's somewhat difficult to get the plastic bumper part on and off. And once I finally got it on, it cracked after a few weeks, after very gentle use and no drops. I still have the rubber part of the case, which is fine and offers good protection on its own, but it looks and feels weird without the bumper.
I bought this to try protecting my cable since I broke 1 cable before at the connector points. The size fits lightning cables and also MacBook power adapter cables. It was a good concept, however, it adds a lot of bulk to the cable and it unwinds from the cable when you roll up the cables to put away. I think the product is too costly for the value.
Good price ,but several of the crimp sleeves where damaged.
I've had this speaker for almost 3 years, and mostly used it indoors to boost the audio on my laptop via Bluetooth. It was working great, even when my laptop was in an adjacent room (farther than that and it would lose the signal). The sound isn't amazing but it's decent enough quality for what I needed - listening to podcasts, occasional background music while I work, etc. Just recently I started having issues with the Bluetooth. It sounds like it's skipping constantly. Even when it is sitting right next to my laptop, and even on a full battery charge. No issue when it's plugged in directly with the aux cable, so it seems to be just the Bluetooth. Tried turning it off and back on, didn't work. Too bad. Around the same time I bought this, I also bought the Big Blue speaker from Brookstone - more expensive but better sound quality and no issues to date.
Ok might not get it again
This item was way to heavy even for me and I m an outdoors type guy seems secure though.
It fits, and there is no worry of it falling off, but it easily rotates side to side, so if you only use one it will rotate when you turn. depending on your headrest design, this may or may not be a problem.
I bought this case in February and in early September the case broke at the fingerprint reader. It wasn't due to being dropped, so I'm not sure exactly what happened, but the location of the fingerprint reader makes that the thinnest part of the case. I am probably going to get another one because I can't find many bumper type cases that also protect the screen area. I just hope this one lasts a little longer
The metalic part is great! I just love it. The double sided tape that comes with it SUCKS! It comes unglued very easy and I already used the extra plus the one in the second ring. Today I am going to home depot to find better double sided tape.
This thing is super durable and cool. I love the metal kick stand. Trouble is the kickstand wasn't designed with the volume buttons in mind. With the kickstand up, the volume is on the bottom, so you have to pick it up to adjust it. Otherwise, it's great.
More or less, I expected more. The internet slow and does not work LTE or 4G. Slow when changing screens, when writing and searching files.
very thin cracks easily
Not made out of genuine leather. I lost it while wearing it out shopping. I didn't feel it fall off my wrist, I never had a chance to use it to charge.
Love it get so many compliments on the color. The only thing wrong is the grip part will slip out from the case which annoys me and gives me a fear of it breaking in the future but so far okay.
It doesn't cover bottom to protect from water
This case is lightweight, which is what I wanted, but does not seem strong enough if phone dropped. Raised lip is insufficiently raised to protect screen. Thought I would not need screen protector, but I do. Maybe be better off having bought a heavier case or a case with cover and back.
I had to order another with the LCD. I thought the first one I ordered was the correct one. So I need to return the 1st one. Nothing has been opened or used. So please send me a return slip.
These are good headphones in regards to sound for the price. However, I bought these just two months ago and the earpiece just detached from the headband and is not fixable. I have been very gentle with these so that is very disappointing.
I gave three stars because I bought two of these and one of them had to have been defective! It opens super slow, falls off, and one of the foam side pieces came off. The other works perfectly.
It worked well for about a year. Then last month it crapped out and stopped charging. For $10 I feel like it was an OK purchase overall, but I will not buy another one.
Used daily for listening to podcasts and loved how comfortable they were. Problem is they didn't hold up in the long run. The material rubber coating started peeling in the first couple of months. They are just over a year old now and the plastic split at the loop that goes over the ear leaving them unusable.
We bought our daughter a 3DS for Christmas and ordered this case. The case is great with the exception of being able to put the charging cord in the net. It's very difficult to zip up with the cord put in the case and the seams are already pulling because of this. Even when I wrap the cord around the base of the battery to make it lay as flat as possible, it barely fits. I love that there are places for games.
It was good at first but one fall on the ground and my whole screen shattered.
Fits well, though the camera cut out is off-center, like most of these cases. It's quite thin, but that's what I was expecting. The textured pattern looks good and is great for grip, but it seems to catch every speck of dust and crumbs and pet hair in the little grooves.
Fade so soon on color. Not the same black no more. See through some areas. Silvers exposed. Block bezel cant control with ease
The band traps moisture and literally made my husband wrist raw and blister like every time he wore it! He loved it but doesn't wear it anymore for that reason tried to find other bands to possibly replace the original we were unsuccessful! 😔
One week after i switched to this sleek case, my phone fell out of my pocket in a bathroom - no biggie usually - but for the first time ever for me, the screen shattered in the impacted corner, and the case itself cracked on the other side. thankfully i had insurance.
This is my second one of the same case because the covers conector piece broke on the 1st one and i had to purchase another one. So for a broken piece of plastic size of a tip of finger i had to buy the whole thing again
I bought this November 2018 and today it won't charge?? I've tried changing cables but that didn't help! It just Won't charge and yet it says the return window closed in Jan? Only two months? That doesn't make sense! I need to buy a new charger but it won't be this one! So I don't recommend this one to anyone!
The attached cord is not compatible with an iPhone.
For the most part this does exactly what it's supposed to do. Only problem I have is when I am driving the arms will open on their own and drop my phone. I don't know why it does it . I will unplug it so it will not do it while I am driving.
The otterbox belt clip would not hold my phone in place, it keep falling out!
The magnet is not strong at all, can't stay on any car supports I have. And I got great ones.
I'm changing my review to 3 stars. I think that what is lacking is that the documentation for this product is just subpar. So once you figure out how to get the product to work, it does pretty good but the documentation is lacking. Audio quality is adequate but nothing special. For the price that you pay for these headphones, this is probably a reasonable deal compared to other bluetooth options. If you are looking for this really great audio experience, I would not recommend these headphone. If you are looking for reasonable audio quality and functionality at a fraction of the cost of the premium products, this is a pretty good option so far.
My daughter easily broke off one butterfly antenna. It's not what I expected material wise and doesnt hug the tablet it's kind of a loose fit. She still uses it but I think I'd like something better for protection.
It fits the phone really nicely and its very slim. The only problems Im having with this case is that it occasionally starts and stops charging while connected to a lightning cord and that its not properly playing my music while having the Apple earbuds connected.
The case was great but I did not like that it pull up my screen protector so it is definitely not screen protector friendly but great case
It is a darker green I thought but it still is cute and hold my phone
AirPods don't fit my ears quite right. This was supposed to help pods have a better grip, but honestly I can barely tell any difference when using them =(
The sound and quality is good. It's not meant for small ears though and you can only put it in one.
Decent quality for the price. Can only hold 3-4 cards before it won't close nicely. I used mine for just under a year and the spine wore out. But again, cheap.
Just received my smart watch today. The watch seems good. First, the instructions are VERY tiny and you need a magnify glass to read it. I was very disappointed that you can't use Wifi with this one AND my time won't convert from military time to Mountain Standard time. I probably will be returning this watch soon and find something better.
The instructions were simple enough to put this on within 3 minutes or so. Didn't have a problem with bubbles. Only thing I don't like is that since it does not cover the edge sides (which if it did it probably wouldn't stick completely), there is this gap on the sides from where the screen protector ends and the edge screen on both sides, so often when I try to swipe on the edge screen, my finger scrapes against the edge of the screen protector and I have to swipe several times in order to get my edge information to show on the screen.
Did not work on my iPhone 7+ but did worked on my 6+ good for music only
Changed my rating from a 1 star to a 3. Probably not worth the money but still functional.
The case seals fine but the home button on the iPhone will not respond, the phone cannot be used while in the case
No matter what settings you change it makes most of the screen hard as hell to press.
I love this but the tan part on the screen turned blue the first time I put it in my jeans pocket. I've tried to clean it but it's definitely stained. Very protective and otherwise great product!
It's starting to crack in places and the ring keeps popping off.
Great . Good condition and came in on time
head phone jack hole is on the wrong side phone does not seem to fit in the case very well camera and flash are very high in the cutouts to where there almost blocked
The string broke the next day!! I was very disappointed because it was so pretty.
Not HAPPY, stand on back broke shortly after I got it!
I am a man with an 8 inch wrist and this band is too small, really, despite the claim that it will fit up to an 8.1 inch wrist. The only way I can wear it without the annoyance of the end of the band popping loose from the loop is to clasp it under its 3rd notch, which is a tight fit. It's also starting to show some signs of wear, even though I haven't had it very long, possibly due to stretching to make it fit.
Not as cute as I thought it would be in the pictures, but convenient for when I need an ID, a couple cards and a phone.
Too bulky for what they are trying to do.
The color is beautiful but i dont like the id holder its hard to take out my id.
Did not fit as expected
Locked in well at first but now keeps falling off on the one wristband side.
I have to take my phone out of the case sometimes because the case apparently prevents the phone from charging. This would be acceptable if the case were charging, buts it doesn't. It definitely helps being ably to extent battery life, but the inconvenience of the charging issues would cause me to think twice about purchasing again.
I liked the watch very much but the watch stopped working a week after I wore it. The battery life was about a day of wear
Dose not connect very tightly
Love the feel of case. I've carried it for several days without credit cards as and drive license inside. Put 2 credit cards and 1 DL and license to carry. With a few dollars in the case with the cards, it will not close with magnetic closure. So disappointed.
So hard to use volume button and power button other than that it's fine
The case itself is pretty. It's a three part case. Plastic front part plastic back part and rubber middle. BUT I dropped it once, it fell from my pants pocket and the back park broke off.. so if you drop it any higher the caw will probably break. But it is really nice, the marble pattern. It get what you pay for
This is the 5th one I buy. They don't last very long. But I love the way they work. If only they last a bit longer. I would give them five stars.
The look is great, great fit with included eartips. Phone call quality is weak. Great full sound!
The magnet feature came in glued after the first use attached to my cars magnetic phone mount.. I had to use gorilla glue to fix it but now it works fine..
Didn't really like the case but only a personal preference issue.
I would have loved them- if they came in the same Color as described When you order the same color from the same manufacturer you'd think - you'd be getting the same color- but no. That's not what happened They are perfect for what I need- but they don't match.
I like the case with one exception...I can't use my fingerprint scanner to sign into apps with this case on my phone.
Only problem is the adhesive.
Bought this chest-strap heart rate transmitter mainly to connect with cardio machines at Planet Fitness but it doesn't connect with anything. It only seems to work with certain other Garmin products and perhaps a Concept II rowing machine.
The thing I like best about this is the length. I can easily reach my phone from my bed versus a regular 3 foot cord. I tried charging on 2 different devices with this and also an apple cord. the first device was a 32gb ipod and the second is a 256gb iphone 7. I completely drained both 2 times and used the same charge box and plug, closing all apps, so I would get more accurate results. When I charged the ipod using the apple cord it took 1h 41 min to fully charge. With this cord it took 1h 24 min. So this cord was 17 minutes less. But with the phone was a big difference. This is why I gave it 3 stars instead of 4. I guess I would say 3.5, lol. When I charged my phone, the apple cord took 1 hour 19 minutes. This cord took 2 hours and 14 minutes. So it took 56 minutes longer with this cord than the apple cord. That is a really long time when you want to get a charge in. But I might buy again just because of the length.
It's a cute case. Doesn't offer a lot of protection to the front screen of the phone. But it does look nice if you want to change the look on your phone for a few days.
It's only for music.
Had I known that it was going to change colors on the edges I wouldn't have bought it. I took these pictures immediately after I wipe the case with rubbing alcohol. It seems of good quality in general but after you start using it, you notice small things like this. Plus scratches on the back. It's been only two months that I've had it.
I returned because it was huge and I didn't like how it folded seem to complicated, lights were not as bright at I had hoped.
A little disappointed with the protection but did like the design. I have concrete floors so i need alot more protection just in case i drop my phone at home!
Returned because of missing parts.
As much as I love caseology I did not love this case. Yeah it protects but it feels a bit loose. I was able to shake my phone from side to side and I could feel it move just a tiny but.
Yeah these are just okay, I was replacing my original Samsung earbuds, which sounded amazing, and from the description I thought these were the same. They may look it, but the sound output is more low med mono tones, but I guess for the price what do you expect at least they work.
Has no grip. Feels cheap. I ordered one last year for my s6 and this is definitely not the same quality
I ordered this because it had 4.5 stars. I didn't have good luck with it. It's difficult to put together. It comes with pieces that are not pictured in the “how-to” pamphlet. It barely holds an iPhone 8 Plus. The remote control is made of very cheap plastic. One of the tripod legs broke within the first few weeks. I am going into an actual store to buy my replacement.
Tried to open 1 of the prongs. And it broke. But the other ones are still good.
I like the hardness of the protector, as it seems it would actually protect your phone. Problem is, it's difficult to press letters on the edges of the screen. Also, the screen does not stay on. So after less than a week of use, it won't stay on and is useless.
I have had these cords for about 2 months and for some reason the 6 ft and 10 ft cords work great, but the 3 ft cable will no longer charge my device. When I plug it in, it usually says "This accessory may not be supported" and the charging symbol does not appear by the battery indicator. Even when I do plug it in and I do not get the error message, it seems to drain battery life out of my device rather than charge it. This occurs when I attempted to plug it into the Apple charging block in the wall, in the car, and using my mophie portable charger.
Somehow it doesn't fit my ear right even though I tried different cover for it. I just keep dropping it )):
They have ok privacy..could still see screen if someone looking over your shoulder
Good product, wish it was more universal. I have a dash mounted magnetic system already and I still have to use the metal plate due to the position of the pre installed magnets. No big deal, still a great case. Love the design and way it feels
The black finish began to wear off in less that 2 weeks... disappointing.
It was difficult for me to put it on at first so one was ruined, but that's my fault. The protector does seem sturdy so hopefully it lasts for me.
So far, this case is great. Battery charges fast. Case is very slippery, and will take some getting used to. Also, much bulkier than pictured, but I would rather have the bulk in the back verses other battery cases that add length. Seems very durable, made of a hard plastic ***update* I still love this case, and would recommend it to anybody-for the battery. However, I went to take it out of my pocket today and the piece that snaps on the top stayed in my pocket! The clips that hold it on are broken on both sides. I haven't taken my phone out of this case, or snapped the top off since putting my phone in it. My phone is tightly held in the case, so it's not terribly awful, but beware that that part of the case is not well made. Also, the buttons that cover the volume/power buttons are starting to get loose, and will probably break off soon. This is just from normal wear over the past month.
The volume control turns up but the down button does nothing. The right button that puts your phone to sleep doesn't work. Holding the right button long enough will turn the phone of. Charges as advertised
A little large for ear
I just got my pink case cover. I believe I have ordered another case from the same company and it was entirely plastic. This one however, the black is rubber. It doesn't seems to fit my phone 100% accurate and the black rubber is completely covered in pet hair! Not impressed. I like the bright pink though!
worked For 5 months now not working. No response on warranty claim. I should've bought Anker again
The case arrived in good condition and looks just like the picture, but the necklace was broken on arrival, so didn't get to use that. The magnet works great in the car.
These screen protectors are just ok in my opinion. They were easy to apply and they will protect your screen from damage. However, after application and removing all the air bubbles, there are some odd lines that go horizontally across the screen and are very noticeable. They're not caused by air bubbles or anything like that, it's the screen protector itself. You can't see them when the screen is on, so they're not too distracting, but when the screen is off and black, it gives your phone a sort of "dirty" look. I won't be buying them again, but they'll work for the time being.
Product was missing base plate to use with screws. Mounted with foam tape.
The product worked very well and easy to use. Only problem is about two weeks after purchase it quit working. I liked the product so much I ordered another one hoping I just got a lemon. Amazon made it easy to return.
good screen resolution, lightweight. however it sometimes overheats when charging and takes long to charge. the voice unlock is intermittent and face unlock DOES NOT WORK
I loved the color and sparkles! I have always had an Otter Box, but thought I would try something new for the look. I have had it less than 6 months and the corners are loose. The title for the product states "High Impact". I admit I dropped it on my office floor and was not happy that the front cover popped off. The color is rubbing off as well on the back side. For the price, I guess it is an average case.
I don't like the fact they don't plug in good with my case, I had to spend another 10 dollars to get extensions just so I can use them
Too fragile to wear all the time. The Fitbit container is much heavier than the bracelet chains so it is difficult to hold in place to fasten it.
The plastic case is very slippery. Be careful putting phone down screen up, it will slide off any non flat surface. Still the best products for protecting your phone.
This thing does work as advertised. I had no issues using the mic on my earpods and the audio sounds good...but the left side has audible line noise! I know it is not the earpods, because the issue goes away when not plugged into this splitter. Normally you could fix this with a clip on ferrite, but that's most likely not an option here since the cable is flat. If this one ever breaks, I would definitely replace it with of the other ones on amazon that don't have a flat cable. I also noticed that the lightning plug is slightly crooked, so I have to question the build quality. Still, it's a lot better than I was expecting for $10!
You hear a buzzing threw the radio in the backround when the music is playing
The little time this case lasted on my iPhone X it was great. However, I found that cracks started to appear just from normal wear and tear carrying it around in my pocket.
I loved this case until I received my first phone call and I couldn't hear the person and they couldn't hear me! It very unfortunate as I like the design of the case and how durable it was. Had to move phone back to old lifeproof case and order a different case.
Get dirty very easily also affects touch screen some
Was to loose and hard to use the side buttons on the phone.
I purchased this product, which I received promptly and in good packaging. However, only 3 of the 4 cables were iPhone compatible as the product title describes. The 8 in, 3 ft, and 10 ft cables were correct. However, the 6 ft cable was a micro USB cable, which is used to charge Android devices.
This case did not hold up at all. The outer ring quickly separated from the back plate.
Not the quality I was looking for. A piece of Junk! Definitely did not worth the list price.
I love the privacy aspect of these glass protectors. They are well made and smooth to operate. I don't however like the fact that it doesn't cover my whole screen. I have the iPhone 7plus. Again great feel, great idea with the tint, but now I have these two strips of unprotected screen on either side of the screen. And since the protector is darkened the edges are even brighter. Eek
Unfortunately too big for iPhone. No need to return thanx
The case itself was great and was able to fit a few cards in the back. However, after one drop of the phone, the kickstand/ card cover on the back broke. Although this is my fault for dropping the phone, thats what phone cases are for. Before this the kickstand/ card cover did seem pretty cheap. I would recommend this case but you have to be very sure not to drop it as when that part breaks it creates a very sharp edge that is not comfortable to have in a pocket or in hand. All that said, it did protect my phone from a fall of about 3 feet.
Used ever day for 6 months. Battery life dropped off significantly. Down to about 3 hrs from around 5 hrs when first got them. Other than than not bad but not great.
The pen works well they only thing is it's too fat to fit into the iPad case with pencil holder and it's too long to fit in the pencil pouch that attach to the iPad case.
worked well for about 9 or 10 months then the cable stopped fast charging.
Very cute but itchy material.
Screen saver that comes along with it is worthless, doesn't stay on long, a few days then just,falls off?
Earpieces are not universal and non adjustable. Does not offer any kind of noise cancelation that a cheap pair of earbuds can beat. Will be my backups backup set.
The back cover has a tendency to pop off when opened and/or fail to latch all the way. This may have been impacted by heavy use and a few phone drops. Otherwise I found the case to be extremely sturdy and protective.
I bought this because I needed a way to hold my phone in my cigarette adapter. The screw that holds the arm is tight and secure and doesn't wobble like other products. However, the plastic screw that tightens the face plate broke and now my phone limps around like a wet fish. I ended up having to throw this out and getting a different brand because it was unusable after the screw broke.
This case was the cheapest I could find. So, I wasn't expecting much. I've used 3 other battery cases, so I have a lot of experiences with these types of cases. First, I agree with the other review about the charging status LEDs being VERY bright. Way too bright. I find myself having to cover them with my finger (or at one point, electrical tape) because they are so bright. That being said, my 2nd LED actually died and never lit up a couple weeks after using the case. Annoying, but didn't effect functionality. The case worked well for two months. At the price I paid, I'm okay with that lifespan. Now, I can't get the case to charge beyond one LED's worth of charge. So, I can't recharge my phone multiple times during the day anymore. To address the night-time charging that someone else mentioned...it's a design flaw. When charging the case and phone at the same time, it charges until the phone is fully charged. Then, the case is "smart" and stops charging the phone. For overnight, this can be problematic b/c the phone then starts to die even though the case is still plugged in. I've found that the first thing I need to do when I wake up is press the Power button on the case to recharge the phone while it's all still plugged in. I've never had it dip below 75% or so during this time though. My phone doesn't do too much to drain the battery while I'm sleeping.
the case is overall good, it has a nice canvas feel that i enjoy over leather. However, the piece of leather on the right side of it designed to hold the case shut is nothing short of a pain. if you have the phone standing in landscape mode, this strap will usually just slowly move to get in the way. there is no way to get this strap to secure easily anywhere. additionally, when holding the phone (i'm right handed) this strap is constantly in the way of me holding the phone from the bottom right to use, with the corner of my phone resting in my palm i can't slide my hand up the phone to reach things in the top right, meaning i have to use two hands for most basic tasks. if the strap were just a little bit thinner it would be easier to push out of the way and it would make the case a ton better to use,.
Fits, but smaller than other bands I've purchased. I have a larger wrist. Cute colors in the band.
Difficult to "install" properly, hubby screwed the first one up due to a mishap. The curvature of the screen doesn't help, and combine that with the way my phone case wraps around......in the end, this product is a fail for my phone. The coners kept peeling back, so we had to trim the top half inch or so from the screen protector to stave that off. Still was only moderately successful.
Light comes on when ever it wants. Not using. Customer service was excellent and they will refund fully. Love the case, just wasn't right and light was unpredictable. Overall great customer service and attentive to my concerns.
it was ok for a while but the roll over edges lifted with the case on and quickly got dirty
After a month or so of use, the rubber around the volume buttons AND the rubber around the bottom speaker both have broken off of the case. Doesn't seem to be very durable.
This is my second pop socket. It's a great product for people with arthritic hands. My first one had intense adhesion but after much use the metal end piece came off so I bought a new one. The adhesion on my new one is not very good — it slides around on the back of my phone if I hold it too tightly.
It works ok, but is difficult for the phone to connect with it. It takes numerous trys.
I ordered this case in November of 2017. When I received it I was super excited because it looks great and of high quality when you take it out of the package. I had it for about 2-3 weeks and the ring on the back fell off. I never was rough on it or anything it just fell off. Even without the ring I was still using it and I had dropped my phone from about 4 feet and this case actually did a great job on not cracking my phone.
The screen protector was all cracked up. other wise everything else was just right.
Broken corner and I've had it for less than 3 months.
Works as advertised but mounts are hokey. You have to constantly re-adjust alignment to keep screen in sight.
Kind of tedious to have to turn it on and off manually and it doesnt sync with the car as far as that goes but it still does the job and connects rather quickly. after about exactly a month, my phone would connect but music would still be play through my phone and not the car. Called support and they're sending me a new one for free! Probably only reason I'm giving this 3 stars and not lower. It is very small and not in the way but the aux wire plug in is quite fragile so you'll just have to be extra careful when turning it on/off or fixing the volume.
Eh, the case started to tear at the edge. It hasnt been a while since I bought this case, and I didnt drop it or throw the case, but it's having some tears on few spots.
Shows dirt. Always looks dirty
Not as good as it was described. Worst. Pure rubbish!
nice quality, it could stand to be slightly heavier and have a wider base because it sorta tips over when getting your phone or trying to put your phone on it when in bed.
Very durable and saved my phone several times when dropped. The design wore off pretty quickly. Now I have a plain case, but it's sturdy.
Broken in the same day. Waste of 6 dollars!
It wasn't as thick as I thought it was. Also they claim it is leather but it feels like plastic. I'm giving 3 stars because they issued me a full refund and let me keep the product.
2 of the 3 cords worked well, one was a dud. But overall good quality and value for the amount I paid.
I love the case however both of the screen protectors came already cracked and broken which was very upsetting
I bought this to use while snorkeling - but the button kept disconnecting from my phone. Maybe bluetooth signals won't work underwater? I had better luck taking videos and pulling still images off them afterwards.
Locks in with phone case really well. Problem is with the sticky back. Didn't work. Had to replace with my own 3m tape.
The case is very sturdy and modern which was nice but it looked nothing like the photo. It looks more purple and pink and cheap looking.
IT is a lityle bit smaller than my screen, so it doesnt look great... I'll buy a different next time
While the magnets hold strong and quite nicely, the plastic is cheap and cracked easily. Otherwise it would be a five-star product if the plastic was harder.
The phone case is very durable, and it survived a trip down my cement stairs. The only issue I have is that it is too bulky. I hardly drop my phone and in a span of having the case a week, I dropped my phone several times cracking my glass screen protector twice. If a bulky case is no big deal for you, then this is a durable case that is really pretty. Warning though, if your phone takes a hard fall, the front of the case is not very protective of your front screen so you will want a glass screen protector on it. Also the phone case will be heavily scratched.
These are great for summer, but in the winter they freeze and break easy not really very happy.
People that I speak to on the other end say that the volume is too low and have trouble hearing me. Therefore, I'm right back to holding the phone in my hand.
like like the phone it's self, buying a used one I expected wear and tear and wasn't honestly that bad. however 3 months into owning this phone a pink line (maybe dead pixels in the screen?) ran the length of my phone screen, as well as it is a p.i.t.a when trying to charge.... I plug it in and in 8 hours it goes from 15% to 13%
good but wish it had a front cover on it
It only lasted me about 3 months the stopped charging
Functional and cute but not sparkly in the way the picture shows. Has a matte finish.
Not a great quality case. Purchased and it snapped in half almost immediately...contacted the company and they sent a new one right away...unfortunately that one also snapped right in half so I wound up replacing it with a new case.
Product would be great but it doesn't fit my arms. The standard arm band size was too tight. Using the extender made the armband way too big and rendered the armband useless. The company could capitalize with a better way of extending to meet all arm needs. I would consider my arms average size for a man.
Might as wall put your phone in a tiny armored truck. No. Your phone isnt going to get damaged. Ever... but you also can barely use it. IF you can answer a call, good luck hearing anything or having them hear you.
It's a nice case big and bulky if that's what you're looking for just did not fit my phone as well as I expected. It kept making my screen protector on my phone lift up so I stopped using it
It's different and the things that come out are hard squishes
The pins inside that hole the circuit board were about an 1/16th of an inch off, had to trim to make it fit. Everything else is great.
Works fine with my Apple Watch series 3 but will not charge my series 4
The fact that you can plug the watch in without removing it from the watch band is definitely a plus. However, I think that slight gap results in a slightly looser fit that seems to make it harder for my watch to get an accurate heart rate reading. My original TomTom Sport watchband was cracked in one spot, tearing in another, and I super glued it back to full health. Now that I know it isn't indestructible I will treat it much more gently. This watch band is probably acceptable if you are not using the cardio version of the Tom Tom Sport.
I returned it because it had a plastic protection over screen and I wanted a glass screen protector.
they were okay. my boyfriend messed up the first two but I got the third one on fairly easy. it wasn't very durable though and it has already gotten very large bubbles in it
This unit is a monster in size. Covers the whole state and most of the tabs. I suppose this is obvious from the photo. I did end up using this as a front parking camera not mounted on the license plate but in the grille area on a black background where the size is not an issue. The reason I rated this 3 stars was because of its design. It is too big and blocks too much of the license plate. Note: After this review the seller contacted me and offered to address the situation including a refund. Seller seems very good and product is as advertised. It is fairly clear from the photos that this will cover too much of the plate.
Simply design and Good sound
It's much smaller than I expected by the magnet is strong. Might have to return. The sticker started peeling off the back when I removed the paper.
Only used for a few days so far. It doesn't fast charge however, it seems decently made and reliable.
Did not like that the protector doesn't protect the entire screen.
worked well. Doesn't have a deep bass response, but did improved stock speaker sound overall just above normal listening level.
Loved this until it started tearing at my sweaters. Unfortunately had to replace it with something that didn't catch. Otherwise, loved the magnet closure.
For the first few months I thought that these were great. The price was right, the sound was good, the noise cancelling was surprisingly good, and the earbuds fit well and were comfortable. Unfortunately, after a few months of (normal) use the plastic neckband broke (see picture), presumably just from flexing them a bit every time I put them on and took them off. Now they don't stay in place very well, particularly when working out with them. It's a shame really, they still sound great, they just fall off easily and flop around a lot. I'm probably going to buy something else that's similar but a bit more rugged.
The silent switch was broken. But still water proof and that's why I got it. So I'm happy.
I thought the green was metallic. It's plastic. But it's an ok case.
The battery end cover popped up after two days of use and charging. They charge 100% and hold the charge. We have only had them about a week so we don't know much yet.
I purchased this for the fast charge feature because many cables dont support fast charging. the product looks well made . Unfortunately does not support fast charging galaxy Note 9. Checked all settings numerous steps in Settings .nothing will allow fast charging. Plugged in my old single charge cord and immediately fast charges. Tried both cables again multiple times never shows fast charging. until i use old single cable. must be a printing error as these do NOT support fast charging with the usp type c used by the note 9. Not sure if it supports fast charging on any of the other adapters i phone 1 or 2 or micro usb . Basically im disappointed
I absolutely love the look and overall feel of the case and wallet. It fits what I carry on a daily basis and because I hate carrying a purse, I love the strap. On the downside the magnet in the phone case interferes with my S Pen. I have to take the phone completely out of the case if I want to use the pen. I have been trying to find a work around for it. Other than that it's a pretty decent case/wallet.
this is my second order , because I love the first one , but .. this one dose not stick on my car ~~
I like the fact my credit cards don't get all warn out but I dislike the amount of stuff you can put in this wallet, basically one item per slot otherwise it won't close
One of the chargers I got works fine but another one makes a hissing sound when it is plugged in and charging a phone. After I saw this, I noticed that another reviewer mentioned this as well.
I haven't had this case that long and it has already ripped at the handle. If it wasn't for that it would be a great case, but the handle is pretty much the only reason I bought it.
The product works well for the first day or maybe 2, then the 360 rotation becomes a problem. The tension wears out completely slowing the phone to continue to rotate when you'd like it to be sturdy. Once that happens, the product is basically unforgivable and useless. The free rotation Kills the cell stand function. I had to removed the thing from my sell.
A little bulkie looking, but I like that you can keep your credit card or ATM card in it.
Don't waste your money on this doesn't hold my Note 8
Very nice looking but a bit on the heavy side compared to original fitbit band. Would be good for dressy occasion but not to wear every day if weight on your arm bothers you.
Loved the idea of this especially since it matched the red iPhone, but my screen protector isn't protected. Had it less then a month and will now need to replace my new screen protector. Not raised enough in the front so that the screen protector touches whatever surface when placed facedown.
Sounds really good for 2-3 months. That's usually when the right earbud goes dead due to a broken wire connecting it to the neckpiece. I've gone through 3 pair.
Bought this for my son and his favorite color is bright red. This is more of a pink. It actually looks pink and gray.
Was very happy how it stuck on the dash amazing grip! My iPhone 6 Plus with a battery case would not stay in. Kept falling out when I accelerated.
This is my second one purchased from this company. The design is really beautiful if you are looking for something a little fun and it did last me more than one year before the sides broke off.
doesn't stay charged long
I bought and installed this item This product is more dash cam than backup cam. Cons The video washes out during the day, you can see a faint video image overlaid with the regular rear view mirror. Because you are binding a larger mirror over your standard mirror, all vibrations get amplified, looking in the mirror while driving on all but the smoothest roads will show a jittery blurry rear view image. It would be nice if a rubber grommet was provided. It would also be nice if a quick splice terminal was included. It would be nice if a micro sd card was included, if there's no card installed the system takes 50 seconds to start No backup cam illumination leds Pros, When it is dark enough to see the video, it is impressive, it fills the mirror and is sharp. Night vision looks very good Image quality overall is very good. Installation is very easy, the camera uses a 4 pin plug to hook up to the main cable. It is much smaller than regular RCA jacks, making the hole that much smaller. Touch screen works well, just as good as any smartphone. I am somewhat pleased with this product, but the intermittent turning off and washed out video make me less satisfied. If this is installed in a van without windows or a rv, the washing out of the image may not happen as much.
I got this case one time and the case looks sturdy and it is solid for protection however my only issue with this case it that when it closes, it does not close completely. Hope the manufacturer will fix it in their next version. Thank you for your time and reading. Have a good day.
UPDATE: So this was an awesome idea while it lasted. I bought this on June 4th and left a review after a few days of use. Its now June 29th and I'm already frustrated. It no longer auto-connects to my phone when I get in my car. My phone detects it because I have my phone set to activate my Safe-Driving App when it detects the bluetooth. But the bluetooth doesnt even connect anymore. It just blinks. I have to press the button and it tells me "auto pairing mode"....but then I still have to go into my phones settings and reconnect it every. single. time for the past week. Half the time it works and some times my phone says "unable to connect". Then when it does connect it will only connect Audio and no longer connects my Calls. Like, literally my phone refuses for me to turn on the calls function. At one point I even was getting a low battery sound when it stays plugged in through the cigarette lighter adapter the whole time anyway? Pretty frustrated now.... ORIGINAL REVIEW: This an awesome product for the price!! The customer service was quick and helpful also. I originally couldnt figure out where the "magnet" was, so I emailed customer service. They emailed me RIGHT BACK and I finally realized it was my error of not being able to tell that the back piece does peel away from the unit (see pictures). *Like most people said in other reviews the "tape" for mounting didnt hold up worth diddly. After first use I came back and it was on the floor. I used my own. I bought pieces of velcro actually and cut it out to match the shape and mounted it that way. So far so good. *People state they can hear me just fine with phone calls even though I have it placed about knee level in my car. My boyfriend at one point initially told me to stop yelling, lol. I can hear everyone clear as well. *Having a BT/AUX that would cut off when I got out of the car was a picky feature that I needed because my aux port is not in a convenient spot in my car. (Previous one I had I would have to dig into the storage under my radio and hold it for 5 seconds to turn it on & off.) This one I was able to plug into the assigned cigarette lighter that turns off when the car does. It quickly pairs back up with my phone (or my bf's) as soon as the car is turned back on. *Only downfall we hv had is my bf paired it to his phone as well and sometimes when I am leaving in the morning it will pick up his phone in the house instead of mine which is right there in the car, lol. *Other minor downfall is sometimes it will only connect for calls and not audio. But easy fix, I just go in and change it on my phone. Overall I am a happy camper!!!
The case was fine it was supposed to come with a Stylo pen and it wasn't in the package. Amazon refunded me and let me keep the case which was nice but I was kind of irresponsible of the third party to not make sure everything was in the package
Works well enough but time shifts to military time and standard time at "will". Clock stopped staying on all the time after a few months. I like the glow from the light and the bluetooth works. Resetting the clock constantly is annoying.
Headphones sound great for the price. Only issue now is that one of the magnets has come loose inside of the earbud and rattles around. If it is not set right, the magnetic latching does not work as expected. This has happened within less than a month of owning them.
I absolutely love this rose gold glitter case for my iPad Air 2. I'm sorry but that's where it ends. I don't like how the case frames the front because it makes it difficult to access the home button, the off button especially, & even the front camera for FaceTime. I knew when I ordered it that I wasn't going to like the stand in the back but I didn't know how hard it was going to be to stand it up, never mind that there's only one position. I sacrificed all these things because I wanted the glam.
Looks nice and is good. The first pocket tends to let go of your item. Consider it for only 2 pockets
Great idea for my teenager but the case lasted less than a month before the case broke- the piece that slides out to store the cards. Bummer An update: customer service was great-they sent us out a new case and we are trying it again. We're 1 week in use and it is working!
Like the case and the durability. Only issue is this case did not come with the little tool to open the case. Luckily I had one from my previous case. Dont know if it was intended that way or just an oversight.
It does what it is supposed to do.
Fits from edge to edge of the glass which is great but, it will limit you to concern cases you can put on it. Taking a selfie is less quality because the front facing camera is covered with the clear glass. Causes images to be more blurry.
The product is not case friendly. It was fine until input the case on it and then it started peeling. The good thing about this product is that it's dark enough to prevent people from looking at my phone. The manufacturer should really test this product durability in all possible conditions.
Not what I wanted based on the quality of the stuff and the sound quality. Very seldom using it now.
I bought these for my five year old. The don't come with smaller ear buds. Had to give them to my older daughter.
does not rise up around edges. i bought this as a gift for my little brother who has an iPhone 8. after taking it out of packaging and putting it on his phone, it almost seems like his phone will slip right out. im very scared his phone will be damaged due this unreliable case
Doesn't stay at the adjusted spot all the time but it works the way it's supposed to by holding phone with pop socket
The product was great the first 4 days and then it got stuck and doesn't want to expand the way it is supposed to.
This is a light weight and less expensive cover. It is not the quality of an otterbox, and sad that we got this instead. It has no cover to protect the charging inlet, which is a huge issue as many I-Phones stop working due to lint in the inlet for the charger. May replace it with an otterbox at some point.
Doesn't cancel sound AT ALL!
Great case if you drop your phone a lot. It will protect it! Downside it's really big & bulky. I often put my phone in my back pocket & it didn't fit very well. Also the coloring of my jeans came off onto the case causing it to discolor & look dirty.
This was purchased for my husband's phone. But it only lasted a few months before it cracked and was unuseable.
thought it might have a better holding stance and be a bit more electronic then plastic , its definitely not what i wanted but i put it to good use !
Won't record they are poor quality but good for their price.
It was okay but its not that sticky, I just noticed when trying to press something and type something, its hard to type. So had to take it out and not use it
Have to make sure its secure on the base
Barely good enough but came with extras.
Had issues using with iPhone XR. While aux cord plugged in and calls were received but the audio would not come through speakers in my vehicle. It also has a message when you plug the T in that it was not compatible with iOS software. I had no issues with the seller as the service was great and on time. I recommend this seller highly.
They work and look good. The sound quality is pretty good. There is a constant background noise they make when you play something with them and the voice of the person who says the ear buds are connected is a little loud. But other than thay they're good.
It looks nothing like the photo. So sad, I was excited to get it and use it. Looks more cheap and not authentic weathered leather.
Never got the chance to use! But packing it away, I managed to pull the bottom part out and can't get back in without some struggle. Someone else might have worked with this item and reviewed it.
Love the color, sturdy, fits my phone well but it keeps popping out of the cigarette lighter. I have to check it every time I use it. It charges very quickly, just annoying it won't stay put.
Great quality. The only downside is was extremely hard for me to assemble when it came to the phone mount it was too tight for me but I made it happen. Next after a week use, the knobs start to get lose therefore causing it to fall down in the middle of my videos. An update, for some weird reason it keeps making a beep in my videos. :(. I can't even use it at this point.
Some of the cables do not connect to apple devices securely enough for them to charge.
One of them has already stopped working
Is what they advertise but really? You get a charging cable that is shorter than my $&*! And does not come with a plug....kinda chep
Holds my phone nicely though I would like the corner clamps to be a little deeper. Installing the electrical is interesting, but if you know your bike you should be able to pull it off. I would recommend installing the hot wire post ignition so it doesn't draw on your battery when the key is off. The worst part of the design is the location of the clamp on the back. When installed on handlebars like my bike it is inconvenient to try to lock it because of the location of the clamp in proximity to the mount.
The S9 I purchased specifically for AT&T support was not cleared of the Sprint network the previous owner had subscribed to. AT&T set their service up to the phone, but could not clear the prior Sprint network, creating issues such as calls from my saved contacts showing the number only, international call errors for inbound and outbound domestic calls, not receiving texts, location identified to be in Chico, CA (not Dallas Ft Worth, no voicemail access and apps not opening or available for install/refresh. The only way to clear the Sprint Network is to obtain the prior owners social security, passcode, and other personal info, which I or Electronic Deals has or can obtain. The phone is being sent back today, and Electronic Deals has been great in allowing for the return. Hopefully the replacement phone is actually cleared and supports only AT&T. 3 generous stars for hoping Electronic Deals replaces the phone with an S9 that is ACTUALLY UNLOCKED, for an overall frustrating and time consuming purchase because of a lack of diligence in advertising a phone as unlocked and compatible with AT&T when that simply isnt the case. Hoping to have positive feedback for Electronic Deals on the replacement phone.
Its a good case, i like the style of it
It keeps my phone dry that's awesome. The bad, the main button on the iPhone doesn't work while it's in this case making going to the main screen frustrating! I can swipe left to set up the camera function so swiping is not an issue. It also doesn't allow me to press for a still picture under water. So the only way is to start a video recording above water, go under water and later that day do phone snap shots of the moments I like. Otherwise I like this thing
Bulky. Don't carry around often, but they work great!
The case with plastic face is unusable. It not only protects the face from damage, but also protects it from use. I bought it especially to go to Central America. It protected my watch face. Could not use it except to tell the time. Would not recommend it for normal use, only for rough terrain use.
*UPDATE - I am upgrading my review because they are sending me another screen at no cost. Hopefully it works and I will give 5 stars. DO NOT BUY!! Spent an hour putting the screen on and there are lines on one side and the touch screen is not working on that side! The screen icons disappear and then the screen goes blank. Took apart and redid it 3x!
I like the protection they give but they fall off my watch after about 1 week. I haven't been able to find any others that stay on either so I did order these again.
Dropped phone and it didn't protect the phone it broke.
It's the best size for iPhone 11 I've ever had. The screen quality is good too! But Hard to get rid bubbles at the edge. I had many tampered glasses and never had this problem before. Half of the edge kinda just bubbled!
good price. don't know about durability yet
Application to phone was super easy but two days after purchase I dropped my phone and the screen protector has already cracked.
Case fits but makes the power button stay pressed down. Can't use, wasted money.
minimal..good looks but not high on protection
Really cool looking case and fits well. I was working on a roof in the heat one day with my phone and this case in my pocket and the combination of the heat and sweat caused the case to melt. It melted and is ruined. Cool case but will melt if in 100 degree weather.
It seemed alittle cheaply made but it worked. Like it wouldn't close all the way into the phone so no way it would withstand water but it was a good product for the most part.
The screen protector fit perfectly with and easy video to follow however, there is a pretty bad rainbow effect on anything white on the screen so it didn't take me long to take the screen protector off. Otherwise it seems to be a pretty good protector
It's nice and slim and seems pretty sturdy. But you can't add a magnet, pop up or ring. Nothing sticks to it!
Case is ok but has an oily residue that has not allowed me to use phone stents with the case. Strange as never had this problem before.
I've dropped my phone several times and been spared an insurance claim. No damage. My only negative comment is that a year later my white case has yellowed (brown on the top that is closes to the windshield when in the dash mount) with exposure to the environment, sunlight... whatever. Its not "dirty" because it doesn't clean up or buff off.
Breaks 10 days after being installed
Do not like it only sticks at the edges and doesnt completely stick right
Everything is in tact, but the product design is a bit silly. In order to take a picture the case must be upside down, so it looks like you're taking a picture with an upside dow camera. I just think it's an inconvenient design.
I love it. Even though only 2 speakers fit my truck they put out a lot of sound.
Your product of the six feet gold Iphone 7 plus charger is not up to par with my expectations. This charger is unable to provide me with a fast battery renewal in my times of need. Although it works, the paste that it charges my phone at is extremely useless unless I am charging my phone overnight. Which according to the Apple Corporation is not recommended. The charger is most definitely not deserving of 5 stars but 3. I hope you can improve on this product so it could be more reliable in the future. This was not worth the price of 13 dollars and 98 cents. I hope this is helpful to your company.
They're ok. If they were a little bigger, they'd work better.
Pretty color and design, but doesn't last. Had this case less than 5 months and the color/glitter is fading/rubbing off and the tabs that hold the pieces together have all snapped off so that it no longer stays together.
Screen cover scratches very easily
They were hard to install. Did everything right but the fit does not allow for small variations around the sides of the protector. That means you have to be VERY careful to align one corner and two sides from that corner to apply it. I will update the review if it falls off as other purchasers have experience.
The good: As a protector the product works great. No air bubbles, increased sensitivity, Extremely easy to install. I really liked these protectors but... The Bad: Im on my 3rd protector in 2 months. Ive used "Glass Protectors" since the Galaxy S5, and have only cracked one protector since it came out. These are weak and seem to crack at the lightest pressure. I guess its still technically protecting my screen, but I dont like the cracked look.
Only after a short time the case broke on the side. Can't be used. Very Poor quality
I would give 5 stars but the clip broke really quick. And the case is too bulky for my pocket.
The cheapest vented sub box I could find. Quality is ok, the carpet by the port was coming off as soon as it arrived. I glued it back on and works good otherwise.
A letdown from one of my favorite brands. They do not live up to their earlier models.
This is an ok case for my iPhone XS MAX. For some reason, it feels sticky when holding my phone.
However, it is not unblocked! I brought it to Brazil and it is fully blocked! How and where should I complain?
Love the design of the bees on this case, but with the yellow color, the edges of the case very quickly got grubby looking from use. Also, when I pull it out of my pocket, nearly always one of the corners comes loose and I have to pop it back around the phone.
Easy to install. Adhesive holds well. Magnet is strong. However the required placement of the metal on the phone/in the case blocks wireless charging. Moving the metal bit enough out of the way results in an unstable phone that either falls off entirely or swings to the side when you turn a corner or go over a bump. If you don't have wireless charging for your phone, then this is great.
I can't really give a fair assessment on this headset because I couldn't make it past the fit and comfort. I'm a bigger guy so they didn't stay on my neck well at all. Didn't fit in my ear comfortably as well. It's a shame because I think they have promise of being a good sounding headset.
in the pictures the case can also act as a stand. it doesn't actually do that.
Can't hold the phone vertically and slips when I stop the car (Not emergency stop !)
The case fits great on the phone. Glass plate for screen was cracked on the bottom when I opened the package
Most important to take with you. Easy to carry.
The suction cup is garbage it melted after only a few weeks of use. I had to purchase a mount that attaches to my mirror
This is a Qi-qualified normal speed charger that can handle two phones. Since several people have asked, it does not charge the Apple Watch; the charging coils are too large. When it is plugged in, it illuminates two bright blue LEDs, so bright that tape alone didn't block them and I had to attach pieces of black plastic. It reliably charges my family's iPhones (8, 8+, and X), although the smaller phones sometimes have trouble aligning to the large coils. The advantage of safely charging two phones at once outweighs all the disadvantages, in my opinion.
Fit is "OK" but it presses against my screen and messes with it. I will purchase Otter Box next time.
Cool designs but very slippery cases
Works well, but doesn't fit well, to big for my ear. It sometimes don't connect to my phone for talking but great for music. I think it may be me, not knowing much about blue tooth.
Update: Loved how dainty the band was and how comfortable it was but it has already broken after only a couple of months. So sad it didn't last longer :( Everything I wanted in a watch band for my Apple Watch at a great price. Super recommended!
Sometimes it charges sometimes it won't. It looks like the position of the phone over the charger is important so it won't get hot and charges the iPhone
Way smaller than the other bands!
Well, after using this case for about three months, I can say it is drop resistant. Dropped it numerous times on asphalt and no damage. It doesn't make your phone over heat. However, The screen protector is easily scratched. And the screen protector doesn't help prevent screen cracking. I had my phone in my pocket today at work and pulled it out with a shattered screen. I'm pretty sure you can't use glass screen protectors with this case because it's suck a tight fitting case. So I never got one for it.
These are ok...sound quality is not the best
We got this cover because we dropped our remote and broke the battery cover. I couldn't find a replacement piece for that so just bought this to make do. The cover is a little too short so the top isn't pulled over the remove, but it prevents our battery cover from coming off so we deal. We can access all the buttons and the excess at the top where it doesn't fit isn't intrusive. It would have been nice if it fit since I made sure we had the correct one for the remote we have, but I'm not going to go through the hassle of returning it when it serves the purpose for which we bought it.
Original: The unit arrived beautifully packaged but with a defective USB jack on the back of the cradle. It is visibly loose. There is no way this should have made it through Quality Control. Frankly, I'm very surprised and disappointed with Anker on this one. I expected much better! Update: To Anker's credit, they responded immediately to my review and sent me a new unit to evaluate. This one works, sort of, but it also being returned. The usb port is secure on this unit, and it will connect my device -- but only when placed horizontally with case on -- or horizontally/vertically if the case is removed. I find this really surprising, because I have an Anker 5w PowerPort stand that works just fine, regardless of case or orientation. Incidentally, I have an iPhone X with a Pitaka aramid slim case. Through my conversations with Anker Support, i have learned that the PowerPort and PowerWave have coils in different internal locations. Unfortunately, it's enough of a difference to impact my configuration. I'm adding a second and third star on account of good customer service, but sadly this charger stand does not meet my needs.
This isn't a very true black. It almost has a brownish tinge to it.
Will leave a trace of the cover on the screen, very tasteless design
I like the look but the loop thing on back is positioned odd. Didnt work well with my hand. Lol...Maybe it will for you!
On December 20th I put this case on my phone and I really liked this phone case until last week (one month later) when I noticed a crack in the back by the camera, now the back is lifting away. Very dissapointed.
This case is O.K.. Although it appears to be quite durable, I don't care for the design being on the outside of the case, as overtime it's sure to wear off. Additionally, I believe the camera could be better protected. I've decided to keep the case because I believe it offers decent protection, however, I'm in the market for a case that is more to my liking.
After a month of owning it the right size stopped working I don't know if it was because of me or because of the actually had headphones?
Air bubbles and space around the edge/corners. I ended up taking this off after maybe a week's use. I hate when there's an air bubble under my phones screen protector and I definitely can't look at my watch every few minutes and see air bubbles.
Just doesn't work. It skips. I need to keep going back. Aggravating. I need to press hard leaving marks on screen. I bought this one because of reviews. I just don't get it UPDATE: They saw this review and immediately contacted me via email. They promptly refunded the money. Customer service was excellent and super speedy!
Does not fit properly. It's too long when I put on my screen so some of my functions won't work unless I push on it really hard
Easy to install but the battery life is not as long as I expected and my sister is having trouble with it. It was a Christmas gift
Out of the box, 1 defected cable.
Great sound quality ... but people always say they cant hear me .. mic sucks!!
The new screen kept popping up around the entire perimeter that the adhesive tape was supposed to secure. I ended up scraping it off and using a flexible liquid adhesive.
Only used one of them a few times, it gets VERY warm when charging. I'm planning to take them on a vacation, but may not leave them charging when I'm gone or sleeping. They don't retract very well each time. Cool idea but not perfect!
Not bad but phone slides in from top the top piece snaps on, but doesnt snap on tight
The shield went on easily and it provides good protection. I have one bubble going all the way to the edge that I can't get out. It does not take long before finger prints and smudges are really noticeable, which is disappointing. But it does a fine job of protecting the screen
Doesn't work well with my phone protector on.
I carry it for all my cards drivers license and it ne
I like the case but wish the snap was on the opposite side. It's also bigger than I expected but I still like it
it dosent keep my phone locked in the middle of the car grip the lock keeps sliding open and i have to slow down while driving
I honestly was very diligent in reading the reviews and was optimistic in buying this product! 🤦🏾‍♀️....it could fit anywhere in my car, and after several hours of positioning and repositioning, it was painstakingly obvious that this product won't fit on my car! I think the manufacturers should state which model cars it's intended for. I have no doubt that it would work in other cars, but for my Dodge Journey, I couldn't position it where I had a clear view of the camera.....! It feels sturdy and the magnet is very very strong! That said, sadly I must return it! Good luck!!!
Update: I received a replacement and so like how it goes on without bubbles. I bought a 2-pack, one for each of my daughter's phones. One of them is already cracked after one week.
It does work but it is limited in reach. TO be honest when you live in the sticks and cannot get any cell service and you all of a sudden get some it is a party. This makes it where we can watch videos. Calls do not seem to come thru though. Not sure why that is, but we wanted the internet and we have it. If you expect it to give you crystal clear all the time service I would not purchase it. If you want a reasonably priced booster and are not counting on it as a stand alone then go ahead and purchase. It is not something you can get and then cancel you internet or TV.
Heavy, wasn't what I expected.
Flimsy, but it does work. I just hope it doesnt break when im driving down the highway.
My phone shattered in this case. Super disappointing.
It broke with in a week of having it. However it was super easy to get it replaced. Received new on yesterday.
Didn't realize these are Bluetooth even though you have to plug into phone. Kind of weird. Don't work on my iPad. Sounds is ok enough.
I had a previous Torras silicone case that I really loved, but it came apart in two spots on the bottom after quite a lot of use. I liked the marble look, but am disappointed in how slippery it is and am afraid of dropping it. It does seem well made. The silicone case felt great and was easy to hold, so I sill probably go back to silicone.
To be honest I haven't used it as much as we thought we would but if you have a flat surface you plan to attach it to it would work fine ours isn't that big of a flat surface which causes a little bit of a installation issue.
Does not fit the screen as it should or as one would expect because they are to narrow which causes the screen to be slightly exposed. Not to happy about that but I needed something to protect my screen as my older one needed to be replaced. I will have to look for another type that fully covers my screen.
As others have noted, the cut out for the fingerprint reader is a bit off center but other than that, case works fine for the price.
first problem was that the cut out on the back of the camera is uneven. This may not be an issue for some people but for me it is so I am returning it. Also, my phone is flamingo pink and while I like that the phone color shows, its not in the description so I thought id share
No longer sturdy after a few uses. Does not stay in place and have to keep turning back towards me when I have on GPS. Disappointment!
This case was great looking. It displays the back of the iPhone beautifully. I loved the metallic red trim. Fits my phone nice and snug. Here is the issues that I had. The trims paint chips off too easy. Its been a month and the beautiful red trim is now a chipped red trim. Second, the case is SUPER slippery. Unless you have a pop socket or something, do not lay in bed with the phone above your face. The phone has slipped and hit me on the nose a couple of times. Its a great temporary case
The speaker opening up by the camera covers half the Speaker. There is a quarter inch square hole on the left lower quadrant that does not need to be there. Also I had to cut a notch in the top center of the screen protector to uncover the front speaker grill. For the cutting and covering up the back speaker I give it 3.5 stars.
Watch is good its the app I don't care for. It could be better.
Doesn't work with Ultimate Ears Megaboom 3 for some reason. Could pair it and control tracks ,but couldn't get audio from ipod Classic.
it only lasted 8 months. It started breaking in the corners, and over a few weeks, it was completely useless, but hey, it was cheap
Well, it does what it's supposed to do. It recharges my phone in the car and from my home outlets. But, when I plug it into a wall outlet the prongs keep falling back flat. I need to hold them up and try to insert them at the same time. Very awkward and annoying. Also, it's not an ideal design. Because of its shape it always covers the second portion of the outlet. You can't turn it upside down because of the shaped prongs.
It doesn't have a on/off button. I like it chargers my airpods. The clip and casing & all the other gadgets that you get are REALLY cool.
Great case, held up well, but I have had it for a few months now and what everyone seems to be saying is accurate. The screen protector stops adhering pretty quickly and you just have a regular phone case left.
Not as Thick in Case Protection as I thought it was to be and needs to have protection on the Front too.
I would like to suggest that they need to aware that the way the product was shipped. It arrived timely when box was open the earbuds were out of it's own box it was ship with one bubble wrap. Since the earbuds were not in it's own box. I was surprised it worked. The sound quality is great. There is no way of making the sound go down lower. I turn my volume on my phone, but the sound is still too loud. Also, you have to wear both headset. The left side bud does not work without the right being on the other side.
Nice phone case. Seems to to the job it's made for don't use the holster (not my thing). Only complaint I have is that I had to readjust my pop socket that I put on it and the green plastic cracked all over.... Have never had this issue before with previous cases, but now my pop socket is placed over the cracks so 1 I don't have to look at them and 2 I am hoping that the pop socket will keep the case from cracking further
ok, just a little weak on sturdiness.
Sadly for me they are easy to lose. The work well though.
Everything seems fine and sturdy and all but the magnet is not near as Stong as you would expect...
Woodworking quality is not great, and the finish has some rough edges and a few places that have been scuffed up. It also does not have any sort of pad or anything underneath to prevent it from sliding around on a smooth surface. It works alright, but it ain't pretty.
I have always had my rubber case along with the plastic clip/ belt clip. When I ordered a new clip it did not fit over the rubber case.
Does the job but not as good as the original battery that came with phone. It works better than the way my original battery was acting after 4 years of use. Still recommend for the price.
Like the case. It's slim and provides great protection. Finish could be better: excess plastic from the mold needs to be trimmed. Kick stand brace is flimsy. Broke after couple of months.
Pretty and strong pop socket to hold your phone up, would not stick to my phone since the beginning. Recommend if you want this pop socket forever cause you can glue it to your phone, or you can use duct tape, which I am.
It is not very high quality. Works for what I wanted it for though.
I was skeptical to buy this case because I've always used lifeproof cases and honestly wasn't paying too close of attention when I purchased it. It looked like a lifeproof, price was awesome. Well I've had it since August. It broke first by the quiet switch. It's still hanging on but my phone isn't waterproof anymore. Then last night, the case cracked again by the charging port. I figured it was from rough handling but Ive dropped my phone when it was in a lifeproof case and it never ever broke like this. My issue with lifeproof was always the rubber seals around the front of the phone which would break off and that would be after a year or so of use, but it was still fully functional and waterproof. Pros: The price is great. I love the volume twist to switch my phone to silent. The wrist strap is nice as well. Cons: Sound quality. I have to open the charging flap if I call someone because they can't hear me clearly until I do so. The case has now cracked twice in a period of 3 months.
Mine came with scratches on it.... ring part becomes too loose after a few days and not as sturdy It looks nice though
the micro usb end fits nice and doesn't feel cheap cord is thick and doesn't bend easy cheap wiring or cheap insulation.
Great case i recommend getting a gorilla glass cover as well, the fabric however gets reflective as it collects dirt and dust.
Not changing phones often, this has been the best case! I tend to keep phones for 2-3 years, if they don't shatter. The back of the case seems to stay crystal clear so far. The fingerprint reader doesn't have great access if I place my thumb on it at an angle, or don't press in fully. My phone has been dropped a number of times, and still looks perfect. Would definitely go with this brand again.
The cutout doesn't fit the screen perfectly, but that's OK. The protector installed easily with no bubbles. Peace of mind.
I love it I wanted a case that showed off my phone. But I gave it a 4 star because though it had great slip resistant on the sides, top and bottom... the backside can be very slippery but only if your one to be clumsy with your phone a lot. Other than that I absolutely love the case so far... but I've only had it a few days ... sorry no photo as I'm using the phone may update later
This is a great tablet mount, however my only complaint is, I wish the bottom surface area was larger(the area where the 1/4-20 connects). If it was larger it would create more friction. Since this area is small you really have to crank it down tight to keep from moving. With that said, It's almost perfect. Its sturdy and extremely light weight. Much better than the cheap spring type clamps.
So far so good. Charges fast. Works well.
Good cam, does why it's supposed to do. I did have a problem after tweaking settings using IP address that the secondary guided setup would register spaces in my WiFi network name as a “+” , which I assumed was just symbolic to Foscam recognizing the space. I'd finish and notice my camera couldn't get back online. After running setups a 4th time and working with Zion from their excellent responsive customer support, I figured out the + was being added and changing the network name. I removed the + and it worked great consistently! I'll buy more!
I really like it. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars was due to the lousy tool that was provided to remove excess links. It worked to remove 1 rod but it broke trying to remove the 2nd rod. I ended up having to go to a jeweler to get the job done. My jeweler was very gracious and did not charge me but others may not be so fortunate.
I love the glitter in this case!! At times, it may seem like a bit much (it sometimes gets pooled in a corner and has a hard time getting free), but it's very fun! One downside I've noticed with this case is that the hole for the headphone jack doesn't exactly line up, so a little finagling may be needed to plug it in.
Not sure about the protection aspect yet! Came on time and fit the phone!
Great product! The case itself scratches easily though. Everything else seems to work just fine
Works well. Nice color. Don't use it as much as I thought I would.
Flash/light does not work
The charging and mounting worked great, but the release for the phone grip is a button behind the phone. Usually, without a case, your phone can depress this button and close the grip. However, some cases will have a gap near the button such that the button doesn't depress.
They do the job so far
Wow better than I expected
Very cute! Fits the note 9 well.
When hitting the volume up/down button you can feel the give in the case and you can feel yourself hitting the buttons, but not on the power button. It feels hard and I can't tell if I am actually hitting the button or not. Case is really nice though. Very slick.
Bend kinda a weird way after awhile but the quality is still good and still charging my phone well!!!
The case appears very sturdy and the color is gorgeous. I would prefer the rubber layer of the case fit a little more snug.
They are perfect besides the jack gets unplugged constantly
Protects iPhone in a compact design but allows phone's appearance to show through.
Really pretty color, nice quality, fits my phone perfectly, and has pronounced buttons for easy use. I only wish I could fit more than one card in the card holder slot.
Pretty good but the material somehow bleeds or turns darker over time
Second time I bought this product. Gave one to my sister who also got a Samsung Galaxy Note 9.
Good product but too expensive
I really liked it easy to use.
Bought it for my spouse, but it would not fit comfortably around his head. He said it was uncomfortable and can't use it. Now I'm using it, and I have to stretch the band out before I do since it gets uncomfortably tight. I would only buy this again if these headbands were in a larger size. I'm petite and it was still tight around my head. Sound quality, buttons, everything else was decent.
i like the gap on the top of the armband that allows to connect the headphones. i have an iphone x and if fits just perfect. make sure you check the zise chart so you can be happy with the product
You can charge your phone like twice . Almost three
Really amazing headphones for the price. Amazing wood finish. The bass is very punchy and the highs are decent. Connectivity is great, and I could go a good day and a half with these headphones when I'm on campus. The fins of the earbuds tend to hurt a bit if worn for a longer time, even with the perfect size fit; it could, however, only be my ears, and they do provide other types of fins. My only biggest complaint with these earbuds are that it often falls off when they rest on your neck and off your ears, because the control hub (where the volume control and pause/play controls are) are not in the midpoint, but instead more towards your right ear, and is quite heavy.
I was looking for some more usb type c cables to have some at work and at my computer at home. These work really well. My only complaint is that the cables are a little stiff and hard to cable manage, but I'm sure they'll get a little more flexible with time.
It provide good protection for sure and if you have a space grey model then the black is not gonna be noticed that much and it will blend in quite well. The only down side is by daily use sometime you lose the touch sensitivity and afraid by time it will loosen up and this will increase the issue if touch sensitivity, and sure not suitable for swimming or any water exposure as it traps a bit of it and must be dried afterwards.
Love it. Just like the case I had for my old phone and that lasted me 5 years till I got a new phone. So I know this will last me just as long.
I was given great communication from the company and recieved my adapters right on time.
I love the phone case. It looks and fits great. The phone case is perfect. The screen cover was ok. The first one broke while putting it on the phone and the second one will not fully stick to the screen. It works ok and is usable, but not perfect.
It does the job perfectly. Wide angle view. Video quality for day time is very good. There are some lines on the video at poorly lit places. 400gb storage is a nice feature.
Replaced my original battery in my Samsung S5 due to shortness of battery life. The very next day after charging, I found that the phone had fully been restored and the life of this battery more than doubled.
This is my second Torras case, I love this phone case but for some reason it cracks and breaks really easy. Catherine a representative I spoke with asked for a photo I have attached a photo below, I hope to see this case upgraded and hopefully more reliable in the future! Thanks!
I like it but wich the mechanism fit tighter. the charger fits tight in the grommets, but the grommets are loose as hell. I might glue them in later but I really don't like using glue when a halfway decent hardware option would have sufficed.
It's a great product, period! I love the clip and the leather makes it high end looking.
It didn't work for me but my husband will be able to use it.
Very nice product no issues putting it together. Everything is solid metal. Not sure why anyone would complain about a plastic screw holding the lightning jack. It allows for stand to adjust to your case to fit on to it. Easy enough looks nice. Cords not being built into or power is a plus in my opinion. Easy enough to replace a bad cord in the future.
Thank for a good product
Super cute, but I took one star off because it is see through and I was expecting a solid case.
Product was exactly as described. Easy to install. We did however get a bubble in the corner on our phones. But not enough to send back or complain. We are happy with our purchase, and the speed of delivery.
The instructions are clear and the installation process was the easiest I have experienced. The cover goes on right the first time. It seems to be good glass, but not that durable. I carry my phone in my back pocket and within only a few days the glass around the lock/ID sensor had become quite ragged. Otherwise the screen looks great and does not affect app operation.
Haven't used it yet. Grades based on only practicing with it a little.
Very nice looking screen protectors! Looks really nice on the phone and still looks very clear.
Used it to install a BOSS stereo, had to use a file to cut some parts down (the kit is a set of general pieces where you remove/cut off certain parts to get it to the size for your specific vehicle). The instruction manual is somewhat confusing to follow along with at first but once I got the hang of it, everything went smoothly.
This is a great product! I love that it is adjustable and sturdy. It does NOT move once in place, unless you force it. The fast charging is very fast, I'm quite impressed! Most vent clips damage your vent, however this design does NOT. I was sceptical about this bc of my past vent clip I do not regret it at all. Why 4 starts....? bc I cant use it with my pop socket 😭 truly is a great product if you dont love you popsocket.
BECAUSE SCREEN PROTECTOR IS NOT ADHERED TO PHONE, THE SPACE LEFT CAUSES TOUCHSCREEN TO NOT ALWAYS WORK, SO END UP REENTERING INFORMATION. DECIDED TO REMOVE THE PROTECTOR SHEET AND NOW THE CASE IS EXCELLENT. RECOMMEND BUYING SEPERATE SCREEN PROTECTOR THAT ADHERES TO PHONE FACE FOR BEST TOUCHSCREEN AND STILL HAVE PROTECTION AGAINST DAMAGE. LOVE THE CASE ANYWAY.
Beautiful case. Fits well. I did have to remove the case when plugging a speaker jack into the bottom so I ended up switching to a different case, however I do plan on using this case again in the future. The texture of the back of this case can be slippery just because of the materials used.
The battery was able to charge my iPhone 3 times before needing to be charged itself. The battery itself took about 16 hours to charge. Overall it worked how I'd expect a portable charger to work. My only issue would be the lack of color but that is just an aesthetic critique.
Discolored quickly - has a grayish brown think after a while
It's a nice sleek phone case but I don't think it would hold up if I were to drop my phone with it on.
I really like this phone. Amazing value for the money. My only gripe is the video output only goes to 720p. Won't find better for the price. I highly recommend.
I got it for my new phone, it is petty good but it is a little hard it is not soft
This is a very effective power bank, it has slightly less battery power than I wanted, but other than that, it's a great product.
The product was as I expected... Recomended
Pretty good headphones with solid audio quality. I have enjoyed its use for a few months but today one of the left ear speaker just broke on me. I was wondering if I could get a replacement. If anyone could direct me to the warranty department, that would be greatly appreciated. Can provide pics if needed.
Very nice quality for the price. Arrived within 2 days. Pleased.
I love this band! It is dressy enough to wear for work but also casual enough that I can just wear it around the house or running errands! I have noticed since I started wearing it that occasionally my iphone screen will go black out of no where or right after I unlock the screen. I think the magnet in the band has been causing issues with the phone making it inconvenient. Also, if you do any sort of lifting or carrying of objects, I've noticed that the clasp will easily be knocked off center of the band making me worried that it might fall off after getting loose.
I had a cheap case and when my phone hit the street the case exploded, my phone went flying, and landed facedown. She hit and bounce very hard and the screen was shattered in some areas but my phone screen was untouched!
Good flip case wish it would stay closed with magnets.
I am a very avid pokemon go player and play outside a lot! I needed a pair of gloves that would allow me catch those pokemon and these gloves are it!
Works great on the series 1. The microphone holes don't line up perfectly as I assume it's designed for series 2 or 3 but haven't noticed issue. Other than that it fits great and is well made and a good look. Only issue for me Is it is REALLY tough to push the band release button so if you change bands often you might be disappointed. It definitely works just pretty tough to get it to release the band.
Not bad for the price. Sound is clear and good bass. Battery kinda sucks but look at the size of it
It looked more shinier in the picture and in real life it's not as bright
Long lasting and sturdy!
It's such a cute and durable cover. My only complaint is that it only slides through 1 watch band. Making the side with ears easy to knock over. It was a pain to wear at Disney. I had to constantly be flipping it back. But it was good material and very cute. If not for that only flaw.
Nice case overall. Responsive buttons. Good feel in the hand. The silver color just looks "off" to me, not quite what site color looked like.
Good product at a good price.
Band fits and looks nice! Worth the money.
This is a very good quality corded headset that could be used for any laptop, desktop, TV or any other audio devices. Yes, it has mute feature and voice control. It offers a great sound quality at its price point. It gives you the private entertainment of ear-pleasing sound without disturbing others or you from surrounding noise. Its noise-canceling feature is very good. Earmuffs are soft and comfortable for extended use. It doesn't require a battery, just plug and play. It also comes with a beautiful hard case to store and carry around with your laptop. It is foldable, lightweight & compact and it as a decent sound quality which could be adjusted with noise control on the computer. I find that the switch and volume control could be better. I find them a good value.
Really like this case for my iphone 11 pro. It holds my phone and all the essentials.
Hard type but very pretty my daughter loved it.
What a great colorful case that is heavy duty quality for a low price. The only downside to this case is that it is open in the front (no cover)
I've been very happy with these in the past but the last couple didn't fit as nicely.
The product is exactly what I needed to cover my front and back of the phone, been using it for a week now and no scratches on the cover as well. Service was excellent!!
These phone rings were really cheap for the quality of the product, and are a super cute addition to your phone, but my only problem is that the adhesive isn't very strong. It sticks to my phone and stays, but is very easy to peel off, and just feels like it'll fall off at any second.
i used these for listening to podcasts and music at my job. battery would last for multiple days and sound quality was pretty good for the price. however, after owning them for 6 months one ear bud stopped working. i still had use of all the features after the war bud stopped working though. overall, i'm not upset about it for what i paid for them and i wasn't exactly gentle with them either.
I like the feeling of this case, it doesnt protect the edges of the phone very well.
The phone is great, as advertised. The only thing I didn't like is that you need an adapter to connect the headphones, which I'm sure eventually will get loss. Other than that, the phone is amazing.
I haven't had the unit long enough for a real review but so far the screen protector and the Spigen case are working well. The big question with screen protectors is do they stay securely to the glass and so far mine is. If it lasts over time I would give it a 5 star rating.
Was good and easy to install.
Honestly did not expect much because we all know how good the Iphone quality is as far as pictures go, but I thought adding this would just make it a little better like the length at which I can capture good pictures. I was really surprised to see that not only did it maintain the quality of the Iphone camera, but it also allowed me to zoom in quite a bit and capture some really nice pictures. If you are my friend you would know what a picture fanatic I am, and this product really brightened my day! Thank you guys.
I'm sure this is a great product for some mothers, but maybe I just don't produce enough milk. I don't have much supply, so it's kind of useless to me. Too bad I had really high hopes for this.
This unit works great.i love having a second USB port in the Explorer..
Well made, confidence inspiring case for iPhone X. I like that the case stick to magnets, however that also means you can't use induction charging without shifting the metal plate to the top/bottom of the case... and I'd wonder if that is safe over the medium/long term.
It was exactly what I ordered
Protected well, although moisture did get in really easy. Mine however didn't last long, but it did it's job. Was wearing watch when arm got hit and screen protector shattered and not my watch face! Sadly it only lasted a month, but went down doing its job!
Been using them for several months and they are light and you can hardly notice them in your ears. Have 2 now, one for both places.
It recharged my iPhone SE twice on a single charge. When recharging the power bank, make sure you use the cord that came with the product.
Great wireless head phones. I love the sound quality. I lost my other pair and these are very comparable.
I broke my iphone screen after only weeks. After it got repaired I put this protection on and no problem. It still looks clear resolution.
It does what it is supposed to do.
The item that I got from you guys broke after 1 month and it says AMC on AMC off AMC on AMC off it never stops
Instructions are very thorough, and it comes with 2 of everything needed (which is rare). Application was very easy and honestly one of the best feeling protectors I've ever used. Feels like I'm using the actual screen. Only issue is keeping dust from sticking to the adhesive side of the protector before you can get it applied. Hard as I tried (removed, cleaned and reapplied 3 times), I couldn't get a 100% dust free application. However, it is bubble free adhesion like the listing states.
This iPhone 11 wood grain case looks very classy and I really like the design of it overall. It was simple to place the phone in the case. It fits well. My only question now is how durable it will be both in time and when I drop it - I needed a case that protects the phone and this one claims to do that. Again, it's very nice looking case.
A little unresponsive using touchscreen through the plastic and the Velcro has to be positioned “just right” to not poke into my arm. Other than that- works great and I'm very pleased!
I like that the case looks just like the picture and it came in a very nice box. I feel that it is a little over priced but we'll see how it holds up. Color is a tiny bit off but looks very similar to the real case. I don't like that it have a chemical smell, I will let it air out for a few and hopefully it goes away.
I like them also no reveiw 4 the workout thing cause im fat. :p
Works great,bu I wish it could charge for longer hours.
I have an s5 replaced to s9 the value is worth the price well made and fuctional Good buy
The top and bottom flex back easily, the rubber is a softer rubber than most 2 part cases like this. but other than that it is a great case, great color, have not dropped it but it seems as protective as similar style cases. and its griped which is good
Installation was a bit of a pain, but it seems like a good product.
The case itself is super durable. I really like it a lot. The screen protector could fit the full screen though, instead of just the visible part. And the kickstand is basically garbage. It broke the first time I tried to use it. All that being said however, I would absolutely recommend the case on it's own. It's as good as any I've ever used.
I like the range and ease of use. The sound quality is not the greatest, but overall provides good value. I do not recommend using if you are also using walkie-talkies near by as the interference is significant.
All Black, fit great even with mods. Wish I didn't have to sand of the bottom bump to remove mods.
It had all the features I was looking for the only thing I didn't care for was the band but I would by the watch again
Works and looks good as expected.
I bought this for my spouse who works outdoors. He really needs a more rugged case for those times but he said he is enjoying the slim build while still having protection for the screen. He has dropped the phone a few times and the case has done a great job of protecting it. The front bumper attaches to the back of the case. He really isn't concerned about the color but the black and blue go nicely with the phone (which is blue). It fit nicely so all buttons and camera work properly.
The credit card slots are very deep and I struggle to get the cards out. But overall the wallet is sturdy and nice
No complaints except now after a few months of having it it gets really hot and whenever hit a bump it stops working and says error. Still good though.
Just received this phone. Very big screen, easy set up. Pretty much like any other Android phone. It's very responsive and has not skipped a beat from my prior lg g5 phone which I sent back due to a warranty issue. I love the 64 GB storage as I'm tired of fighting my lg g5 for room on the phone. Also, the battery lasts forever. It takes decent pictures but I do need a little more time with the camera to write a complete review. Over all a very surprisingly decent product!
Beautiful, thin and protective, but it fell apart after less than 3 months. The silicon peeled off and it cracked on the sides and had to be replaced. UPDATE Torras reached out to replace the broken case, great service! Similar case to the Apple one, at a quarter of the price.
Its easily to view the scratches but it protect your phone good as my husband using it for almost a yr i guess its protect his phone from everything..
Got here on time, great product but where I insert SIM card it's broken as in where you use the SIM card opener a piece of it is missing other than that it's a great product. Battery life could be a little better.
Fit well. Wiring diagram not included but written on small letters on the wires themselves ( wiah i saw that earlier:( ..? )on harness. Installation was fine, had to cut out back end of the old beetle radio slot to make new one fit. Overall happy with product!
It was delivered on time and reached my expectations!!!
bought to replace the battery in my mom's phone that was draining too quickly. The replacement battery seems to drain just as fast, thinking it is the phone and not the battery. Battery works, charges without issues.
This scanner works pretty good so far...I was skeptical because of the price...I do a lot of driving for work, and I go over the speed limit when I'm running late... 😏... it's alerted me to officers I didn't see a couple times already. My only problem is not knowing what the different alerts mean (but I'm sure I can look it up) and I can't really understand the female voice that says stuff every once in a while...
I ordered wrong part
My phone is cracked after using this it doesn't protect your phone that much
what my husband wanted. very happy
Is does not have an actual screen protector built in like i thought it would so that's disappointing, i had to add one underneath, the case was a bit stiff and hard to put on but overall its good im not mad at it. This was a gift for my sister and she really likes it
This is a good product. Good coverage and very easy to install. Only problem i have seen is the touch sensitivity has decreased greatly. Some times It takes a couple of times to get something's to react.
Works great, the only thing I don't like about it is that is shines bright blue when charging. First night I had it in my bedroom at night to charge, the whole room lit up. Kind of hard to sleep with a big, bright, blue room. Other than that, it works great for charging!
Having too many micro USB cables and only 2 lightning cables, I needed an adapter that would allow me to use those cables and not have to remember to always carry one of the 2 that work with Apple products. This way I can also have a spare cable available at work, since my iPhone always seems to run out of battery in the afternoon, and have others in more locations so that I don't have to go looking for the right cable to charge things when I need to.
Handy item to better hold your cell phone. My case has some a slight sand-papered surface, so the strap device has lost its adhesion a time or two, but always sticks back on. I have a magnetized cell phone holder in my car so I placed the strap off center to the back of my phone so it would not interfere with the magnet.
Great fit, nice material and easy to install. Rubbed leather conditioner on band about putting it on, for easy break in, worked great.
Pretty tough to rate sturdiness and durability after two days but I can say it survived removal from the packaging materials. I bought these because my phone was failing to charge on the old cords...now it charges plugged in one way but not the other....phone or cord? Your call.
I love the case. It came just as pictured. The only thing I wish I had paid attention to is the fact that it doesn't come with a screen protector but other than that I love it!
I like the wallet and I can put a small lip-gloss in the zipper but the heart and phone are upside down. I guess that is on purpose??
Product seems fine but will note it's a little small for the 2018 gmc terrain. I expected it to fit like a phone screen protector.
Nice feel , quality product, fits the G5s plus just perfect.
Bought these about 14 months ago. I noticed the plastic starting to crack like 4 months ago. It cracked in three places. Right in the middle on the top and on both sides right above the hinge. The top crack is finally bad enough that I covered it in duct tape to hold on. It would benefit from having some metal braces instead of just cheap plastic, but that's what you get for 20 bucks. Sound quality is ok and they are comfortable enough to wear for 6 hours straight. They fit over my ears ok despite other reviews. Not awful for a $20 pair of headphones.
Great product easy to install
Still got a little bit of dust under the screen even though I was cleaned it thoroughly prior to installation
This is a good and sturdy phone case but that side button is a bit tricky.
I had initially thought there would be quality issues given the price. But after I started using it, the case seems great. The case gives everything as it is promised in the product description. *I like that*
You can hear static noise when loud like my iPod is little higher sound while my iPhone is lower sound so static is more when using iPhone but barely hear it until it's quiet or music beat down
It works, i have dropped phone several times directly on its face. have lost several screen protectors but my original iphone 7 screen remains intact. I have bought several because once they crack in the slightest my OCD wont allow me to keep it on there. Price is good but the glass itself could be a bit stronger. All in all it serves its purpose and does not feel cheap.
I love how it looks, very sleek matte red color and design. Not very durable or protective, but it presumably isn't designed to be. It protects the body of the phone from scratches and that's about it.
I like the slim simple design. I wish there was a definitive way to know if they are working, though
I have a note 8 with a otter defence case. The phone fits snuggly inside. The flap a little short but does grabs the Velcro . Comfortable to ware.
Update: after posting my review they emailed me and are sending a new case free if charge. Great customer service and hoping the leak was just fluke! 😁😁😁 Loved the case had it about a week and a half and it's got a leak... never dropped or anything just woke up to a puddle under my phone 😣😣
Works great for a small area
Very nice looking case. Feels very durable. Buttons are nice. Being one piece, I don't have to worry about it separating. Only issue is that it's too slippery on the sides where I grab the phone. I'm very cautious but it nearly slipped out of my grasp too many times for comfort. I'm going to have to find a way to change the texture of the edges before I damage my phone.
Fits great, I love the look and feel.. however, the screen protector arrived broken in the top left corner.. and the power button presses entirely too easy when completely assembled.. overall I'm only moderately satisfied with my purchase..
There was an overwhelming odor when I received the case. I washed it with mild soup and warm water and sat it in front of a fan to air it out, afterwards the odor was gone!
I use this product for my I phone 6s. A simple phone holder without many features I can easily change the angle, but the hold power is a little weak I think it's okay if you have a regular size phone
If there was an option to give this product a 4.5 stars I would as the screen protector isn't a perfect fit therefore there will be spots on the screen that is not covered. And that goes for both the top and bottom screen. I would also like to note that only the top protector is glass where as the bottom is plastic. Which is understandable and I don't mind. The glass protector is really nice, it's almost as if it wasn't there and it handles prettt well against finger prints. But the bottom one does not do so well against finger prints. It was also a bit difficult to put the protectors on as they aren't a perfect fit so you may have one corner more exposed than the other which may be a bit irritating.
I can't blame the seller. The product probably works great. I didn't read the description and implicit warnings against removing the screen without being familiar with the procedure. I turned a $20 repair into a $200 repair because I tried to duplicate a display/touch screen repair off of YouTube, which apparently is a different, process than replacing just the glass and will wreck your display. I really wish it worked out for me and I could give 5 stars, but I didn't really get to use it. I'll give the seller some credit anyway.
Love the look and fit - very light. Sound quality not great - but definitely good enough, especially for the great price. I would recommend and would buy again! K.B.
This is SO convenient!!! I wish that it stuck out a little further but it is SO handy. The only thing difficult about it is since it is attached to my AC vent, sometimes it makes the phone too cold & I can't use the touch screen. It has also clipped my fingers a few times cause of the spring. That said, one of the best purchases I've made yet! Makes using my phone as GPS SO much easier.
4 stars instead of 5... I really like it but it could have some stellar improvements. The phone case is detachable. It has a good magnet. The color and feel is great. The edging of the phone case is a bit rough. The wallet portion has 10 slots for IDs/cards, but if you fill them all it's to tight to get cards out and the wallet does not close as it should. It has some design flaws but overall I see myself using this for a while.
Versatile phone mount, especially if you can't use vent clips. Even if you can, it doesn't block a vent (which is nice!)
Its like the OtterBox Defender without a screen protector built into the case. If you get the Turquoise, its actaully somewhat more Teal. Very comfortable to hold, but its a hastle to get out of your pocket.
Protects the screen well. Cracks pretty easily compared to other protectors, but it much cheaper.
Fast delivery, pretty band. Stiff for leather but softening up
I really like that the remote parts match the colors of the original Nintendo switch and the little leg is open so we can use it with it. I would love if it was shockproof. I'd need more time to be able to test it and give it 5 stars. I definetly recomend this purchase.
The battery arrived and looked as described and was a great value for the money. The only issue encountered was the terminal used to connect the battery to the iPhone was slightly longer than the original equipment battery. I had to make a slight bend in the battery's terminal post to ensure a proper fit.
I bought this phone to be used in the Caribbean I unboxed it and all seems well and In place.. the charge on battery was 60% which I think is usual for battery float voltage which was on the shelf for a while. I will update this review in terms of performance in a couple of weeks when the phone is placed on local network .
This is a great cost effective product to help my team be more productive and efficent at work. The only problem they on communicate with their own radios. They are not compatible with other radios like Cobra .
Case is great and really thin. Had it on for about a week, and no scratches on the back.. Pretty durable. Not sure about doing a drop test on this, but gives very limited protection, as expected (it being so thin). All buttons are accessible and no issues. Thank you.
I thought the fake leather would look more like leather but it doesn't look much like anything. It's a nice case for the money and I am glad I purchased it.
Pros: The protective frame is excellent. Top notch design and protection. I'm no longer in danger of smashing my controllers to bits on my basement cement wall. Cons: The silicone protective case for is a bad design. The design doesn't integrate with the protective frame so it doesn't anchor well and just slips off of the handle over time. That's OK thought. Just don't use it.
I tried most of the film protectors for the Note 9 and these are about the best. They do attract finger prints and oil but they all do. The pen marks go away for the most part and these are case friendly. I had two defects, one had debris under it and the other had what looked like a dried bubble during the manufacture process. DeltaShield replace them no problem so I really can't complain much. Even so I can't give a 5 star for that but I would purchase them again if needed. Over all I'm satisfied.
The length and quality of the cord are fantastic (so far anyway, I haven't had it more than a couple months.) I love the fact that orientation of the connector to the cable is no worry. The problem comes from the size of the plug that goes into the device; it's too large for most phones with cases, and will probably require modifying the case on most tablets. That being said, it's worth it if you use it with a device that you tend to use while it's charging; it will save your charging port in the long run.
Was a little difficult to get it properly "centered" on watch face.
If you're not going to be using it every day, I definitely recommend this case. It's very nice looking and gets the job done. Because of the price, I would never expect it to hold up everyday wear and tear for longer than a couple months, but I'm happy with the purchase. Would buy again.
I got this to carry my kids phone. It works great for that, and a couple other things too. It has a small zipper pouch for money, and then two large (phone sized) pouches. It is well made, I would give it 5 starts but one of the buttons is less then perfect and seems hard to snap or unsnap. Didn't seem worth returning it though.
This product works great and is a must have for the cordless headset.
Have it on my bedside table, use it to charge my phone overnight. Two issues: it is very picky about exact placement for charging, and when it is charging, a light is always on. Only an issue if you're light sensitive like I am I guess...
Purchased this for vacation since my phone dies all the time. First time I used it I didn't have to recharge it for 2 days. I noticed, however, that as time as gone on I have to recharge it more and more so that's the only thing i'm concerned about. However, for the price it does what it's supposed to.
My new battery charged but kept overheating and old batteries never charged at all.
It is a very good phone case but it can be harder to plug in a thick charger. Other than that is is great and affordable
Overall I love this product, my main problem is it freezes and the battery doesn't last long.
Love the lenses! My only issue is that with the telephoto lens, I can still see a dark circle around my photos no matter how much I try to center it. But can't complain too much. Lenses are great!
Love the clear. LOVE that it protects the corners. Had one come with the phone. Very nice but the corners were exposed and with me that is always where it lands if I drop it.
The wife really digs the glitter, and the case provides pretty good coverage. I don't know how it protects in a drop from three feet on the corner of the phone. Haven't yet installed the screen protector.
It's like a little whip and it stings like heck.
So far, so good! No issues, easy to apply and comes with enough supplies for all 5 screen protectors to be used. There are instructions included if needed and the screen protectors come well packaged!
I like it but it was too heavy
fits well, but doesn't cover through the curves of the face. you can see the edges
Very pretty and sturdy! The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because the piping around the case is peeling off but it doesn't effect the durability of the case.
Just place it on the stand and it charges like a plug-in, except it's wireless. Quick and convenient and no more dealing with cords, looks neat wherever I place it.Love it!
Inner plastic piece broke while trying to disassemble but I had a similar product that work well with it.
Looked beautiful. Covered all the phone. I purchased it in September, it lasted 8 months. Good for the price. The top cover hinged tab broke. Would not stay on.
The color of this is really classy and makes the Apple Watch look more appropriate for business wear than the original plastic strap. My only complaint is that this band is really long which makes it harder to fit properly on the wrist. Overall, very impressed!
I love the look - it is beautiful - and so far (I've had it a couple of weeks) it protects my phone pretty well. I need my phone protected because, due to a medical issue, I drop my phone a lot. My only complaint is, when taking the plastic sleeve on and off over the rubber sleeve, the plastic sleeve seems to be very sharp. Not sharp enough to break the skin but enough to male it feel like it may have broken the skin. The other spot that is pretty sharp is on the right top corner where, on this phone (the LG STYLO 3 plus) where stylus is. But aside from those couple of sharp places, which I filled a bit by coating the edges with just a dab of clear nail polish, this is phone case looks nice and protects the phone great.
Great case, but the rubber has already started coming off.
I like how grippy it is. Does add some bulk.
good quality, fits perfectly. if it only had the pen holder in the right place. it would have been perfect
I love the feel of the case, although it is not real leather, it has a nice feel to it, feels and looks like a quality product. The only thing I do not like is that the buttons on the side of the phone are somewhat recessed now, not as easy to access as I would like. The fit is fantastic, and not too bulky for my purse.
This case is good to show off! But it doesn't work protect your phone but it looks fancy with this case cover! If you want your phone too look good then buy this, if you want to protect your phone then I won't recommend this case! It's gonna break ur phone and it's heavy!
You get what you pay for. That's such a common saying and it's true for this product as well. Pros... it is inexpensive, fits the phone very well(even with the curved edges of the screen, the side buttons on the phone work perfect with he case on, the belt holster seems to be very secure and easy to attach and remove phone from. Cons... the kickstand broke and fell apart on the first use, there are a number of defects (dips, bumps, and frayed bits) on the rubberized part of the case. The cons really should only concern very pick and detail oriented consumers. Over all I like the case especially for the price. The kick stand is still usable, it just lays back a little further than it's supposed to. You can tell the design is wonderful so, in my opinion, all the flaws are production related.
I like that this case is sturdy, although i've Just had it for two days, I hope it's durable.
good case. Would like to see a soft case with the same functionality.
Great value for a refurbished smart phone. No scratches and functions as new.
Very very nice, fits well, kind of hard to wear at first, but you just need to adjust the attachments properly and has a good battery life.
These are kinda hard to get on tbh.. I am an intelligent, well-educated adult but sometimes these make me feel like a four-year-old when I have to put these on and can't seem to figure out which direction it's supposed to go. But once they're on they work well! I've bought 2 other products just like this and this product has been my favorite by far. It helps to keep my AirPods in my tiny ears, whereas without this product the AirPods fall out constantly. They're also super comfy because it's silicone-type material which makes it very flexible and comfortable.
It's 1.5 inches thick with my phone inside, because it's a wallet plus a removable magnetic cell phone case, it's a bit heavy BUT it's well constructed overall. My only concern is that the wrist strap eyelet will tear over time. The magnetic connection of the phone compartment escaped my attention when I selected the case but it works quite well. I'm pleased.
Great screen protector, other than the fact that it doesn't stick to the screen near the edge. It does its job and protects the screen, but in my opinion, it doesn't look nice.
They're good. Used them for door prizes in the bags for my daughters baby shower. People loved it!
I purchased three of these after my initial purchase, I liked it much more than other one purchased. This one stays clamped in place, it may move down depending on where you place yours. Mine is on my dash behind my steering wheel, I just don't trust the suction ones you put on your windshield or dash. It is a little hard to bend, but after where you get it where you need it, there is no reason to move it. I like this one, which is why I purchased four, two for both my vehicles and one for my sister and another for my father. Good product.
It was a little small for my Galaxy Android because I have a protective case on my Samsung
This product was handsomely packaged with good quality tools and new screen protector. Instructions/ illustrations where not a clear as they could be. Would update the steps of removing and applying stick strips of double sided tape. Illustrating: gently pulling both right and left tape strip and what side of the new stick strips are placed down in the case and which end faces the bottom of the phone. Also include steps to remove and replace screen protector.
Get what you pay for nothing special.
So far I like this item. It works with my phone which has a thicker case and seems to grip well. Although I haven't went on a long drive yet. Con: the weight of it makes the vent rotate down that even the adjustment can't overcome. So I put a dark screw in the vent which stops the rotation. Just put it between the vent slats. This isn't a BMW just a Ranger so I'm not looking to impress with my engineering.
Arrived on time, works beautifully.
I love this! I have one in my wallet, one on my keychain, one on my dogs collar one on my cell phone and one on my TV remote. I really wish I could get a second remote for when I go out (keys wallet, dog, phone) but after I inquired I was told it was not possible so, I take the remote with me. I lost my keys once and could not find them anywhere! They had slid way , way down deep in the crevice next to my car seat (not even visible) . I went to my car with the remote and hit the button and beep! But finding the beep required me to keep pressing and, tada I found them! Without the remote I don't think I would have! It's already paid for itself!!
Over all I love this case so much! The silicone is soft and sturdy, it doesn't make it much bigger than the phone already is. My main issue is the condition of the case itself. The first time I purchased this case the paint was damaged and off center. Not too noticeable but still a let down. After the case got messed up by my friend's house rabbit I decided to buy another one. The second case arrived in perfect condition. The paint wasn't scratched or where it wasn't supposed to be. I was extremely content. But after trying to put it on my phone I realized it didn't fit. I'm not sure if they sent me the normal 8 version but the camera cut out cut out my camera so I'm buying the case again and hoping and praying it works this time. Third times the charm. Besides that. I've received so many compliments and smiles from my phone case. I think the only reason I would recommend it to someone or buy it again in this case is because of its authenticity and originality. You can't find this case many places.
This is the first non Otterbox Defender phone case I've used. Therefore, this review might be skewed. To get started with the phone case is much thinner than my other one. That might be good I'll update this review after I drop the phone. The construction doesn't feel as strong as the otterbox. The clear glass piece went on fairly well. I had to fight an air bubble for a little bit. All and all for price it seems to be alright. I don't feel that it will hold up as long as an otter box.
The casing that protects the phone if dropped. Shipped in a timely manner and the price was great!
I have not had problems so far
I feel like Taking this off will scratch my new phone. Also it started changing color and looking dirty within 24 hours.
I would like to thank you for a very good and prompt service with my order I'm very pleased.Thank you very much and have a bless day.
The product was to replace a previous unit I had and it worked just as well as the previous one. Only beef I had was the shipping was managed by Landmark Global and the delivery person just left the package outside the side door of my home - not even within the screen door of that entry, but outside on the driveway itself - very disappointed and disconcerting.
I like this product because it is very solid and sturdy tripod to hold heavier cameras.
Positive: Good value for the price, fits easily with a case installed Negative: As another reviewer noted, there is more space than needed at the top after the glass is installed so scrolling isn't as smooth as desired. Also fingerprint smudges cling to this more than the bare screen.
I really loved the case too bad it did not fit my phone! Great customer service
Works well for voice and text GPS is not as accurate as a normal phone when view on the app.
I bought these for my husband for work so that he can be handsfree in the car. They work great and have good sound quality on both ends.
Everyone of them worked. The tags are definitely hard to find on the card but nearly all are on the center.
good case for the price came on time and works great
These cords are great, but they don't fit into my phone as tightly as other cords do. But they charge my phone super fast and transfers data quick to. They are really sturdy and look really good as they are braided. Much better than the in box cord and totally worth getting for the price. Super long to!
I bought it for my wife. Very nice and easy to hold. It arrived with additional gift, seems like Iphone holder but it was broken.
Very good little RF modules. They are easy to use and work just as expected. However, two of the transmitters did not work, so I could only use four sets instead of all six.
Solid case. Can't get the stand to kick out and case is difficult to use volume and power buttons.
It distorts every other radio station while plugged in. Otherwise it works as described. Update. Customer service is pretty awesome. After 3 star review I was contacted with a recommendation for support and the option of replacement or refund. I just haven't had time.
quick delivery. exactly as I ordered
Good feeling , the quality not really good, but acceptable.
Great phone and fast operating but screen protector needs to be glass not plastic
Lasts 6 to 12 months before they start shutting down and having audio cut in and out. Probably just about as good as any $30-$50 product.
It's as expected. I like the secure belt clip.
Works good and love the color.
Bought.this for my 15 year old. She picked it out. She's had this case almost 2 months & is still happy with it. Keep in mind she is very careful with her phone so can't say much about protection & sturdiness as I don't think she's ever dropped it or anything.
I like that 4 were included and they work fine. The free case that comes with it is a bit flimsy but it was free (part of the combo) so cant really complain about that. Overall good value.
This overall is a good case. Strong sturdy stand (after returning two with crappy stands I appreciate the the quality on this one). Only negatives; very hard to silence my phone (no long finger nails) and the volume buttons are also a bit hard to control.
Nice case but material is a little to thin for my phone. And it does not have a side slot to put money in. And my license and credit card is hard to put in the slots they say you can put them in. I like the color.
I love the uniqueness of the product and I appreciate receiving it in a timely manner.
Easy to install but first one broke after first drop. I'd much rather that than my phone breaking though, so that's why I get multipacks
This battery has extended the life of my iphone. I was at the point where my phone had to basically live on a charger. However, I do not believe it holds a charge as long as the original factory battery did when it was new. Also, this battery seems to get HOT when the phone is in use. If I play an app on my phone for a while and place the phone in my pocket (there is no protective case on my phone) afterwards, I can feel the heat on my leg. It's borderline between very warm and mildly hot.
Great value! It Is a great cover when taking notes makes it feel more like paper! I struggled with applying them but I had three so and for the price it was worth it
Its very hard to get it on correctly but it does stick very good on the edges. I tried a method and it worked the best. Unfortunately it was the 3rd and last screen protector. I feel like its clearer than tempered glass. Wish it was more forgiving on the install. They need to include the best method to install this screen protector.
To bab that lifetime maps is the lifetime of the divice. At which they rate at 3 years. Guess it dose not mean my lifetime.
Everything about these was as advertised, I was really enjoying them until, just outside the end of the return period, the audio quality coming out of my buds became tinny and fuzzy out of the blue. Nothing I have done seems to be able to restore audio quality. Don't get me wrong, I'm not expecting audiophile quality here at this price, but they sound like AM radio right now out of every device I connect them to. Unless I have a faulty unit (very possible here I guess), I'd recommend spending your money on a competitor. [edit / manufacturer graciously reached out after seeing this review and sent a replacement. the new unit is as advertised: solid budget level noise canceling. :)]
The ear piece has to be adjusted to the child's ear.
Good protective case, a little heavy and hard to get off. Overall good purchase
Seems like a good screen protector but have only had it installed a month or so. It doesn't quite cover the entire screen prefectly but it is close enough. Also, it is very reflective so I would have preferred a more matte finish. Other than that I like it so far.
suction cup works amazingly great. cradle leaves lots of room for improvement but works well enough.
I loved the feel of this phone IMMEDIATELY. However, first PAY ATTENTION if you have TMobile or the Walmart family plan TMobile ......Pay attention to the specific bands the phone picks up vs your carrier! I was unaware this phone will not pick up 4G if you habe TMobile. Otherwise phone seemed just what I was looking for.
Cute and great case- flexible casing as well.
I like the hand set / speaker set so when I am off road and communicating with others in our group I can have the transceiver stationary and set the hand set / speaker nearby without having the transceiver attached to my body
It is good for the value paid. I managed to update the maps for the first time .
First attempt in applying came out fairly well, however, all the bubbles did not disappear. Maybe my second will produce better results/
The rubber pieces eventually break off and fall off overtime but would buy again.
Product works fine . Good pic, Easy install if you have basic skills. Its pretty standard. BUT Where it separates it from the others is the company's Customer Service. Had a issue with the camera at month 11 of the 12 month warranty. The camera went on the fritz. I emailed the company and about two hours later they replied saying they were going to send me a new one. Then the next day another email stating it was on its way. Incredible. Really appreciate a company that communicates and actually cares about keeping their good reputation. Will definately do business again based on the customer service.
Fits great I don't like that you can't put the phone with the screen facing out where you can see the display in the belt clip holsters but besides that it perfect and a awesome price
Once is full charged the battery doesn't last very long. Other than that is useful.
It's a very good cell for the price. Do not like that it cannot be unlocked until a year with total wireless passes.
The quality is good. No dislikes
Looks like the picture and works great !
The front protector was missing 😕 and that is the specific reason I chose this case...
They just didn't fit my granddaughter right
We've had the item installed on the phone for over a week. So far, so good. This was the first device I ever did an installation on. I watched several How-To videos before attempting to install. Was super proud of myself when done. I found all the items included in the kit useful. Especially the Guide Stickers and the Dust-absorber sticker. The method using the Guide Stickers I employed on other family devices too, as I found it very useful. Plus the other screen protectors I ordered did not have the Guide Stickers, so these have come in very handy. I guess time will tell how durable the item is. But I'm happy with the product so far.
Cute but flimsy.... there isn't enough of a lip if you have a glass protector on your phone. Be prepared to have you glass scratched to bits. I gave mine away because I don't want my expensive iPhone damaged Their customer service department is excellent and have handeled the whole situation in a very timely fashion and sent me a refund
the screen protector that comes with the case leaves a lot of bubbles so I ended up removing it but besides that it's a great case
Its great just wish it came in more colors
Only problem I have is that if your watching a a video on the headset the sound is a little delayed
I like the case but it won't work with my wireless charger.
Very nice case. Would give 5 stars if it covered the front.
This thing is awesome. I drive a lot for work and use my tablet as GPS. It has been in multiple vehicles, been used on extremely cold days, extremely hot days, and has not fallen off once. Still working even after months of use, but has started to loosen from the suction cup so it moves side to side a bit now.
The screen protector works great! It can be a little difficult to install, but if done correctly, it works great! Air bubbles go away after a day or two if any are left. Just make sure to follow the instructions. They act as good protection for your device!
Great protection. Hard to assemble but worth it.
Great hand feel on the case. Only complaint is there is no "lip" over the front screen that would protect the screen like most other cases have. Had to add an additional screen protector to keep the screen from getting all scratched up.
I am currently using this phone case. It's really pretty. But its thin. The back has shown some wear already. It's also very slick.
Bought this when my original clip busted. Only difference is this clip does not swivel.
These headphones are cheap. Which is the best part about them! Ive had the same pair for 8 months and they still work flawlessly. The sound quality is the best bang for your buck. The only issue is it might speak Chinese and the buttons are kinda cheep. But these are great for school, work, and the gym.
Great quality, design, thickness, and weight, this four stars. One star lost because it isn't the easiest to take off or put on. It gets easier over time but lining up the wholes with one hand is a pain, at first I would just clasp it then slide the watch connection in, but I got used to it and don't have a big issue anymore. Overall, it is a good product.
Awesome product and I will order again. Works great and the braided cable seems to hold up better than the one that came with my phone. This stuff is STRONG and you can't beat the price. Excellent product and excellent delivery service. Work as advertised!
Looks good. Not very bulky. Seems to resist dirt better than previous cases I have tried. It's kind of bland and boring but it certainly gets the job done. I have dropped my phone several times to no ill effect.
reinforce area that draw string goes through son pulled string thru both holes now cant use drawstring due to no place to attach
Great looking phone case. Beautiful leather and masculine looking. Quality throughout.
Works great with my Samsung g7 edge. Use it on my desk at work and at the end of the day, my phone is always still at 100 percent. The only con is that it does produce a slight whistling sound but nothing too loud that some low music can't cover up.
I like that is glossy and very light weight. It does seems to protect but if you drop your phone a lot I woudl recommend something heavier. It's very good looking..
Case was very supportive and did the job.
Perfect cover but the rubber does not fit that tight.
I like that the radar detector came in just a couple days. Very happy with it. Just wish the speaker on the radar detector was a little better not that it's bad but it could come out a little clearer and be a little louder. Over all am very happy with this product.
Nice case overall. Put this on my tmobile J3 prime and the fit is perfect. I'm docking a start just because the volume buttons are difficult to push compared to some other UAG cases I've owned.
The swivel doesn't hold had three the swivels were the first to go even if you leave it in the same position over all it's a good case a little glue fixed it.
It was a gift for my granddaughter and she loves it. All of her friends want to purchase one.
Great protection but dropped it once and it chipped. I bought a case in the Apple store and dropped it 10+ times and never chipped.
It's nice and all just a bit awkward to lock it in place by your self but it does look great!
What happens if someone stole your phone??
Love it. Only problem is that it is a little hard to put in. Love that you can adjust the size. My wrists are so tiny and took off 2 hooks and fits perfect. Easy to switch out the bands and actually stays on
Great product so far, especially for the price. My only complaint is that the edges aren't entirely flush with the screen.
I held off on giving 5 stars until I accidental drop it. With the raised ends, I don't think the screen will ever crack. Was easy to install, it took all of a minute. I bought the blue for my blue Note9, it highlights the blue phone well. I'm typing this with dragon swype and am not having any issues. Enjoy, it's well worth the money so far!
It works good. I wish it had a hinge to adjust the angle. If you use a bulkier case your phone wont sit quite right on here. I use a Note 8 and my case is a heavier durable case. I need the charger to be able to lean back a little more so the phone sits on it better.
It's a great phone case, except it partially covers the camera lens, so I had to take a drill bit to it to create a bigger hole.
good band for the price, I can tell it will not last a long time though.
I bought this to test it out as an item to keep in the vehicle for emergencies, I guess i will come back and do an update when I actually use it.
I like everything about this case...
They stay in place with vigorous exercise. Sound quality is below average, but for the price it is well worth it.
This is an update, before I said it was a good product. It's not the same thing happened to the replacement that happened to the first one. There is something wrong with the Bluetooth transmitters in these products. But the customer relation is great even though they won't admit that something is wrong with their product. Update: I emailed the company and they emailed me back. The person I talked to is a really caring person. The customer relation part of this company is awesome. I would definitely buy from this company again. Just because I trust the people who represent the company.
Quits sending in Florida summer heat. Once cooled off starts working again. Other than the heat problem it works fine when temps are moderated.
The holster cracked in the weakest point.
This was very easy to set up and has clear pictures. I will purchase again.
I like the simplicity and sleek, sophisticated look of the watch. However, the lack of features compared to other watches makes it just okay
I have purchased several brands of backup batteries. I like this one. Pros - lightweight, convenient size, stays charged. Cons - sometimes charges slow. This may from using 1A port instead of 2A port, but when plugging a dying phone in quickly, it's easy to use the wrong port. I would buy again.
Size is small and it is easy to install. Bluetooth connected immediately and charger works. Happy about the design and sound quality.
I just got this today. It arrived when it said it would. Everything was in the package that was supposed to be there and in great shape. I have always used the covers that you have to line up just right and hope you get it right before you get who knows what underneath and fight the air bubbles. Since this was solid you could line it up right over where it needs to be and place it on. It was the easiest one I have ever put on and it went on in the right spot the first time and no air bubbles. So far I haven't had any problems. The only complaint I would have if I wanted it to be one is it would be nice if it had anti glare. But other then that I would by it again. Update. I have to press harder on the edges for the phone to register that I'm touching it. I don't know if the sticky stuff on the edges is coming off somehow but now one of the edges is coming up and if I push down it tries to stick to the phone again but just can't hold on to it. I don't know if the glass is warped because I have to press hard on both sides but not the middle. Update on replacement. I sent back my first one. The corner chipped and it cracked. The new one fit better. Only one corner moves a little. But so far the edges are as sensitive as the rest of the screen.
Fits very well why four stars? Mmm it would have been better with stylus included jeje but that'$ OK 😃
Good product, especially for the price.
It REALLY sticks to windshield and holds phone well. So far so good, only had it for a week, so we will see how it stands the test of time? I am worried about the little plastic button you have to push to release your phone..will it break off? Only time will tell but this is far better that anything else I have look at.
A bit flimsy but it does the work.
Overall the case is great. It's pretty heavy duty and is just as described. Two things I'm not a big fan of though 1. I have to type a bit harder as the clear piece sits a little above the actual screen. 2. The ringer on/off switch is extremely hard to move once the case is on. I had to use a bobby-pin because my finger won't fit.
Love the length of the cord, and the quality is great. Use it for when I charge my phone on my couch.
When pulling your phone all casing is hard and broken the power connector
Works and does the job. The cord is long enough to get in and reach the driver's seat. The gain isn't great, but it is an improvement over both the rubber duck and a whip.
Great case .. but not as glittery as picture
I purchased this for my 17 year old. She loves that she can see her pretty gold phone now. The case does get scratched easily, though. This case has stayed clear versus becoming yellow like others we've read about. She has a glass faceplate on the front, too.
Really easy installation procedure. Even a child can easily do it. The feeling is so smooth and quite great. Durability, however, is not quite sure. I'll update the review later.
Works very well. Holds my phone at a good angle for seeing the screen when it's on my desk and charges at a decent rate, not great but adequate to keep my battery charged over the course of a work day even if I'm picking up my phone frequently.
Beautiful case and feels protective.
My earbuds were working great, the only thing I notice was that the control button started getting bubbles. Afterwards the sides were popping out. also something else, in order to turn on the earphones I had to hold the button down longer than any other earphones I had ever used. Which I thought was maybe because of how they are made. Other than that they connect instantly the battery life is great! I would use them a day and half ! The battery life is great. Since I believe the power button is a factory issue I returned them hoping I would get an even exchange but I had to return then order again which I thought was a bummer. i really wanted to keep these. i dont know why but lately the earphones i have been receiving all have something wrong or dont work. i just want some good earphones. :/ im trying out another brand hoping these are the ones that will work for me .
Love the case. No problems leaking or anything. Four stars only because the case makes the side buttons hard to push.... really hard to push.
Love it! Super sparkly. I got black and the sparkles are rainbow colors and silver. Only issue is how it goes together at the bottom. The rubber doesn't really stay clicked into the plastic. Other than that, I love it.
Hello, I'm happy because I received 2 becouse one had a little crack on a corner. But the service was good also shipping, but I really recommend this product. It fit perfectly to the phone, the sad part is that only one was good.
Nice wireless charger. I like that I can place my phone on it and it holds it upright without tilting over. It's a good size and nice quality. Works really nicely on my nightstand. it can also be plugged into a computer for on the go travel charging. Perfect for those starbucks moments.
Easy to install and works good
I can't mark anything for durability yet bc I've only had it a few days. But the case exceeded my expectations when I was searching for a soft jelly like feel type of case. I went with the softer more pastel yellow. Which is incredibly cute but I should have went with more of a mustard for my personal style. The open front case made for easy installation. Previous cases similar in the past are all jelly like silicone through and through. This one caught my attention as soon as I opened the package due to the back part which my phone sits on is lined with a thin layer of suede or a suede like material. This has been the best case I've gotten for my iPhone. If you have a tempered screen then the jelly case is the perfect amount of protection. I will look into more colors and variety and will definitely look at this seller first.
It was a great little case that held on very well and kept all my cards tightly. However, because of the color, it tended to stain very quickly.
The design on the case was beautiful but the plastic was very weak. Along the screen of the phone near the sound buttons and the power buttons, the thin plastic broke off. My daughter is devastated because she loves the band. Also, the case scratched easily.
fairly good quality, and a really good value when you consider what you pay for it and compare it to the watchbands sold by apple. the craftsmanship may not be of the same caliber, but it does a great job.
This product was as advertised. This screen protector is easy install. The screen protector is thick and feels substantial. I believe that this product will go a long way to providing protection for my phone.
I like the earbuds they were comfortable in the sound in the best worker however after using them for one day the left earbud stopped charging and it stopped working.
These thing do the job. Just have to remember they are still glass and will break. Definitely worth thw buy!
Charger worked but it's not a fast charger. I tried the hammer at the end of the charger against a one inch piece of wood and the device made a small hole in the wood. I also tried the blade by cutting a strip of heavy gauge leather and with medium force ,It did cut through the leather strip.
This feels good in your hand, doesn't feel like it can slip out of your grip. I like the fact that you can see through the case and get the front and back of your phone, my last case obscured the back of the iPhone.
Got the stainless steel for my 40mm Series 4 watch. has adjustment tool included. I can see how first-timers might have a little trouble with removing links as there is a little bit of a learning curve, but I had no problems at all. Feels nice with a little bit of heft in the weight. Comfortable. I've seen a few reviews about durability so I'll have to wait and see on that, but so far I don't see any particular weak points in the design. hope it lasts
Love it! Looks like I'm reading a little book when I use my phone. The clear pocket (for your id?) is super tight and difficult to get your card out, but I just don't push it in all the way and it works out. For $10 it's a fun way to carry your phone, id, debit card and even slip a crisp $20 bill in the pocket.
Super cute! Fast shipping. I was sent the wrong color and size but they refunded me quickly. I went back to order two more. The girls love them.
Three screen protectors come in one order, super easy to install. I only applied it yesterday, but because of the curvature of the screen on my iPhone 8 Plus, the screen protector doesn't seem to adhere for about a millimeter all the way around. Other than that, really good so far!
Awesome product I'm very satisfied the cases really tricked out my Apple Watch while protecting the glass at the same time
Great satellite antenna. Simple to install just ya e to find the right spot to mount on vehicle.
The Spigen Hybrid phone case for the S9 is very good quality. I have had Spigen cases in the past and the are good looking and functional. Provides high quality protection but I would still recommend adding a tempered glass. Ordered this in Gun Metal color and received order quickly. Upon receiving the case I noticed the seller mixed up the order and sent me the wrong color. The sent me the Graphite color instead. This I was not too happy with but felt it was too much trouble to send things back and forth.
Good design, looks. Phone will easily fit. However, it takes maybe 20% more time to charge than the standard Samsung Fast Charger.
Share the photos with my friend,It was so convenient to do it without pc.
This is compatible with my iPod so the charging time is awesomely fast, I love it!
This is a very good quality mounting arm, but I will start by mentioning one of the drawbacks. The hot shoe adapter easily begins to unscrew from the arm if this rig is holding any decent weight. I believe this is happening because 1) the connection to the shoe adapter is rubberized, preventing it from fully tightening, 2) there are two separate pieces going from the arm to the shoe adapter, offering more joints that can come loose. Also, be sure to absolutely tighten it in your shoe mount as much as possible, or you may have it slipping out. That screw may also come loose. The above would likely be mitigated by removing the shoe adapter and simply mounting this by the screw (if you have a rig allowing for that). Or finding a one-piece shoe adapter. Otherwise, the joints of the arm itself are sturdy, and easily articulate into just the place you want them to go. This is a good mounting arm like I said; four stars due to the adapter issue.
Gets dirty pretty quickly on the white one but works okay and I can still make calls
Came on time can give more stars until Christmas and install
I am so far very very happy with this case. It feels really great to hold in the hand. It looks very appealing. It does not cover any of the camera features. I know many reviews for cases say that the case interferes with the flash and I did not notice this. The case is also very very pretty and appealing! I am a little weary of the durability for major impacts, because the hard case is 2 parts. A front and a back and clicks together. I feel like when it gets dropped it'll come apart but the rubber part is pretty thick. I also like how it covers the face of the phone as I haven't bought a screen protector yet, it will definitely help protect the screen It did come with a business card saying if I register it, I get a lifetime warranty and that they will cover all shipping and replacement costs of necessary. That makes me really happy. It also came a day early so that is a plus! I will update this review if this case turns out to be not well on drops. Until then, you know I still love it!
It works well for short range which is what I was looking for.
These are great. Great sound. Great fit. They are perfect for working out. My only reason for not giving straight 5 stars is that you have to adjust the volume on the phone. You can't do it from the earpiece...at least I haven't been able to figure out how. Other than that they sound great and are very affordable.
It's a perfect replica but much cheaper! If you want something what you can hold easily in your hand and don't want to see scratches on your phone, this is your case!
This works great BUT you CANNOT charge it with this on. It's perfect protection and I've taken off every time I need to charge my Fitbit which is a pain but it's been about 3 weeks and it's not stretched out yet and still looks new. Would have 5 stars if I could charge it with it on!
Was less than half the price of OEM - works just as well and is a better design because the silver contrasts on the design are painted rather than the mylar foil on the OEM that comes off. Cheaper and better. Yay!!!
they ok but i can't use with my charging dock which is very frustrating
With no technical experience, I was able to repair my phone in about 30 minutes. The directions were extremely clear, the magnetic board helpful, and all the tools worked (save the blue 'pry' bar - it warped and made it slightly more difficult to pry the screen off). The pricing of this was also a significant factor. The cons is that the screen is significantly darker than the original, even with the brightness all the way up, and the colors slightly less vivid. I'm not hugely concerned with this though and doesn't bother me all that much unless I'm in bright sun conditions. The screen also cracked within a week, vertically up the screen from around the home button (with no abuse or other impacts that would have caused it). While I know this product comes with a warranty, the crack isn't significant enough for me to want to go through replacing it again, the hassle of going through with the warranty, and if it does get worse, the price is worth just buying it again to me.
Overall works good. Wish the phone was held a bit tighter on the sides, but the elastic bands do the trick. Overall a good item.
Received a replacement cover, fit well and stand was better than the first. Thanks to the seller for making the purchase right, great customer service.
I like this product, it works for my Vapor 2. The magnet clicks that sucker on there and I don't worry about it sliding or anything. I only took off a star because there seems to be a sweet spot that I need to put the watch on or else it won't charge (learned the hard way) but once the watch is on there in position, it's great. Just make sure ther watch face indicates it's charging.
The easiest screen protector to put on I've ever had. No bubbles at all after a bit of smoothing. Invisible and effective.Fits my iPhone 7plus perfectly and is lovely and smooth. The most important thing is to protect my mobile phone really great. Beause I dropped it so often and not a scratch, it did chip a tiny bit at the corners though but that is after a hard fall. Lasts forever, I love it!I will keep buying this brand.
It's easy 2 apply and the protection screen was durable and thick ...
Been using these for about 3 weeks during workouts. So far they work great. Sound is good for earbuds and they are comfortable and lightweight. Very easy to set up bluetooth connection. Volume buttons aren't in the greatest spot and you have to remember which side is up and down because you can't really feel the + or - indentation. Big reason I wanted to try these was for the memory foam buds which so far are comfortable, seem to be less stress on ear, and suppress background noise. Only had a minor issue with volume being too low when trying to listen once and couldn't get the volume to increase. I think it may have been the machine and not the headphones.
Been using this phone for about two months ago and everything is working just fine
Handy to have! Best part is ability to slide magnetized phone out of case. Doesn't hold much on the left, credit cards and money, but mini-purse
Very useful, but now my mom has to remember to charge THIS TOO LOL
Works well so far. The instructions get a little complicated but that's to be extra sure you don't mess it up.
I love the flexible opening to insert the phone, very easy to get your phone in and out.
I drop my phone and the corner of the case broke and fell off. Its near audio jack.
Got to say good value for the money a little quirky with the heart rate monitor, picks up texts and messages well and it's a good alarm clock. A big improvement on the skins for the watch face and I like it better than the Fit bit.
Headphones are good. Bought a pair 2 months ago and the left ear bud went out on me a week ago so I contacted merchant and they sent me a new pair right away. happy with the company. battery life is very long
It works, haven't had any issues with using the camera etc. Pretty color and sparkle.
Easy set up, would be helpful to have longer cable connectors.
Easy to install and sleek to the touch. I wish the tempered glass screen covered each of the leases and the notification light. That would've been great!
Granddaughter enjoyed it.
This case protects my phone well, but it could use a little clean up around the edges so that it would not be so difficult to use a tempered glass protector with it.
I liked them they worked on my fire tablet
It's a good case and I like it a lot. My only issue is that the whole case looks like the golden color at the top of the picture on display. While the edges are mostly clear with a slight pinkish tint, I was hoping for more of a gradient in coloring with some pink or lavender on the back. Photos were somewhat deceiving.
Really cute! I have the blush iPhone and it looks great
My phone was ran over by a car and was totally fine. I had to get some more protectors though since it took the brute of the weight. Don't ask how it got ran over by a car...
Arrived when scheduled and as described. So far it fits and works well. Only complaint is I ordered them in black and got bright blue. Not a huge deal, I just prefer cords to blend and not stand out so much if I have the choice.
Perfect size for one plus three and convenient.
simple, well made, inexpensive, hits all the important categories
I didn't give it 5 stars because I haven't traveled with it yet and that is a real test.
I loved this case, it's very pretty and shimmery however the side volume button broke off after 2 months. For this price I would think it would be more durable. UPDATE: Velvet Caviar reached out about my missing button and gas sent a replacement! Great customer service, great case!
HANDY ITEM KEEPS I PHONE WHERE I WANT IT AS I DRIVE
Absolutely love the concept and usually carry my drivers license and credit card in the pockets. No need for wallet (especially since so many places use Apple Pay now). Unlike other wallet cases out there, this one is very thin and fits neatly in my pocket. It doesn't cover the speakers which sacrifices some protection, but therefore doesn't interfere with the iPhone's mic and speakers. The material is pleasant to touch, while withstanding some exposure to water. Only complaint is that it just lasts a little over a year before falling apart, but for the money that's ok and to be expected!
Nice light good design.
It's good for music but bad for calls
Good companion for iPod Nano.
It was bought for my 14 years old phone, he loves the color and the case in general. I am a little disappointed that there is not more screen protection, just don't make them anymore.
I was pleased with speed and the product is what it says. Fit perfect. Will purchase again.
Its sturdy and helpful
I bought this because I have a tendency to put my phone down and have trouble finding it. I was primarily interested in the bright, red color. It fulfills that requirement very well. It seems to offer adequate protection and is not overly bulky, and the price is good. My only objection, and it is a minor one, is that it feels very slightly "greasy" to hold. I've never feared dropping the phone but it is just a bit odd feeling. I'll get used to it.
Does not stay adhered to screen
I ordered this thinking there would also be a hook mount for my car but it did not come with the package. So far we like the ring holders but I'm very disappointed I didn't get everything I was supposed to since the hook mount is part of the reason I chose to purchase this particular product. Hopefully Amazon will make it right. We'll see.
I ordered mine and it the colors are absolutely beautiful!, but, I can't get the built in music (that I see everyone posting about) to play. Please help! Overall all, excellent product, just wish the soothing music would work for my daughter! Thank you on advance.
I really like the way these headphones wrap around my ears. I have a hard time with ear buds and with headphones that fully cover the ear. With these wireless headphones, I can work out easier without my headphones falling out or getting in the way.
Seems like a very nice item, but I somehow got the wrong size so I returned it. Comes with very clear directions as well as all the tools you need to properly clean the phone before application, and it is packaged very nicely. I didn't apply it to my phone, but it felt sturdy and high-quality.
functional and got the job done
I love this case. I purchased the black case with the pink flower. Figured the black wouldn't show much dirt from me touching my phone ten thousand times a day. The pink looks good on the black. I love how the pattern is also on the inside of the case instead of just a solid color. I don't put my cards or cash in it because I always have a mini heart attack when my debit card is not in my wallet. Kickstand ability works great for watching movies. Only bad thing about it is I haven't had it very long approx 3 months and it is starting to show some fading along the edges....you get what you pay for. Price is decent so I will probably still purchase it again. There is no problem using the edge feature on the phone with this case and the buttons are really sleek on this case.. barely raised, I really like that. I get a lot of compliments on it. Overall its a cute case that does what it's suppose to
Purchased these originally because I found myself needing more grip on my gaming mouse, the clickers had a build up of oil and sometimes just couldn't click things during games. Instantly made a difference. Of course I've moved on to putting these on other things I use daily and while small changes, definitely noticeable. Took a star away for the price, could come down a few dollars and then would be perfect. Still recommend.
Exactly what I was looking for. A clear sleeve that easily covers the screen.
My daughter is very happy with this durable case.
Money saver! 3/10 on the difficulty scale. Save yourself money and do it yourself! Arrived well packaged. My wife has a grey 6x so the silver was slightly off color, but no big deal. Took me about 10min to replace. I only used the wipes and the tong/scraper/grabber tool. I believe the other tools are if you want to take the backing off and go that route. I just took the old glass off and popped the new one in. 1 star off because the 3M glue was peeled back from a corner of the glass. Hope it holds up anyways!
Cute design. Not very durable. Mine lived like a month
I've used this case for years for my phone and sometimes other items like keys and money to keep everything dry. It awesome, works as detailed the only qualm is that after about 6 months of usage the locks gets worn down and stop closing all the way so I make sure to be extra careful whenever that time comes.
Only 1 minor issue is why I did not give it 5 stars. I used it in the Philippines, and it worked as advertised. I bought a Globe LTE SIM card in the airport, and the girl at the kiosk activated it for me. My internet connection was directly related to the cell connection. It was great around the Metro Manila area, and was sketchy at times when I was in remote province areas. This is to be expected. The only problem I had was with the power button. Sometimes, either in my backpack or cargo shorts pocket, the power button would inadvertently get pushed, and shut off the unit. Wasn't a big problem, just an occasional nuisance. Other than this, the unit performed perfectly.
Not yet used. But I believe it will do its job.
nice case but after having it now for a month, the sliding door keeps popping open which risks my cards falling out
I liked them when I received the headphones, but in 4 months they will no longer connect to any bluetooth device. I did just email AYL today about this to see how they back their product. Update- They sent me a new pair of headphones to replace the defective ones, this happened pretty quickly. My only complaint about that process is in the email they send you, their English is terrible. It was difficult to understand what they were telling me. However, they did back their product! My other AYL Bluetooth speaker has worked great from the start and is still great today. Overall, I'm happy with the products I have purchased from them.
Which this covered a little more of the screen. But serves its purpose
First, I absolutely love how comfortable and adjustable the band is, BUT be very careful wearing it while working on your laptop. For several days, my laptop kept going into spontaneous "sleep/hibernate" mode at random times of the day. My company IT department kept having me update different stuff, but no luck. They were about to ship me a new laptop, when my husband said it might be the magnet on the wrist band. I took the Fitbit off while using my laptop, and the problem is gone.
I wanted my gps to be mounted below the windshield area. Road vibration can interfere with reading the unit. I will cure this by stuffing a piece of soft foam between the gps and the dash to soften the vibration.
This connector allows listening to wired headphones while charging your iPhone. For music the phone connects to this device via Bluetooth. I tried them out on a very long flight. I deducted one star because the unit will kill the USB connector on the plane which is in the seat rest. I had to use the lower 110 AC outlet with a USB charger.
I didn't give it the five stars because the charger isn't fast charger.
Just a word of warning, It DOESN'T come with a power supply, which is very strange, since it obviously wouldn't work without the power supply. But I guess it's in the product description, so I can't really complain about it too much, exception for those who didn't read the small text carefully would be disappointed that they have to wait a few more days for the power supply to arrive. Fortunately for me, I was able to find a power supply that fits the device so all is good for me.
This replacement battery for my laptop worked out perfect. Great description so I knew what I was getting and didn't have to re-order like I have had to do with others.
These seem to be well made however the micro usb end fits quite snugly in my Samsung phone. I would buy again though.
Works well. Other that no instructions it was fairly easy to install
Pretty good product, sound quality could be improved. Great battery life
It seems to be working fine with no problems.
I really like the design of this product. I like this simple and convenient product. It is very convenient to use, the magnetic force is very strong, the fixed is very stable, easy to use and move. I like this product after using it.
Easily to install is a plus. Only issue is finding place to put cords if you have a smaller car. Led lights are good. Great product.
Cute Tight to get on
Works great on my Harley roadking
So far so good install took a while to get the cable into all the trim on my car but not difficult. The only thing I wish was that this camera would go to a cloud or something that I could view from anywhere with internet connectivity. Hopefully that tech will come around soon at a decent price.
Good seller. Would do business with again.
Simple to install. I found a video on You Tube that walks you through it. Replacing the screws (supplied) in the back of the tach is simple. The difficult part is getting the tach back in place. The left hand bolt is simple to put back in, the right is not. I have installed six of these now and dropped the right hand bolt inside the steering column housing in two of them. If your unlock the tilt wheel and lower the steering column to it's lowest position you can retrieve the bolt with a magnetic retriever.
Great power bank! Charges fast and is very convenient to have. It's got a few little quirks I'm not thrilled about but it's no biggie. It came fresh out of the bag and box with an inch long scratch on it and the type C charge cord is kind loose when put it's its storage spot. It's really easy for it to slip out accidentally. Still works great and looks great too!
I've had three pairs of these headphones: I bought two and one pair was replaced under warranty. Only one of the three lasted more than a year and all three are dead. Used them while traveling on a plane and running. While I was really impressed with the sound quality, I was a bit disappointed in the battery life and durability of the products. Over time the battery life would get shorter and shorter and eventually a bit of sweat while running killed them. They may have lasted longer if I didn't use them while running but the short battery life was getting very annoying. Too bad because they sounded great and blocked out the chatter of plane passengers.
Man the size of the numbers on this clock...I tell ya you can't miss it. If u have a hard time reading a clock from numbers being to small..then this is the clock for you. I bet these numbers are about 3 to 4 inches high and you can definitely see them. The alarm could be a little louder but then again I need a train whistle to wake me up in the morning so it's probably loud enough for everyone else. I like how simple it is to work without all the million buttons that come on other clocks. It's simple and big and that's perfect for me.
It's decent for the price. The on-call range isn't that great if you're more than 10 feet away from your phone, and the battety life between charges is lower than expected. The sound quality is good on both ends during voice calls. Not bad. I've spent twice as much on similar products and beem disappointed.
Pretty quality for the price. Really convenient overall
Very nice case came in a very timely manor only negative I have on it is that it is very sound proof muffled speaker and mic but opening stylus port allowed sound out and in but very satisfied with this product highly recommend especially if you plan on swimming with your phone
It's used as backup for my iPhone 8 and it works great.
Holds perfect. Gels does lose its hold ( not bad) but, still working great.
It doesn't fit completely over the screen. It will serve the purpose of keeping the screen clean. Easy wipe off.
Keeps the design of the phone still ok, and protect for small drops. For who wants a small protection for accidents but still are very careful with the phone.
Love that it's not glass. It is truly full coverage for the edges which is what I needed with my case. However, the privacy tint could be better. It's a gray tint instead of full black. Just keep the phone brightness down to a minimum. Even at full brightness, the tint fizzes at the angle but again, fully black tints would give the privacy i desire. Hope for more options or improvement in the future.
The stand holds the watch and charges it without an issue. Other wireless chargers would sometimes slip off and stop charging my watch, but this one has been working great!
Generally like this for both its charging capabilities and battery. However, a couple of comments to be aware of. First, when plugged into a US outlet, the unit is vertical and you can't lay the phone on it to use the wireless charger. If you have plugged it into an extension cord or power strip, you can lay it horizontally to use the wireless charging. However, needing a cord kind of defeats the universal nature of this charger. Secondly, If you leave the USB cable plugged in, but unplug your phone, the USB charger will shut off after a few seconds. Plugging the phone into the loose end of the cable does not turn the charger back on and you need to either press the power button, unplug and replug the USB cable, or unplug the unit from the wall. As I tend to leave the unit plugged into the wall with the USB cable attached, plugging the phone into the end of the USB cable did not turn the charger on and consequently my phone didn't charge overnight. This is different behavior from other chargers I have used where I can leave the charger plugged in with the cable attached and just connect my phone to the end of the cable and have it charge up. Don't expect to find any helpful information on the web site that describes this behavior or when to use the on/off switch or the meaning of the red/green pilot light.
I've only had it for a few days, but it's been preforming very well. It has twice the power of a Mophie at half the price
I really like how easy this band was to adjust for the perfect fit. Looks good too!
Silly me didn't realize that you could adjust the bottom as well! Once I did that it was great! Customer service with this company was also phenomenal as well! I almost returned it, but they reached out to me and helped me fix the issue! It's great now! I'm not sure what's going on. I've had it for about a month now and at first I liked it but now every time I put my phone in, it falls off. It's like it's too heavy or not sturdy enough to hold the weight on the top half. I have to put it in upside down for it to work. Didn't really hold up well for me.
This is my second spigen phone case and I absolutely love it . I will never buy anything but spigen ever again
Practical but wish the stem was longer.
I am disappointed as neither of my iPhones will charge. I have cases on them and if I have to keep removing the cases then it defeats the purpose. I will have to return it
Fits my phone very well, looks nice and is easy to hold onto,and The colors are true to the pictures .
I think is is a great case. I will be sure to use it when I go on long trips or out on a hike. I trust that if I drop my phone I'll have all the extra protection for my screen. The extra screen protection it provides doesnt alter the screen sensitivity so it feels like it's not even there. Pretty good considering the s10e is still such a new release. I struggled a little to open it so I can get my phone in, but that's the only thing I found that would be a bother to me. It doesnt block any vision for the cameras and the ports have nice covers that keep debris from getting in.
on time good product
Looks exactly like the picture. Great for holding little things.
Battery was fine the phone did not want to charge
I'm a big electronics type of person an I'm always looking for outlets to charge my electronics. What I like most about it is it's high charging capacity and how it can take care of my electronics. It can charge two at a time. It does weigh more than it looks but that's how power banks are
Just as pictured didn't give five stars as the band fabric is a smidge too big to fit easily on my Galaxy watch 42mm. Took bit of force but I was able to make it work.
I got this, installation was super easy with that green tray. First one had a little problem though, huge lost of sensitivity in the middle, it's like a huge bubble in the middle. However I send them email, and they said send them a video of the problem, and they replaced it. The 2nd one I got from them works like a charm. Good customer service.
Great for the price! It doesn't come with the magnetic mounting piece that you need in order to use the magnetized back. That's frustrating and a little misleading so now you know! But I've dropped my phone a few times and no damage that i can see! I also purchased a glass screen protector separately because we have a history of breaking screens.
This case stays beautiful but the plastic cracked after nine months of using it. I'm not surprised because it is really cheap! The design stays in tact, though.
Its quick with a big display.
So far it has been a good product. Sometimes it doesn't charge.
The sound and clarity is amazing I had a problem with the volume but that issue addressed !, great unit
Doesn't give 100% privacy but it's decent. It all depends how bright you have your screen setting to. The less bright you have it, the less you can see from the side. Also it collects fingerprints very easily, which makes viewing blurry at times. Other than that, I like it and would buy again!!
You said it was handed directly to a resident. How could that be. Nobody was home !!??
Feels sensitive but i haven't seen its full potential yet.
The size of the case is “thick” but I love the way it protects the phone!
It was great I have taken to from Mexico to US, to Canada and have had no problem with the charger, it has been very resilient against drops and such, it lasts a few batter charger, although it isn't too portable because of it's size but it does fit in some pockets.
The magnet is a little small for bigger phones, but nice!
Nice long cable. Did not turbo charge
Delicate.. broke after one month- need to use thicker material/ stronger joints.
I have had the new battery for a month and a half. I think it is performing somewhat better than the original battery. I guess most people are interested in the the difficulty of installing the battery. I was able to do it without cracking or breaking either the front glass or the back glass. I did cause some very slight cosmetic damage to the little metal piece on the back at the bottom. But, since I keep the phone in a protective case at all times, this is irrelevant unless I ever want to sell the phone. So, I think the key to not cracking either glass is that I used a heat gun (a hair dryer will do) to warm up the glue underneath, and I was also very patient and as gentle as possible.
The watch is very nice, but took a lot to connect it to the phone.
the film was a bit small but covers enough and has a good thick protection
Nice looking band, exactly what I expected.
I have used Anker cables and a variety of chargers for a few years, and overall they all work pretty well. I purchased this cable in June 2017 for my iPhone and iPad at home and it works as expected for about a year and a half until October 2018. The material looks and feels very sturdy, and it never broke physically. For some reason, it just stopped charging recently, but Anker gets me a replacement fairly quickly after I reached out to them. The process is pretty easy. No hassle. Good customer service. Would like to recommend it for everyone based on the customer service experience.
Battery runs great in the iPhone 6s Plus! It comes with tools as well to help replace your old battery as well. Instructions also comes in this package. Which is a big deal cause a lot of other stuff doesn't come with instructions anymore
Very nice phone case.
seems to be a really nice unit, it was purchased as a gift.
it's good but not loud.
Would be a great cover if had one over screen of the phone but works great
I purchase 10 of this BNC connectors and I was able to use them all; I found they are good like any other BNC connectors, but the price of this are better from what i was purchased before.
Love love this case! Only reason I didn't give it five stars is cause I feel like it doesn't curve around the screen as much as I would like.
I bought this case for my mom. It is a very good protective case for this phone. Only somewhat down side is that like some people have said you basically have to snap your phone inside this case for it to fit. It's very tight to get the phone in, once in though believe me it won't come off.
I have been using this charging pad for about a month now. I own a Apple Watch, iPhone A+, and a pair of AirPods with the wireless charging case. I really love how I can use all three at once to charge all of my devices. The device is white and small enough for travel use. I also like big indicator lights let you know when your devices are charging. The only concern I have is that my phone and watch get hot The device is white and small enough for travel use. I also like the indicator lights that let you know when your devices are charging. It also charges pretty fast. The only concern I have is that my phone and watch get hot if I leave them charging for too long.
Interface with iPhone was excellent.
This case can hold three cards. It's a little tight but they will stay in there only issue I have with this case is it is hard to hold because the outside is very slick. I only recommend this if you absolutely need a case that can hold your ID or credit cards.
I like it but when turned on it doesn't tell how much time is left on the charge.
The screen protector and case do a good job at protecting my phone. I have dropped the phone a few times and only have a few scratches on the case. There is a lot of dust in between the the case and screen protector. There is also small dust that have gotten under the screen protector over the past few months.
It works well with a case on it ( i have an iphone XR) . Doesn't have an disturbing "night lights". It doesn't charge particularly fast but does the job and looks good. For the money I like it!
Has saved the screen a few times. Good that it comes with 3, especially if you drop your phone often or have children. I left it 4 stars as it doesn't cover the whole screen, but having been dropped a few times, the screen has been protected a few times.
Sounds good and stays securely in place.
It is more plastic than I thought.
This case is great. It protects your phone nicely
Still fearful I'll lose my ID or credit card. Goal was to have something quick to run to the store so I didn't need my whole wallet. The way I hold my phone, I'm still afraid I'll lose something. Not crazy on the colour but it was inexpensive when purchased.
The green cord had the metal notches pushed in within 24 hours of use, rendering it useless, because its not able to stay in. The next one I used stopped doing the fast charge within a week, but the prongs are still intact enough to use. I think they are fine if you're not taking your device on and off the charger.
This system works well and was easy to install. Picture quality is good for an inexpensive camera. The guideline adjustment works as advertised and is acceptable but not great. I ended up modifying the mounting bracket to fit my application. I did not like the camera hanging out in front of the license plate- looked tacky and easily seen. The instruction / owners manual must have been translated by someone who is not fluent in English. It needs a lot of help.
I love these cases but I don't care for the plastic screen protector. I always take it out and use a glass screen protector right on the phone itself.
Very good product sticks to the phone even under hot weather very convenient and good for the price I don't particularly like pink but I could deal with it
Didn't realize these were so long when I ordered them, but really like them. I can use them without having the annoying pocket cup digging into my hand.
It's a bulky case. I have to get use to it. Does not come with a screen protector in the front.
Thank you. 2 for the price of 1 is always a great deal. The magnet works well for the back of phone but the adhesive on the mounts in not as strong but I was able to take care of it with a little reinforcement. It is just what I needed.
While this controller does not have the same button feel as the ones from Nintendo, it works just the same. The buttons are harder to push when compared but as long as you play with a heavier finger they work just fine. The longer cable is great and much appreciated.
I really love the way this case looks but it is so slippery that I'm afraid its going to drop and break. But it looks amazing!
Basic drop/scratch protection. Soft, rubbery snug fit. Raised edges create a ridge around the case. May not be for everyone. Overall not bad. Looks really good on the phone.
Well made product. Privacy feature is nice, works well, but unfortunately will not work with my case.
I ordered this for my 15year old daughter. She loves it😍
A nice looking pair of earbuds and the sound is not bad for the price
Very secure . Triple protection. Only disappointment NO Screen protection. I dropped my phone and the item came apart slightly. Otherwise happy for the protection and the price.
Great color just a little looser than the Garmin brand.
Ive had these a about 4 months now. Every thing seems good so far. These are a little shorter on the neck witch I wasn't real happy about at first but I've gotten use to it. The the added speaker phones on the side are cool and I've found them useful in certain situations. I like them.
I started showing effects of wear and tear in less than 6 months, but I use my phones quite roughly so might be not as bad. Otherwise no issues,
Kept head warm and good toons
I like these, but one down fall is that it will stick to my necklaces when I wear both because of it being magnetic.
I love it and works pretty well. Sometimes the blue tooth cuts in and out if I'm not close enough to my phone. But gets the job done for me! Also called a couple of times through this and had no problems
great case just wish it protected the phone a little more. also it's a little hard to open.
I must say I'm very impressed with the sound quality.The Bluetooth headphone is really wonderful, it works with bluetooth, and charges by a USB thread. I have usd this headphone two weeks, it works well, and it can work almost one day if you only use it when you work out or work on your homework. And it is sweat-proof and waterproof.Super comfortable and great sound! Worked well while running.
Great use of case with cards manager. Value for the money and light weight
Doesn't fit the screen completely all the way. There is about 3mm on each side that isn't covered. Guess it's better then not having one at all. Guide stickers are useless as they don't even stick.
The headset sounds great. The only issue that I had was the leather piece that sits against your ear hurts your ear after you have the headset on for a while. It's too tight against your ear. Also if you have longer hair, the rubber piece gets caught up in your hair a lot. As far as sound goes, it's great.
A very solid watch band. A little heavy, and a little hard to adjust the sizing, but a good band.
I like this product but have only taken a few photos.......
Great screen protector however it doesn't remain on with my rubber case it pushes it up. The 3d curve only works good with cases that are in pieces
Coolest little camera I got it to record workouts and stuff I wish you could switch from 360 to a regular point of view
The only issue I found is the rubber piece doesn't hold its place very well.
Mounted easily and does the job right! Sometimes it shakes when i Drive and i think it's going to fall but it hasn't yet so it's great so far !
After a few months of use, the charge port protector doesn't like to close properly.. Just pops back open. Does protect the phone well. I've dropped my phone a handful of times and no cracks.. Would by again.
Love it only thing is you cant go to far away or even behind a door because the sound will cut off due to weak connection
The case is gorgeous! Only complaint is the opening for the headphones & charger need to be bigger.
I liked this earbud - comfortable, stayed in my ear, decent battery life. The one thing I didn't like about it, though, is that at times when I tried to turn it off, it would redial the last number I called. Awkward in the middle of the night.
Helped get rid of several cables and stays pretty compact.
I bought these because they were the best price with the largest amount of protectors. The only downside is that it only comes with one alcohol prep pad. The reviews I read said that they were plastic so I was a little nervous. Well since they came with so many, I decided to test one out. I bent one until the glass shattered. They are indeed glass. And they work. I am rough with phones and it hasn't came off yet.
Study case, well made. Warning - my wireless charger can not detect the phone though.
I know about anker i think it the best but when i buy it i think it for iphone charge but i was wrong
Screen slowly started having compatibility issues
Along after 7 years of usage since purchase
Fits perfectly on the phone. Great non-slide material, so it doesn't slide around in the truck. Needs to come above the screen just a tad more.
Like it, but they need to put more material on handle side
The phone was as promised and was in like-new condition. Works great. Very satisfied.
Worth the money and easy to use can't go wrong buying this product
I like the overall feel of the case and the fact it has a rubber case and the hard shell case. All that's missing is a screen protector other then that its a great buy at a great price.
The color was a little off from what the picture shows, but its still a pretty good product
i, personally, wouldn't anything larger than a 19 inch on this mount. I does move in every direction perfectly, once mounted.
It looks great but it's not as grippy as my clear TPU case; it's a little bit too smooth. So I'll be using this more for particular occasions rather than everyday.
So far so good on the headset! My only complaint is that the headset is somewhat hard to get comfortable on my ears due to an earring I have but once I figured that out the sound quality and ease of use are great. Going to be using this to make dials for my business.
good product. nice view.
Pleasantly surprised. Nice sound, good fit. The battery holds a charge for almost a week with a use in the gym
Great case trust my purchase with it.
I like re case very much.I liked the fact that it fit my phone well.
Great splitter for adding a 2nd phone to a mobile recording rig.
Once I googled how to install it and set it up it works great
This is so light weight and comfortable. I hate things in my ear and these are great. Pretty good sound. Good enough for books and podcasts.
I think this product is going to be great to protect my family. The stickers were so easy to put on and came with exact directions for how to do that . I also like that the button gives a little added protection when I am in other places that don't use EMF protection
A gift for my son. He says it works as designed. The hard part about this was that there were several versions of this mount without any explanation of which one would be best for a particular application. Eventually I made this choice based on simpler design and favorable reviews.
It works very well and stays plugged in nicely due to good weight distribution. I just wish it was a little more compact.
Great pair. Conspicuously made hide in ear.
The color is lighter than in the pictures but the quality is pretty good. I keep the case in my purse together with my keys, wallet, make up and a thousand other things and the case cover doesn't show many scratches. Pretty durable. Does not scratch the actual charging case!
Pretty good one. It's my wife's. She likes it. Could be slightly less smooth, since no one likes to drop a slippery phone in a slippery vase. Overall: Good
This is a replacement for one I've had for years. The plastic case part broke and I had to get a new one. Check this item over carefully. The 2nd one I bought arrived broken, and I had to buy a 3rd and return the 2nd. There was no 'exchange' option in the return process.
It's a great case. I have only one thing I'd prefer and that would be the cover having a "tri-fold" flap that could be folded down when taking pictures rather than having to have the whole cover hanging down to expose the camera lens. Otherwise, it's a great item.
So this is a nice case for the Note 9. It seems pretty durable and has good protection around the corners. I do like the included screen protector. Now the cons are it kinda makes the whole phone a tad bit heavier and the screen sensitivity needs to be turned up a tad after installation otherwise you have to press a bit harder on the touchscreen. Those are minor tho, overall it's a great case and I would totally recommend it.
I really like this phone holder- it is great for what I need it for! I usually don't keep the power on (because I don't need it) but when I do it doesn't charge very fast and it does heat up. It holds great on my car and I have used it for about a year now.
Good case, however traps air inside and makes a bubble on the back
Extremely useful, I can't live without these, but they also aren't very durable.
It doesn't fit into the stylus loop on my case, but the clip part does, so that's acceptable. LOL For the price - absolutely worth it!
The case is beautiful and it's a good deal for the price. I ordered the gold and the color is definitely not gold. It's more of a rose gold or light pink. It's very pretty so I'm keeping it but just be aware the color in the listing is not accurate.
Great so far! The only reason that I gave it four stars is because we've only been using it for a month so I don't know what to expect.
Definitely not a fast charging cord, but it seems sturdy and well made so far. I leave the "end" in my phone so it's always available and doesn't get lost. The magnetic connections tight if done properly. Expect a wait if you let your phone expire a little too much. Good value.
Good product. Worked as expected.
Sound quality for calls and music is somewhat muffled; however, the case does its job and I'm glad my wife and I have one.
Nice case. Works well with screen protectors on my Note 8. Only thing that doesn't work well for me are to side button covers.( volume, Bixby, and the lock bottons)They're too flushed with side of case making it hard to find in low light and are hard to push in. Case does make phone easy to hold. Rubber edges are slip resistant. Wanted to like it 100% but I have to have complete ease and those button problems just don't cut it. So I'm returning.
I was actually surprised by the quality of this case. I have an authentic apple case (in different color) and the only difference is on the side you can feel and visually the seam. For the cost its a great case. Only reason I gave it 4 stars is due to the seam
Yup I like it. I'm not convinced on the non slip aspect. Seems to slip out of my hands more often then I like & being clumsy I've already dropped it a few times with no problems. That being said... I'm hoping this case will be for the long hall... let's see. Update: I've been actively using case & dropped phone multiple times still no breakage or damage. Yup it's a keeper. Just wished I stop dropping the GD iPhone...
I ordered this charger just to try something new. I loved it so much, I bought another set.
This is nice. Only thing I don't like is the hearts get stuck in the corners and you have to wiggle to get them down.
I love the case, it's very pretty, but I can't use it because I ordered the wrong one. I needed a Galaxy J7 and I ordered a Galaxy S7, bummer.
SECOND ONE HAD TO ORDER THIS ONE WAS ALOT BETTER IT WORKED GREAT
No complaints at all
The kickstand is a little flimsy. Other than that I like look of case.
It's really cute. I'm just not sure how much it will protect the phone if it falls. Hoping for the best.
Not as protective for drops as some of my previous cases, but the ease of taking it on and off is much better than that of covers that have the two pieces (rubber first, then plastic shell). This is just one piece. Protects it well enough and I dig the colors.
Instructions are too vague. I'm still trying to figure out how to replay a video.
The edges extend beyond the screen just enough to provide some great protection there as well. Wireless charging still works great. I'm very happy with this one. Case feels and looks nice and it is soft and flexible, so easy to press buttons thru it. Won't slide out of your pocket.
Super cute, is starting to scratch a little already told. Matches well with the 'not pink' pixel 3
I needed a portable charger for an internship after school that was decently far away and my phone would almost always be drained by then. This one had some pretty decent reviews so I decided to try it out. Shipping was fast and came fully charged which was nice. The quick charge works pretty well and I get a full charge on my iPhone 7+ in about and hour to an hour and a half depending on if I'm using it while it's charging. After a full charge I use up approximately 25 percent of the portable itself which isn't that bad since I'm never fully drained. I will say however that about 4 weeks later after consistant use I noticed that the battery would randomly compleatly drain compleatly but after emailing the company they gave me a new device as a replacement within a week which was very nice of them and has lasted thus far without any incident since the time of writing this review. I would recommend this product since it is of nice quality for the price.
Its protect your screen, glass is too thick you have to press real hard on the letter key.
Considering the cost, it is a great value. It will protect your phone from being dropped from heights typical for most people. The edges are nicely protected. There is no screen protection however. The only drawback is that it is composed of two pieces that slide into one another (top to bottom). in my pocket, as I pull out my phone, these pieces will separate. Still worth it.
Very nice case i need to buy another one before they are gone lol
Bought this for my daughter's phone. She has a tendency to drop things, so thought we ought to get a good case So far, so good!
These USBs were okay for the amount of time I've had them. The black one seemed to stop working quicker than the white and black one. Right now, the latter is on it's last leg (purchased in March so ~5 months). All in all, these are okay for the price.
Easy to install and inexpensive. I have a Nissan Murano. Only buy this if your sole purpose is to use your phone in landscape mode.
It was cool for about 2 minutes, and then I just didn't see the draw to these. Also, if you have a wireless charger, they tend to get in the way. My wife uses them still, well, until I bought her a new case she can't use them on.
These OEM propellers fit exactly like they should. I've bought aftermarket blades from other stores on Amazon and lately they've all been fitting loose. So much so, the first time I tried them a blade flew off in mid flight and my drone spiraled to the ground from 100ft. They cost a few dollars more but whats that compared to losing a $300 drone? I gave only 4 stars because the packaging contained twice the amount of plastic as the product itself. If they could reduce the materials cost, they would be more competitively priced with the cheap aftermarkets.
Perfect tight fit and stand option works well
Great budget buy. Only a few things as others have mentioned was the camera RCA cable is a little short. Directions very vague. Small volume button. Display is great and GPS seems to work well.
Thus us just what I needed! It saves space in my nightstand and I have my Apple Watch and iPhone conveniently nearby. I just wish I didn't have so many plugs connected to it.
Case is very slim and comfortable to hold. Easy to put on but very secure when in place and fits perfectly. Has a lip over the screen for protection when placed face down. Great value for the price. Only negative is that fingerprints really show on the back — otherwise, would be five stars.
My requirements/pros - 1) health and sleep tracker. 2) standalone audio player via Bluetooth headset for the gym so I don't have to drag my phone with me. 3) apps like weather, text and phone all work great when tethered. Cons - 1) you'll need to charge this everyday. 2) loading music/audiobooks/podcasts from your iPhone to the watch (only way to do it from what I see) is SLOW. yeah, Bluetooth transfer, but wow, SLOW as in walk away for an hour for a the material to transfer.
Balanced and clear throughout frequency range. Slightly muted sub-bass but mid-to-high bass has full rich excursion. Overall a great value for your dollar for most genres. I do miss the flat cables that came with my previous IEMs; the non-balanced cable tangles easily.
This is overall a good quality case. The 1 minor thing is the rubber casing can come loose easy.
So far I really like the case. Seems to be made well and it's pretty comfortable on the phone. It also doesn't add a whole lot of thickness. Which is definitely a plus for me. My only complaint so far with this case is I'm having a hard time keeping a popsocket on the case. At least the newer style popsockets that allow you to change out the disc. For me this could ultimately lead to me getting a new case but if you don't use a popsocket then this won't be a concern for you.
This charger works well. Does get a bit warm after a while, but charges phone with the case on. Only con is I had a pop it button on my phone to hold it and had to remove for it to charge.
Good case. I wanted one with a built-in kickstand for the portrait mode, for example when eating at a table in a restaurant or coffee place. Also for facial recognition and ergonomics on my iPhone XR. Biggest negative is it's difficult to unclasp the kickstand from the “locked” position. I often leave it “loose” in order to easily lock it into position. The other negative is that scrolling in portrait requires placing a finger on the flat part of the kickstand to avoid knocking the phone over.
It is great overall but the noise/voice used in it is so high pitched near irritating. There should be a better and less 'loud noise' than that
Works well enough. Took awhile to get them working, make sure you order the 2G SIM cards on Amazon, even though T-Mobile says the ones sold at their store should work, they don't. Kids like them, easy to use good option if you're not ready for cell phones
this product worked for me for MONTHS actually maybe even a year but eventually the cord stopped working & i had to bend it a certain way to get it to work. then one day it just stopped so i had to invest in another gadget like this. all in all i'd say get it. it works but there are other ones that would probably do you better for a little more $$
There are better ones
Love this case! Is perfect with the rose gold phone
although a pain to do this necessary step it is required
I like the product, but there wasn't a video specific to my product on the link they told me to go to, but I used another video and it showed me enough.
I currently use this for my iPhone 8. Great fit. Not too bulky, but slightly heavy. The battery recharges pretty fast when the case is turned on. Lately, I've been running out of battery so this has come in very handy!!
Some parts of the case peeled off it functions great and holds all of my cards/cash didn't get it five starts bc the lack of durability hurts the case cosmetically
I like the fact that you can remove it quickly
A little small for the J7 prime but it seems to work fine.
This is a little thick for my taste but i did not get it for everyday use. This is for when i go out of town and just need to pack my id. When i dont want to keep my wallet on me. While the back looks nice in the picture it does not have a real metal look to it. Its carved plastic. But for the price i was not expecting anything special. What i didnt care for was how boxy it felt in my hand. Just not what i liked. I was able to fit my DL and 1 credit card in the holder. It is not ideal for using with 2 cards as getting them out quickly is not always possible. But like i said this is for when i am out and want to simplify. That is my trade off.
It will protect your phone from water and is great for boating/kayaking. It will not last too long as you do feel like your going to tear the plastic pouch each time you open it, but it has NOT torn as of yet.
My initial review was wrong. The low battery display only comes up if there is a need to recharge otherwise it doesnt show any indication of charge level.
Fits well. Feels good in the hand. Very good protection when all together. Easy access to the buttons. This is my second one. The swivel clip broke on my first one but only after several years of hard use. Good case.
The magnetic closure works great. The openings for the credit cards/ID is small so it is hard to get them in and out. I think once the leather loosens up a bit this will become easier. The color is beautiful.
Great. As discribed.
The black case was kind of flimsy. Just received today.
A very good case, and it will stand too long time. Mine still with me after almost 2 years using it.
This a good case for a decent price. I just got the phone and needed something quick and j like low profile cases
I carry my iphone SE in my pocket and in my gym bag. It rides along in those places with whatever else happens to be there at the time!(car keys, pocket knife, etc.). So far this protector seems to be doing its job well. The touch screen response is as if there is no barrier between the screen and the world. The installation is typical for this kind of product and not really all that difficult. The screen protector I have on my ipad was much more tedious to install. I do have a small bubble in the upper right corner, but it is only visible when the phone is off or the screen is black. This product is a real value if you are someone who uses screen protectors.
I bought this for my husband's new phone. It's sturdy and protects the phone quite well. We had to figure out which way the phone should face when it's inside the case. It's also very rigid which it can get a cracked if you're not careful.
I just got this case love it except there is a bubble in the liquid now and I've only had it for a week...
Got it because it was on prime 2day guarentee but it came 3 days late !!
Good, long lasting protection, you get two in the pack, don't have to worry about a thing.
Nice case and cover but am disappointed that I have to remove it to use this wireless charger.
So not only is the case the bomb but they included a phone screen protected !!! The packaging was nice and secure !!! Love it will defiantly forever be a customer
Works as advertised. Extra capacity barely noticeable.
Personal use. The cord string could be a bit stronger, I used previous one which works well to prevent breakage.
Great case. Fits well Hoping it holds up well. Looks nice order it in blue. The phone case was delivered as promised
Seller Replaced Poor One at NC and free replacement shipping. Replacement works Fine. To properly exercise most recommend several cycles of full charge, followed by discharge to 25% remaining capacity, several times.
liked it , installed in old pick up truck
Product protected my phone from numerous drops and held up very well.
Worked great .. received everything I needed to replace the screen.. took me 10 minuets. Screen works great
Nice phone until now.
I use it for radio, but it seems to have many options.
One of the simplest add-on! It worked like 98% of the time, and i pair it with my trusty old Garmin 500. There's 2% of time thou for whatever reason that the Cadence would appear as Zero on the Garmin.
For the price, this kit is perfect for maintaining mt watches from battery and crystal replacement to maintaining watch bands.
I like this screen protector however, it makes it hard for the actual cover to slip on on the corners.
I love this case. The ring and handle are great and make it so much easier to hold. Good quality product!!!! Going to buy it in black too.
I love this band, it is very stylish and pretty! The only complaint I have is the pin that holds the magnet to the band come out very easily when you are removing the band
Nothing fancy but does the job. Probably one of the better ones from what is available for Essential phone. Does not take away from the looks of the phone while protecting it. One drop so far and nothing happened.
It's is attractive, highly functional and offers excellent protection.
Love it!! It looks great on! Getting it on takes some effort or another person to help. Still a great product.
Snaps on and charges as it should. Just don't get too rough with it because it was a bad design from the start from Samsung. You have to own one to know what I'm talking about. That's why I ordering two at the same time. The little tabs break off and after that are useful with going thru the pains if wrapping rubber bands or tape around them so they will charge your watch. Good thing they are cheaply priced.
Great value. Very good sound especially at this price.
Fits nicely, looks as pictured. Takes a little fidgeting to work with non-apple chargers but ultimately will work.
This is a medium protection case and works well for me.
I like a lot, with only one suggestion. I think it would make this case 110% better if the engineers would incorporate a row of grippy ribs right down the center of the case. When I hold the phone in one hand to use, which is quite often, my fingers try to grip the center of the case where there are no grippy ribs. Verticle ribs would be best here. Beyond that, no complaints. Button tabs are pronounced, but not overly so, and accurate. Fit is perfect! Thank you!
The case did not come with any instructions about how to open or close it. There are a series of six pictures in the ad, but some words would have been helpful. I checked the manufacturer's website, but it didn't have any instructions either. I finally tried putting my finger through the hole in the upper left corner of the back of the case and pushing on the front cover. I was able to work a corner of the front case out of the rubber that was holding holding it, and then I was able to gently work the front cover out all the way around. Once that was done, putting my iPhone into the front cover and reinserting that into the back cover was fairly easy, although I had to work at reseating the rubber properly around the front cover.
The charger does not fit when the case is on. I cut the case slightly to make it fit. Other than that I love it.
I have one for home and one for work, so far they have lasted and the magnet is strong enough.
One of the reasons I bought this band was because it was large enough to fit my wrist many of them are just a tad too small. There was a bunch of negative reviews of which I have not experienced any of those issues i. E., Tarnishing. As with any costume jewelry you should never get it wet I use ASP and all the time even when with water but when I'm done I just make sure I take it off and dry it. another reviewer mentioned that you had to take the band off from the back of the Fitbit they obviously did not realize that each link can be opened. they are very stiff so I pick a specific link to use all the time that way it becomes a little easier to use.
Loved the product. Feels great. Had some problems with tearing in silicone but customer service helped with that.
So this is cool the boxes are fast charging but I wasn't aware the cords are different for note 8s and s8s so if you have a note 5 or below or s7 or below you have to obtain your own cords.
Huge and bulky but will definitely be durable, like that they give you 2 screen protectors, fast shipping. Not light weight at all. Going to see about getting me a little pop up holder thing and then it will be perfect.
It's beautiful and has a lot of space .
Excellent case. Would give 4 1/2 stars if I could
Overall pretty happy with the performance of these inexpensive drivers. Slightly larger than the ones I was replacing, I worried about the fit. I was relieved to find that they fit just fine and ended up being a much easier install than I anticipated. Sound output is biased toward mid bass which works well with systems that have separate tweeters. Highs are subdued and lack clarity, and sub bass is absent, but mid bass and mids are well defined and projected. These ended up sounding great and balanced out my sound being installed in the rear doors.
Too big for my wrist! (I'm female, early 30s, 5.5” and average body complexity). And it is also too big for my mom's wrist. I bought 2 of them: wine red one for me and black one for my mom. Too bad they don't offer different sizes in this band. I was very disappointed at first because I love how slim these bands are! I was going to return them but then I decided to buy a tool to make holes instead and I did, spent only $7 on it and it worked perfect and we are both very pleased with our bands! We made 2 MORE holes on each band!!! (With the same distance between holes as original holes). These smart watches are meant to be kind of tight on your wrist, well not tight, but touching the skin all around, so it can feel the heartbeat, track your exercise, track your sleep at night, etc, so having them even a little loose is useless to me.
This case fit my iPhone XR perfectly. The case itself feels durable, the only problem i have with it is that the bolt where the lanyards go already fell off after on about 2 weeks. Personally i don't mind not having the lanyard though
This product is very good and meets our requirement and easy to retrieve.
Easy to install, just as advertised.
Giving this 4 stars because it is not 12x12. Its 11 7/8" x 11 7/8" other then it's a tinny bit smaller it is good quality.
Excellent fit, feel. Installation was easy using the included wipes, microfiber cloth and adhesive tabs. Would have given 5 stars, but I do see a slight distortion that almost looks like liquid under the glass at the center of the screen. It is only visible at certain angles and with the screen off so far. Hopefully this is just a minor air pocket that will work its way out over the next day or so.
Only needed the whip part.
There was nothing wrong with this product, but the glass screen protectors I find feel smoother and more expensive while using them, than the plastic ones.
This ships as 3 pieces which you assemble into the stand shown in the picture. The two hooks will hold most phones conviently. The mat needs to be placed on the flat part of your dashboard in order to ensure maximum contact. Although it held well at normal speeds, this does not have enough hold for preventing the phone to topple over in case of hard breaking. This does come with a USB cable so thats a plus.
This watch case is good but since it is white, it stains when wearing dark clothes. It catches the dye of your clothes but clean it and it loos nice. You need to take it out of your watch to clean it.
It's a good product but it needs a bigger screen
Service was good case was cheaply made
It does what I need it to do but the retracting mechanism doesn't work well. But for the cost, it's fine.
Only issue on occasion is hands free phone call pick up sometimes wont connect thru speakers so have to put it on speaker phone. No big deal for it working well in general
The case is truly soft to the touch. I would surely purchase more of this product.
I wish the smoke color were a little more transparent, but protects the phone well.
The produce is cool for what it does. I don't get the purpose of the next thing. Good product, sound quality is pretty good
Item is exactly as described and works very well good quality
Very good product, looks nice and subtly gives the phone a good amount of protection. The only downside is it barely protects the screen or camera while laying on a flat surface, especially if you are using glass screen protection. Buttons on the side are easily operable, which is usually a problem with generic cases.
Some cases not fit with the volume buttons and this is good
It came in on time. It was exactly what I expected.
I just got it and used it one time. So far feels solid and well made. Not digging the faux leather backing of the solar panels but whatever. It's function over fashion right? So far I charged my phone one time from about 30 percent to 95 percent. Still shows a full charge and it did it quickly while phone was being used. Now....i hope it works and I can get at least 4 charges out of it when I go camping. I'll try out the solar charging too.
Be careful when peeling off paper, sticky started coming off with the paper, but got it out on the phone just fine. We'll see how long to sticks.
I loved literally everything... except I was expecting at least 8hrs of music playing on the speakers. It gives 6+ at best. Coming from other LG headphones these were not 5 star material like other 2 lg's I've bought.
I like the product it works well in the car air vent. I had a small issue and the customer service department was very accommodating & responsive to my notes. Great experience.
It has a larger capacity and can be charged twice. But the lines don't go off well.
So I had this same case for a Pixel and it was awesome. This one is good... But a couple things. So far, I've had to remove the integrated screen protector since it interfered with the sensor and when I would get calls, the phone screen would be black and I had no way to see who was calling. I removed the protector with an Xacto knife and it works now. Kind of sucks though since now I have to spend $10 for a glass screen protector. Not the end of the world but seems unnecessary to have to modify a brand new case like this. How did they not vet this out before they finalized the design!?! Who knows. Also, the kickstand seems so finicky that I'm affraid to use it. It's just not a good design. I would prefer a solid flat surface to mount either a pop socket or metal plate for a magnet mount. Again, not the end of the world but room for improvement. All in all, I give it 4 starts due to two things. Utmost durability, and the fact that it comes with a belt holster. If they come out with an upgraded version with modifications applied from my two con items above, I'd probably buy it again.
I really like this case. I got the gray one. It looks exactly how Described. The only thing Im wary about are the buttons on the side. They're kind of hard to use. It takes a few tries to lock my phone and even more tried to do screenshots. Other than that, I have dropped my phone a couple of times so the corners of the case are kind of scraped but nothing too noticeable and my phone was protected.
Easy to use and works with both Apple and Samsung. Charging takes a while however and it could be a little larger in size.
Matte look is great plus it is easy to clean. Very slim so doesn't make phone bulky, feels great too. Simple, clean, classic.
Came fast and has a nice box it came in. It's just a bit small but works.
The window of time to return this product was one month. Although the product broke one week after that return window closed, the merchant was very responsive and was able to rectify the situation by replacing the product. I'm very impressed with their professionalism and responsiveness to the matter. They are definitely customer oriented.
It fit for my controller but the problem was the joystick it didn't stay on for some reason
It's ok, its bulky but it holds everything, cards ,cash coins keys you name it .
Only 4 stars because I wasted one trying to put it on for the first time. I did watch the video first then watched it while I was applying it. That didn't work. Had to use another. But quality is great. No problems after 1 week.
This is a very nice case and it seems to fit the phone just fine. It did take months to finally receive it.
I really like the fact that it has four lenses on it, and that it has a cover to protect them and a little bag to put it in. But what i don't like it that everytime i wanna use i have to take my case off.. it doesn't work well with case and i have a thinner case But when you do use it's easy to adjust the lens and switch from on to another. The clip is strong and holds on good
Works great - nice and clear.
using it on my note 9 fits in good the bands do cover the camera and the menu buttons on the bottom a bit, but its secure took it jogging and it healed up fine, it's a universal fit so I can use it with many different phones, down side is the bands look thin and might snap off with prolonged use if not for that I would of given 5*
This works great. Is slightly smaller than the actual screen, but my case covers the little gap so it's perfect. It comes off a bit too easy even for little kids, but it comes with 3 so it is not a big deal. Dropped phone yesterday face down on asphalt and not scratches even on the screen so that was a great thing. Overall, I would purchase again!
Great for depth though is displayed in meters. Fish finder is soso at best.
Kids love it, parents love it. Gifted it to my cousins family and they really love it. Help them keep counter tops clean. Would have been 5* if they included wires as well
Durable case. My only issue is with talking with people on the other end not being able to hear me very well or clearly.
I rarely use my CD player so this sits in a good place on my console. I like the fact that it does not need to stick to the windshield. The mount loosens over time so I give the thumb screw a turn every week os so. Otherwise does a good job. just the sure that your CD player bay is in a convenient visual position.
Phone screen just cracked today... now let's see if I actually receive a new liquid screen protector and the $150 to replace my phone.
I bought the case, cause I like the look of it, and there was a cover for the charging port. The only issues I have are that we cover for the charging port doesn't seem to wanna stay closed all the way and the hole for the finger print sensor is a little deep. Other than those things, it's a pretty good cover.
I've had other screens that had better guide stickers to get it lined up. Because it's cut small- doesn't cover the entire screen to give room for a case (more than necessary but almost all are like that now)- can be touchy to get it just right. But, the quality of the screen once on and clarity is great. No complaints about it once on!
It's Ok. Works. Probably 5 stars if $15 but at that price, should have been better.
I really like the feel. It works great with my phone and to listen to my PC audio. BUT, on Skype the other end only hears a buzz. I have tried two of these headsets from different sources and the same issue present itself?
delivered on time, quality is to be as expected. the glass slightly shortens the width a little bit but not to much to care. over good product would recommend!
Got mine today and pretty happy with it. I think this will be great for camping. Flashlight is much brighter than I would thought but wish I could dim the light. It's too much light when your outdoors in pitch black in your tent. My big problem with this is charging. They really don't explain the duel charging and the users guide shows it wrong. What kinda wall charger? How many watts also can you uses two quick chargers at the same time to charge it. I even called them about this issue I didn't really get an answer. I just don't want to damage the battery so for now I'll just charge with a usb c.
So far these bluetooth headphones are worth the money. I bought these for my daughter and at first I was worried that they would be cheaply made, especially once I unpacked them from the box. She loves them, however I wish they had a sound limit to protect her ear drums against being too loud. If they would have had that capability then I would have given them 5 stars.
Just what I needed! Holds my phone super secure for using gps on my moped. Charging port is a great bonus and easy to hook up. Has a switch to cut it off so it doesn't drain your battery. Took away one star cuz switch is under cover and super tiny. Easy to forget to cut it off. But it does light up when on. Which helps. Wouldn't hesitate to buy again
I should have checked but didn't this barely fits with an Otterbox. Other than that (which was my fault really) It was what was discribed.
I bought this for a road trip with a friend. We charged phones, cameras, and tablets. No fighting over Android and iOS. It doesn't stay as snug in smaller shallow lighter sockets but which is why I gave it 4 stars. However, I would recommend this over others out there
I say is perfect don't need much space
When I first attempt to put the screen protector on it had a ton of bubbles and it looked horrible. I tried a few more times but couldn't get it perfect. I almost bought another one. After about 2 day all the bubbles smother out by themselves and now it's perfect. I haven't dropped my phone yet but this screen is very thick so I have no doubt that it will protect my phone.
These are not the best sounding speakers out there. Not even close, but they are a great value. For the money these speakers deliver. Very happy with the purchase.
Screen was pretty easy to install. Home button, camera, and prox sensor all worked fine. I have 3 other iPhone 6s phones and comparing the replacement screen to the original apple screens the replacement is definitely not as bright and a bit dull however kids will be just fine with this and will probably break again so this worked out just fine. These phones are only worth $200 new now so $35 makes more sense than $140 apple store replacement cost.
Overall, I think this case is great! It does exactly what I want it to do - hold my cards so I don't have to carry my purse everywhere. I've been able to shove 3 cards + a $20 bill in it with no problems. It has also been able to withstand my clumsiness. I can't count how many times I've dropped it and both the case and my phone are intact with very little scuff marks. The only thing some may have an issue with is that dye from clothing, and probably purses or backpacks, does rub off on the material and can make it look dirty - you can see that in the pictures I posted. For me personally, it kind of bothers me so I'll be purchasing the black one this time. If you prefer a lightweight case, you may want to look elsewhere. It's not super heavy but it does add some weight, especially if you plan on carrying the max it can hold. I've had the case 6+ months and the only reason I'm buying a new one is because of the discoloration. I highly recommend!
So far so good, tho I just received it, it's been easy to setup an easy to use, I love being core free and being able to stream over Bluetooth was a no brainier for me!
Performed as advertised.
Speedy service and very pleased with the product! They are very pretty and comfortable on your neck...I would just add a navy blue or blue shade to the variety and then they would be perfect!
Be careful of the center clip and dont push it too much or the plastic might crack
Great product so far. Three months in and only one cable stopped working
I'm not sure if wireless charging, in general, is slower than a direct plug, but I do know this device is slower. It also gets rather warm, I moved it such that it gets air from the AC. Lastly, if you don't put a phone in it, it can get annoying opening and closing with slightest movements. Other than those slight faults, the device is great and at a good price.
I really like this case ,but you cannot use headphones 😩
Works better than my phone. I'm about as disenchanted now as I can by with my POS Pixel 1 but let me tell you, despite being annoyed at the special snowflake design that Google wants me to have to charge my phone this one is great.
Very nice, compact charger that works well. My only suggestion for improvement would be to give it a weighted base to make it a bit more stable on the table top.
Charges quick . I like it
So far so good. It does not come with the screen cover though but seem to be working great thus far. I am pleased with the product thus far.
Very comfortable in the ear and audio output is good. The built in charger case is very convenient as well. Probably one of my favorite feature is that when I remove the earpiece from the case, it automatically turns on and when I'm done, it put the earpiece back in the case and it automatically turns off which is very convenient. The one negative I found with this is the microphone. I noticed it's not very clear on the other end (how people hears me). Not a major issue for me because I hardly use it for calling but mainly to listen to my morning and evening youtube podcasts during my bus commute.
Very nice cables, just wish both ends could be inserted either way.
Definitely a band for men only. It is very heavy, but it does have the tools necessary to remove links included, which is a nice bonus. If you don't want to remove links yourself, you can get it done at a jeweler for about $10. I will say this band is very high quality and looks like it would last beyond the life of the tracker, so definitely a good value. The product description should say it's a man's band, I think.
Love this watch band. Had to remove 3 links from it to fit my wrist but it's very comfortable and attractive. Can be dressed up or dressed down. I've worn it non stop since my purchase.
I like the appearance of the case. It fits the J7 Refine and the power button operates though it is a little stiff. The case is a bit slippery.
What do I like about this watch? * Easy to set up * Easy to use * Great battery life. * App doesn't forget my notification settings (the Vector Watch app forgot them every time the apps updated). What don't I like? * The charging cradle (proprietary and sometimes hard to get the watch situated). * It doesn't/can't delete notifications from your phone (I came from a Vector Watch, which can). * It's a rigmarole to install new watch faces (I still can't get it to work) and of the onboard ones only a couple are worth using. With all of that said: this is a great entry-level smartwatch, and if you're on the fence about buying one, give the Bip a shot. You might love it and then not need to upgrade, and if you do want more functionality, you're only out $70 and you can give the Bip to your kid or whatever. I am happy with my purchase.
These are working out just fine, we have only had them a couple of days, however there were suppose to be 5 cords and we only got 4.
Arrived in time. Easy set up. Easy to use. Works great .
Case is great and I have not noticed any drop-off in screen sensitivity at all. I've dropped my phone a few times and it remains well protected.
First of all, I love the rose gold color of this case! It looks much more expensive than it is. I can attest that it protects my phone very well, as I am prone to dropping it. If there is any downside here it is that sometimes I find it difficult to remove the case from the phone, but to me that is a minor detail. I am very happy with this case and the low price is an added bonus!
I like that 3 came in the pack which is good because it broke after 3 days. However, it cracks in a safe way no worry of glass shards transferring to fingers
I like this product. It's been holding up for quite a while. The only thing that sucks about this is when the battery gets low enough, it starts saying “battery low” over and over.
It is a good case but sometimes feels like it's hard to open the charging flap
Product is great and lightweight; perfect for me because it was bulky.
Works well no need to charge :)
Good fit, but I needed something more sturdy and thinker
I love the length of these chords. They allow me to comfortably continue to use my phone or Kindle while they are charging. The chords are flexible and durable and there are three of them, so they are totally worth the price!
Goes on the iPad pro 11” 2018 and fits correctly. Confirmed: this has a cutout for the Face ID camera and does not interfere with that function. Edges nicely beveled and the screen is properly responsive. My only complaint is that it lacks an install alignment tool.
They play good for the price. Easy to install.
Edit: the company sent me a new one that also came with a quick charge wall adapter. This charges much faster and all the way when using the wall adapter Waste of money. Had my phone on it all night and it only managed to charge up to 73 percent
My wife loves the case. So far its been great she has had it for a while now and there is no pealing or cracking. Also it has been dropped a few times and the phone is undamaged.
Not much for protection but it's cute and fits great.
Works great and changes fast! My only complaint is that the base could be a bit heavier because it does tend to get a little top-heavy and fall over if you don't position it properly.
Everything works fine. Some say the touch is a little finicky but if you go into settings and calibrate it you won't have any problems. The GPS maps are old (this system was made in 2015) but they're not hard to update. The navigator is on a micro sd card in the front just pop it out and plug it into your computer, find the current version and replace the old one. The only thing I don't like is the wireless back up camera. They don't give you any instructions for it and once you figure out how to do it you'll find that it doesn't really hand a steady broadcast. HOW TO INSTALL BACK UP CAMERA: 1. Check the little label on each piece to tell which is the receiver and which is the camera. 2. Plug the 12v adapter into the red plug on the camera half. 3. Splice the red (positive cable) into your reverse bulb positive wire. 4. Ground the black wire to any metal or to the negative wire coming from the reverse bulb. Part 2 1. Splice the red (positive) wire from the monitor/receiver half into the accessory wire. 2. Ground the black wire to any metal. (I used one of the screws in the stereo mounting cage) 3. Ignore the other red plug on the monitor half. You don't need it. Ignore the purple reverse wire coming off the stereo wiring harness as well. And you're done! If you did everything right it should work.
Love this product. Very easy to use.
Definitely does what its made for. Id recommend it. I have to be honest, and say it does have that cheaper electronic from China feel, but it works well, and with minimal setup and attention required. (Automatically starts up and off with car, records with motion to save space) Picture Quality is okay, definitely enough for my concerns but could be better. Works very well in low light.
Don't know if it is actually mifi certified or not, the box didn't have the label for it... so I doubt it. However, it is holding up nicely and I love the length. I haven't had a problem with it.
Product seems fine. It just arrived, still have to put it to use. Just wanted to comment that as of this post the cheaper version ships from China (a note that I missed at time of purchase) which took a little over 2 weeks for delivery so if you're in a rush pay a bit more for the Amazon delivered option.
Great instructions on cleaning and installation. But. It's like a millimeter too small on each side and 2 top and bottom.
Love the look and the feel only day one and it's survived my 2 year old lol. But my phone charger doesn't fit. I have to remove the case to charge.
Packaging arrived damaged but product inside was fine. Can't speak to durability but it fits well and solves the issue of having a seperate screen protector that would peel up with a case on.
I love it, it's a great product. The rubber doesn't seem to fit right, it's a little off. Either way, I dropped it like 100 times already and my phone is still breathing..
I gave it 4 stars only because the phone case is a little loose. Besides that, I love it!
The case is awesome and it fits great and all but the magnet part u kinda got to be a lil careful or itll fall out n smash to ground..but if ur careful with ur phone its super great!
It is loud enough, it takes my phone a little bit to hook up and get working, but that could be my phone. Overall I am happy.
no comment, it pretty good cover
I got the Charges few days ago.it quickly and it still keeps charging when the phone on a hotspot. And It is easy to put on the charger as well. It makes it very simple to just place on the charger and forget it to let it charge while the indicator makes it easy to tell that it is connected. It is like magic!
Not the absolute best sound quality but it does work great and has a pretty long range from your device. Long lasting battery and doesn't pick up audio from vehicles you are driving(semi trucks for me)
Does what I want and stays in place!
Super handy!!! It's small and when I'm out, if my phone dies, it will charge it to 100% with no problem. I haven't timed it but it doesn't take long at all and the cool thing is you can use it on the go.
Its stylish and convenient being able to hold so many cards. Thick rubber makes me feel my phone is safe only con is i have to take the corner of the case off to get my stylus out.
Wish it would have indicate light so I would know its charging or not, or when it's done charging. Other than that I do like it.
It gives good protection for phone but it doesn't look as nice, the plastic and screen covering looks cheaper. But if you just want protection only then this would be a good product for it.
Very bulky but expected as it is a portable battery
Solid clasp, but I'm the percentage where it's too tight or too loose depending on how many links I keep.
I like the fact that it is only one piece and does not look bulky
Only complaint is the screen SLIGHTLY faded due to the sun... not bad though just enough to bother my ocd lol
I really LOVE this case. I would have given it 5 stars but the only issue I have is once the case is on, you cannot reach your mute switch unless you have LONG nails. I had to use a letter opener to reach it, but it isn't a HUGE deal because I don't care about that switch too much haha. If I want to mute a call I just press the down button. Anyway, I love the color and style. The case seems to be pretty sturdy. A lot sturdier than I thought it would be actually. I have yet to drop the phone, but if I do and the case does not hold up, I will amend this review.
Same form factor as the Motorola headset but not as comfortable and without the voice (Interaction is via beeps and lights). The one I got is a good deal for the price, but don't expect a $50+ headset for $10.
These stands are great for reading or watching videos... They are plastic so not the most durable... A metal version would be great and I think ppl would be willing to pay more for a more durable metal version... Base (where your phone rests) should be bigger to more easily accommodate phones with heavy duty cases... But all in all nice product... I love that you can easily carry in pocket and take anywhere! I would and already have recommend this product
So I like everything about it but it's damn near impossible to keep junk out of the inside of the case
Got this clock to replace a small white one (that had finally died) in the bathroom. Turns out it's perfect. Even though in the bath, it needs to be quiet as I'm very sensitive to ticking. This one is super quiet. It has a cooler retro look than I expected! The clock didn't need to look great next to the sink but it does, and the black sort of goes with my dark soap dispenser and lotion bottle. It feels solid and is keeping good time so far.
Got phone and the heat from being in delivery truck loosened back glass seal. Had to take off and re-center and it mostly is on now and being in case it is pressed on. Not a mark on phone. Charged and left phone off and it drained to 88% which I am told is what the battery life is so the 80% or better life held true on the phone I got. For the price I am not disappointed. For 14$ I can buy a back glass with seal or 8$ for just a seal so not a complain able problem as the video I watched uses heat to open the back so the hot truck helped that along.
I like it. I wish the range was a little better.
love everything about the case but the kickstand is flimsy, hard to unclick and just pointless.
Make sure you are ordering the correct item to fit your phone
had n problem putting my Pixel 2 xl in this case.
The quality is good for the price
I have had the case for one day. Early impression is good fit and finish. Buttons and ports line up correctly. They are stiff but the hopefully will loosen up through use. The screen is covered and nests nicely in the rear portion. The rubber bumpers are of a harder material than I would have expected. Most bumper cases of this ilk use a softer material to lessen energy transfer upon impact. Hopefully this will be fine. The plastic screen protector and the translucent rear are terrible smudge magnets. Be prepared to carry a microfiber cloth with you all the time. The clear back also makes the case some what slippery. I would have perfered an option with a more tactile material on the back of the case. I could care less about seeing the rear of the phone. I am pleased with the initial quality of the case. At 20 dollars I feel like the case is about five dollars too much but with not a lot of early options I do not regret my purchase.
Works great. Only problem is the bottom part of the rubber (teal) doesn't adhere properly to the bottom part of the plastic (light green) so there's a bit of a gap at the bottom of the phone.
OEM handle breakage must be a known common problem, and the OEM replacement is expensive. This is a good substitute at a fair price. The color is a bit off, and was a little hard to snap into place at first, but it works well at 1/3 the price of OEM
This is a well packaged and easy to install product. They provide you all the tools you need to ensure proper installation. Quick and easy to read instructions. I would purchase again.
Love this case. Love the compartment. Only problem is I dropped it from sitting position and the back slide door broke off. Now it's ruined.....had to throw away. Only got to use it for about a week.
Great Product. Protects phone great
It is as described. Unfortunately, I didn't notice that the front of it doesn't have color so if it's on something dark, it's hard to detect immediately if it's facing up. I always seem to leave it on my leather recliner and I can't see it unless I look carefully. 😕
Love this long phone charger cord . They do break down easily. But you have a warrenty with the company !
Good filament. the only reason I gave 4 stars is because it is difficult to get it on the master spool correctly so that it isn't loose. Loose filament on a roll will tangle and snap. Also it has a strong smell. Otherwise as good as Hatchbox!
Very pretty but a bit bulkier than I expected but love the design
I've had this case for 5 months now. I dropped my phone a few times and it kept my phone protected. The edges of the case are now cracked and the sides are dented. There are no discoloration. I think it's good for what it is considering the price. I've tried other cases around the same price point and design but the others didn't work for me so I'll be buying this one again.
Ok phone mount. Not great not bad. It does the job.
not bad at all for the price.
I liked the bands. Idle the durable bands. I would have given 5 stars but the blue band was missing the end piece to buckle the watch.
Works very well but the earpiece is not user friendly it hurts the ear.and I don't really like the wire it should be wireless
It's good wireless pad but there is same thing I don't like it the led not stop blinking when I don't use it for charging and its disturb me in the night
Wife loves it, especially because she has the iPhone 8 red edition and she can show off the red color.
Good quality leather, a darker color with a weathered look would've been perfect. But overall i like the product.
Outstanding watch band. So far it's perect and holding up very well. Only reason for the 4 star rating is that it's very difficult to adjust the size. Sizing must be done by a jeweler or you run the risk of damaging the band.
Nice case, came with screen protector and it worked well
I'm am mostly satisfied with this phone case. The only negative is the inside material of the case stains easily, especially if it gets wet in any way, even from sweating. Otherwise this is a great product as it holds my phone securely and the magnetic closure holds up throughout movement!
I like the quality and flexibility of this cable. Just the right length to lay your phone on your desk or counter.
I like the color and the way it fits. Never had a loop before.
Great headphones for the price...only down side is they only hold a charge for 2 hours.
Does it's job as a case however the parts that are flaps to cover the charging port etc are super flimsy and have already torn off...other than that a great case
Watch the video as instructed. Still had s butch of bubbles. Kinda worked them out.... could be better.
Received product timely.looks good. Gave to my wife as gift. Fits good. Appearance good. Mot a five star rating due to no screen protector
I very much enjoy this radio only reason I don't give 5* is if you want this to make phone calls doing so it. It work beautifully for blue tooth music. However blue tooth phone calls they can't hear you lot of back ground noise and hard to hear them also.
Fits well in my iPhone, also looks good
Hard to hear without headphones. Charging can be challenging but overall good case
Looks and feels good. Does snag on tighter sleeve cuffs.
This is a nice keyboard, it's made of good material and the type writer keys are awesome. The switches are solid but the only thing is I wish there was a software to control the RGB LEDS although you can do it via the keyboard.
The case over all is very durable but the colors on my case changed super quick. I had the pink case and it has now turned purple
I like it but I thought the credit part would be different
I don't use portable chargers that often but I was really impressed with this one. It's really nice but the only problem I have is how heavy it is. Other than that great product!
Great alternative to a portable charger + cable. Solid fit on the phone and easy to seat in place and take out. I found it a little slipper in the hand, but I placed one of those phone rings and fits snug in my hand. If there was one knock against the LG G7, it was the battery life. This resolves that problem with a sleek design implementation.
This is the second one I've had. I liked my first one but this second one won't stay latched it just falls open. Can't use it.
Overall great case. Wish a little more durable.
For the price you can't beat it. It basically does what it says very impressed on the overall quality, great job guys!!
Great holster. Only problem is that I don't think the belt loops will hold up. Would be much better if they were made of nylon.
It is hard getting off and putting on
Keeps the phones water tight, but they are a very tight fit with the phone cases on. Being somewhat accident prone we need to have our phones in cases, so, while not a deal breaker, it does take a star off.
It feels good enough to protect my cellphone and I regret i did not choose the purple one. It is not as slim as i expected, but it is indeed a good product.
Arrived in a timely manner
These are absolutely adorable and hilarious. I use my phone on my desk at an animal shelter, and these are a fun conversation piece. Convenient that they come in a pack of 6, too, since I have a tendency to lose little things like this and find them again at random times, so I just rotate through them. They pop off pretty easily and go flying off and need to be put on at the right angle, but they usually work fine as long as they aren't jostled much. The suction cups work better if you dampen them a little before adhering to the phone. Still definitely worth it for the cuteness factor.
Great quality leather, well made. The color is exactly the same as pictured.
I bought this for my husband and the only complaint he has is the watch seems to lose some of its touch sensitivity.
Work great once you figure out how to pair both at once for stereo sound.
Lightweight and very durable. Gets fingerprints easily though...
given as a gift - she like it
LOTS OF BASS. Do not buy these if you're looking for a naturally flat EQ, but if you are a bass head, these are perfect. The actual quality of sound is awesome for this price point. The lows are punchy but not crunchy. Drums feel much more dynamic and alive in most of the music I've tried. The highs are not pushed forward in the mix, but they have a pleasant sound and clarity.
The wireless Bluetooth headset is very suitable for the current iPhone, and the charging of the mobile phone does not affect using earbuds when playing games. It is more comfortable, and it will not hurt your ears after using for a long time. The biggest advantage is that the Bluetooth is automatically connected to the phone after removal from the case, and after put it back, it is automatically disconnected.
The writing on the ribbon of the packages are all backwards. But the overall color and design is very good. I did not use a liner and as long as you do not spray directly on the curtain you should not need one.
I purchased this lens kit as a gift to my nephew and he likes it very much. All of the lens fit nicely inside the case that is included. You can use the lens on almost any phone with the easy clip on feature. I found that the fish-eye len and the close-up len to be the most practical for the samsung galaxy phone that we tested on. The quality is decent and can be a fun experimental experience for my teenage nephew!
It's possibly too heavy duty for the intended use. Doesn't untangle easily as it is very stiff, may not fit your device if enclosed in a protective case due to the size of the plug housing, the braid feels rough/coarse which probably contributes to the untangling issue. I probably won't buy again due to the above concerns but I experienced no problems with data transmission. Have a feeling this cord will last a long time as long as no one uses it to rope calves although it would probably work as a leash for a small dog.
I like how it looks when I put it on it's pretty nice I just wish it had the corners cut so when I put it on it wouldnt have some raised areas. I might have just put it on wrong but I don't think so because I aligned all the holes correctly. Overall not bad though.
The case is incredibly sturdy and the hook at the top doesn't bother me at all, in fact it helps me feel which end is the top when it's dark. The case fits on the phone very well and doesn't show any signs of stretching. My only frustration with this case is that it has become incredibly discolored, even with regular cleaning. I don't use the stand very often, but it's a pretty flimsy one and I would imagine with more use it would be broken within a couple months. Overall a great case!
Fun cheap watch I will buy again. Battery life is short
All around a great item! It charges easily and quickly and mounts easily as well! It is built very well and sturdy. The only issue I've had is sometimes you have to reach around to push the button on the back of the mount so it will grasp the phone properly. But I'm fine with that because this is a wonderful and great, and helpful, product. I've already told my friends about it!!
This case is nice and looks very stylish! Perfect fit for my phone.
This charger works great for travel.
tight on wrist and fell apart
It works okay but it doesn't hold a good charge
Haven't installed it yet, material seems a little flimsy but for the price, it's great.
Really bulky.. But pretty
She loved it fit great
Very handy, easy to handle and utilize, also stays in the wall socket better than others that size.
Would have liked it to come with an extension.
Very tough and rugged. Will definitely protect the device. Only complaint is about the piece that holds the end of the strap down keeps sliding off leaving the end sticking out and catching on things.
My daughter in law was having issues with her phone but not anymore. Since I bought her this watch, she has found it a lot easier to use.
when i purchased, the picture showed a black back with black rubber sides. however, when i got it, the sides are black rubber, but the back is clear. disappointed, since it's not what i had expected, but aside from that, it's a nice case. feels good, not huge or cumbersome, raised edges around the camera to keep it safe.
I had high hopes for this power bank, and for the most part, it delivers as promised. I like the built in cables and my Google Pixel 2 phone has a USB C connector (conveniently one of the cables). Unfortunately the attached USB C cable does not charge the phone using Power Delivery (PD) which is what I wanted. The only way to charge via PD is to plug your own USB C to USB C cable into one of the outlets on the side, which also serves as the quick charge port for the power bank itself. For this reason I docked this review one star, but it really should be only 1/2 star. To be fair, this shortfall was disclosed in the question and answer section in the description, but until I re-read it, I thought it meant that PD was only delivered from the USB C cable, not the port. I was going to return the device, but determined that the convenience of the permanently attached cables countered this 'problem'. Even using non-PD power the Pixel charges pretty fast.
Seems good. A little slippery with carbon fiber option
Works very well, love it.
App wasn't user friendly. Have to install multiple times. Other than that the watch is good. Can answer calls and text.
These are great!! Perfect for the gym, traveling and I love using them as hands free in the car. They come with so many different kinds and sizes of ear buds.
This Case is great...just a little loose on the bottom..but no big deal..I am enjoying it
Slim and loop on back is very useful
Only issue is I have a bubble in the middle of the screen. Watched the video seemed like a million times and still got a bubble. Otherwise it works good. I guess I can live with the bubble.
Basic phone case with screen protector. I like it, works for what I need ! Wish they threw in a couple screen protectors with it though
For some reason it will sometimes not work but possibly damp or foggy inside not sure why, the other ones were got are awesome
The case is BEAUTIFUL! I carry it everywhere everyday. Mostly on its own (not in a purse). The only thing to know is that it holds 3 cards MAX Anything more and it will not close and will eventually tear the fabric backing on the card holder. Also unable to carry money or business cards in the section behind the cards... because again, it won't close. Aside from capacity restrictions, this wallet is beautiful, sturdy and I'm certain the leather will last for many years. It is really substantial thick leather! It's a great value and I'd buy it again!
Looks great, it's not bulky, and the kickstand is awesome. I've dropped the phone many times since getting the case and it's protected it completely. Only 4 stars because the back is uneven - when the phone is laying on a flat surface it will wobble because the kickstand sticks out farther than the rest of the case.
Okay but seems cheap
I was looking for a holder for my large iphone 6sPlus and found this one. It works horizontal of course the finger holders don't get in the way of the screen. If I put it vertical it gets in the way, so I only use it horizontally.
I bought this as a gift so I do not know how they like it but it came fast in great condition!
It's a good case! Very pretty but there is a weird mark on the back of it where the glitter lives around. Other than that I love it! Looks exactly like the picture!
it a little bigger face then my series apple 1 watch.
Just starting using this and it works really well so far. The magnet is very strong and the phone doesn't move even when I go over bumps while driving.
I really love the case and it is very durable and tough and I like the look, however, my WiFi reception took quite a hit. Where I had a lower signal originally I now drop WiFi with the case installed which is a real bummer.
I have used multiple bands for my iwatch 2 and this is the best so far. if I could suggest any improvements it would be to have the perforated band all the way around. I bought it for exercise and work both of which I perspire.
This is my 2nd order for this product. The magnet is not as strong in my 2nd one as it is in the first one.
Nice charger. Be careful ordering this depending on the case you have. The right angle does not allow the cable to plug all the way into my phone with the case on.
Really cute case and easy to put on. Only complaint is that it got dirty fast, I ordered mine 6 months ago and it's not clean at all. When I have tried cleaning it dirt just won't come off. Otherwise it's good, protects my phone well.
It could get dirty easily but I recommend it. It works very well
I love the product just that it has problems with wireless charging.
Like the stand but case is very slippery. Very hard to hang onto phone
Didnt see how long it was when ordered, super short.
Easy to install and its hard to tell if you have a screen protecter on .
Hard to get to anything on the watch, besides the clock. The battery lasts 1 week for me, pretty good for the price...too bad it doesn't come with more interchangeable bands...
Works. Looks good. Easy to install.
securely mounts iphone on tripod. recommended
100% battery life! It's about time! I have been buying iPhones for my mother and myself for years, first time ever getting one with a new battery, thank you! Great phone, great packaging, great price!
Product arrived as described.. packaged and shipped on time.
I like this wallet but I did have another that had a magnet that held the phone . It was great because I could take the phone out easily. This one is probably safer, but not as easy to use.
Because I miss my iPhone 7 cover which was soft and easy to eject from my iPhone . This one is stiff and hard to remove. always hits my mute switch when I try to remove the phone.
Great product!!!!! I will place another order.
It's a very nice case, and I love the magnetic phone protector it comes with. The only thing I don't like is the center sleeve. I wish I would have done a little bit more research because, it's very bulky once you start adding all your credit cards in the wallet sleeves. Overall, still a good bargain.
There is only one gripe that I have with Jackery that keeps it from being perfect: The thing is very hard to hold on to. I believe that the exterior finish is anodized aluminum (I'm not a materials expert - I may be wrong). It's not that the finish lacks quality; it doesn't. It is well-made. But it is extremely slick and will want to slide out of your hand. I dropped my the first day that I owned it. I contacted the company and suggested that they put rubber inserts on the sides to make the unit "sticky". I have put two wide rubber bands around mine to make it easier to keep a grip on. As far as charging goes, it is great. And that is what I bought it for. So for those emergency situations where you and your phone are away from an AC outlet or a USB jack, you've got a backup. I travel a great deal on business. Waiting in airports, electrical outlets are sometimes hard to find. Or, if you do find them, they are often crowded. The Jackery is great - just plug your phone in and you're good to go. Again, a quality product. Well-made and reliable. Just a slippery little bugger that wants to pop out of your hand.
Good wireless charger and is portable
Case fits good on zte zmax pro by metro PCS. One down fall is the case is heavy with phone . Grip is good. Easy to put on.
When using these together they actually some surprisingly well for how tiny the speakers look.
What I liked made the friend I bought it for very happy!
i puchased this type of case because i had one very similar to it with my last iphone which was a 5. i really like the idea that with the closing part of the case, my iphone glass is always protected, especially when in my pocket. i also purchased at the same time as this case a wireless charging pad and with the case on, i cannot use the wireless pad. i kinda figured it wouldn't but i would rather protect the glass than to be able to charge wirelessly. my wife has the luxury of the wireless pad. again, i am very pleased with the case.
The phone is big. Case makes it bigger.
Works exactly as advertised. The outside shell is a bit thin, making it seem a bit more fragile than I'd like for a portable device. The addison of a case was a good idea.
Good product overall. It will even be better if the base is firmer. Will buy again.
Bought for a week long bike ride. Slow charging but works for what I needed.
Works as advertised, no directions, make sure that screw is on the bottom, I was missing a screw, just happened to have another the same size to use to grip both ball sockets. Rode today for 25 miles, never moved, don't think it's going to either.
Fits great. Cute. But looks like it was printed off a computer. Still love it.
Has some gaps but not bad. Fit my alpine single din alright.
I get so many compliments ont his phone case, but it is starting to peel/wear off within two months. I will need to replace it by four months probably. Some people may change their covers that often, but I usually don't. It is not expensive though so maybe it isn't a big deal. Either way, that is the only flaw in this beautiful cover.
It is hard to open the compartment at first, but I guess it loosens eventually and it works fine.
Love this screen protector. Fits the phone perfectly. Doesn't come off due to the case. Feels smooth. Leave smudges. Have to constantly wipe clean. No bubbles.
Starting to peel after a few months but it's in my car and it's been sat on and pulled on and it s works fine.
I bought these items a month ago and everything is as expected. I placed them in 2 different places at home, one at work and one in my car. I used them regularly and have had no problems.
These are nice earbuds and decent quality for the price My daughter uses them everyday and says she likes them a lot
Liked having extra battery life
Came quickly. Nice packaging and instructions. Included wipes and microfiber cloth. Website had nice video. Went on without bubbles. My only complaint is the whole speaker cutout was shifted by 3/16 in to the right, but just barely does not cover speaker because it was oversized. I don't know how they screwed up the die for a G4 Plus Other cutouts ok . I got it off by a little as you can see in photo, but you can clearly see speaker cutout issue
Intuitive installation with dual firmness clamp to vent louvre depending on thickness. Secure hold of phone with adjustable padded closure and button release on back. Super value!
quality could have been somewhat better
Arrived on time and as described thank you
The phone case itself is pretty sturdy, only a 4 star rating from me because you can really only fit one card and anything more than that won't work, other than that the case itself is nice quality and it's cute!
Sound quality won't blow you away but works great for what I need it to do. I would recommend it.
good case, nicely priced. does protect. slim and sleek.
the stand is a bit flimsy for me but it works once you get it to actually bend correctly(its a bit stiff out of the box) blocks wireless charging and is a bit too thick in my case. will probable use this case when i need to take my id but don't want a whole wallet.
Sturdy enough for everyday use.
I like how this charger is a stand. It works perfect
At first I had issues with screen sensitivity, but after adjusting the placement and pressing the glass from the center out it got better.
Yes, very satisfied with my order...Thanks!
Bought 3 of these so far. Decided to go with the ocean blue this time over the black. This case is pretty much a must for any note 9 owners. The tempered glass has saved me hundreds from all the drops my note has been encountering recently lol. Side note the tempered glass has fallen out a couple times after some serious falls but my screen was still kept in tact. A common issue for anyone whose had a curved screen with a tempered glass screen protector in the recent years but its far from being the worse.
Good case. Fit well.
This is really anti glare but feels a little sticky but after all it works fine!!
I received the wireless charger mat for my model 3 and proceeded to inspect the box and contents. The presentation of the box was OK, and maybe it could have been a little bit more special, perhaps with black cardboard with a nice logo. Opening the box reveals the carefully wrapped charging mat and the USB splitter cables with some double-sided tape and instructions. The instructions are clear, indicating that the map must be installed a certain way, and if using the Y cables, noting the Y cables have different thicknesses, one for data and one for power. Using the supplied Y cables, I am able to charge my devices and use the dash cam and USB for data transfer. Although obvious, the instructions do not spell out how to use the provided double-sided tape. The wireless charging pad is made of high-quality plastic with no sharp edges and is properly put together. It seems to match the quality decor of the Tesla Model 3. The only thing I would change would be the quality of the light indicators. I would probably choose to have the lights of solid color white when charging, and then turn solid green when the charging is complete; with red as error. The selection of the color orange for the light seems like it is less fancy than it could be. I connected the cables to the car from the mat and proceeded to place my phone on the mat to make sure that both charging pads worked. They worked well. My phone was properly accepting power and charging at a reasonable rate. In general, I would recommend charging with a wire as it is always going to be much faster, but the convenience of using a wireless charging mat is evident if you are taking a long trip and do not need to hold your phone. The charging mat sat well replacing the rubber mat provided by Tesla and the only negative aspect to this is that the wireless charging mat has to be fixed in place with double-sided tape, which I am not a fan of. I would have liked some other mechanism, such as taking advantage of the four slots that are used by the rubber mat provided by Tesla. After installation, the console opened correctly without any issue and the only thing to note is that you lose the ability of routing cables to charge phones via wire, as you could do before. It would have been nice to keep that feature in case you have a passenger which wants to charge their phone via the wired dock, but I guess we can't have it all. Small note: If Tesla ever implemented Apple carplay, albeit unlikely, this wireless mat may be an issue because most Carplay systems require that the phone be wire-connected to the car to get power and data. In general, this is an excellent product with good design and craftsmanship, and I would recommend it if you are really needing this type of feature which Tesla left out of their premium sedan. On a side note, with apple recently canceling their wireless home charging mat, this move might spell the end of wireless charging for Apple phones in the future; which may limit the market for this wireless charging mat, unless you use Android.
Personal use. Bought it used. Great price! Nice condition as the seller said. Prompt shipping. Very enjoyable transaction.
Works as it should! So far!
The battery case is great. I never run out of juice and it's just as described. There's just one thing that could be better. The case offers no protection for the front of the phone. It has no borders that are raised slightly to protect the screen in the event of a drop and it's just a little bit bigger than I expected. Other than that, excellent battery case.
This product was perfect in protecting the phone and I was till able to use almost all features with it. The only thing that did not line up was the volume down button on the Samsung Galaxy S9+. Which made it difficult when adjusting volume (worked around it by turning volume up to get the slider on screen and then dragging the slider down on the touchscreen) and I couldn't do any screenshots with the case on either. First few times opening the case is really hard and had to use something to pry it open afterward it started to open more easily. kept the same level of waterproofness regardless.
The part works good the screws are junk go to your local hardware store and get some stainless steel screws
They last about 1 year then the holder cracks (I've had 4 so far). No big deal, for the money it functions just fine
I really don't know. Got it for my boyfriend. He seems to like it ok.
Cute, fits as expected. The latch part gets wear to it and doesn't latch right
It's pretty cool. I used it at a small family gathering and it worked pretty well. The sound is smooth and it actually plays for a long time without needing to charge. I like that I have the aux option, so it's good when using devices that don't work with Bluetooth.
Received this product very fast! Took about four days after order was placed! It is a gift for my boyfriend but I got excited about it so I tested it out for about a day to make sure he would like it and if the reviews I previously looked at were true. I only used it for about a day, and he will not be receiving it till Christmas so I did not have the chance to get a good idea on battery life but the product was a little difficult to get used to as the whole screen isn't tough screen just the bottom. Something I wish I could change is be able to control what order I would like the features to appear when scrolling through each screen. Overall, great product for the price!
The cover looks and functions as per description, I'm overall happy with it, but the lower front section of the plastic frame does not lock well with the protective rubber section.
I love this band. The one thing I wish it would do is operated awhile away from my cell phone. It is great though and tracks so many things.
Works great and looks better than having the dongle hanging out.
Okay. Doesn't stay in the socket with heavy plugs such as laptop plugs.
Works good for the price, would be better if a little louder receive volume.
Wanted to love this but it's larger and heavier than I expected. Super cute tho
I love that it has 3 credit card slots & a nice space for bills. It's bigger than what I expected. Case fits my phone perfectly! Great purchase!!! I'm overall very happy with my case!
Fast drone, had a problem with GPS function.
Ok... Ends come apart a bit but they are still charging after months of use.
The screen protector adhered well when I first put it on. There is a pop on rim that fits around the phone for an easy fit so placing the screen protector in the correct location was very easy. The screen protector works well in protecting my phone
This case is super slim and does work as needed. It is not some military grade, fat, ugly, expensive, crazy case. If you drop your phone on a hard surface. The case will break. Note: I said the case would break, Not the phone. I am sure that if you drop it off of a high ladder on a concrete surface, the phone might break. I have dropped my phone with this case from between waist high to chest high on concrete and blacktop several times with no damage to the phone. I have had to replace the case a couple of times. The cost of the case is cheap and well worth the svelte handling and appearance it has with the phone. You barely know it is there. The texture of the case surface really gives you a confident grip. My only complaint is the color is not close to the picture. I understand that my viewing on computer screens will vary from real life, but there is a difference between the Vibrant Blue of the picture and the subdued, much darker color of the case in real life. Still looks and feels great though!
The case offers the protection I need for the phone.
Not quite sturdy enough but excellent for the price
I loved my iPhone case until it cracked and the liquid ran out, but I did have it for a long time. The effect of the moving glitter was cool and pretty. It kept my phone from breaking or cracking
Band is a little small but fits fine around my wrist. I own a Note 8 and the phone fit fine. Will be doing a run tomorrow to see how well it holds up. Rubber that holds the phone in place seems like it might not see much use out of it. Just hoping it will hold up for a few months.
Love the design, chips a little on the strap but expected for the price. Holds what I need well
The case is great! This replaces another case that destroyed itself when it protected my phone. I gave it 4 stars because the only part that isn't protected is the ringer on/off area, which is an empty hole. The other buttons are well covered, but at first, I thought that it just fell off or was defective. However the photo does she there is a hole there. Strange to me. Otherwise this is a good, tough case.
I bought the rose gold, the rose color started showing wear from just being in my purse. After having for a long time the pink part also detached from the black rubber part. It did serve its purpose of protecting my phone so I am giving this four stars. It was inexpensive and I did have it for a really long time. I also purchased the black for my husband and his is a bit slimmer, I ended ordering the same one for myself.
I needed long cables to reach from the outlet to my bed and these are great.
Nice sturdy case for cheap price.
I love the watch band. It makes my iwatch look dressier.
It appears to work as described; that's all I can ask.
The volt-meter is handy, but the 2.1amp USB charges phones extremely slowly... I can't fault the product or the seller because it is listed as a 2.1 amp, I just didn't realize HOW slow it would be.
It doesn't charge at the same rate as the original charger and it sometimes heats up. The watch also says to use the original charger while charging. But it is a good second charger in my opinion just to get some quick refills to get you through the while
Simple... very nice!!
i recommend this product!
Almost as I expected, the picture on the case is faded and not as clear as I would've liked.
These are excellent. If they consistently worked with Apple Car Play, I would give them 5 stars. I asked them before ordering if they would work and they said they may not work with it. I ordered 3 and they worked with it, so I ordered 15 more. The CarPlay is sketchy working part of the time and not other times. I still like them though. They're very handy, especially when driving.
I have had no problems as of yet
a lil too big but it's alright.
Easy to assemble. Looks great and great price.
Didn't expect greatness but received a very decent item. I was pleasantly surprised at the volume and ease in connecting.......small and discreet.
The cover over the “home” button does not allow me to use my thumb print to unlock my phone or use it to put in passwords.
Great product n quality
Zipped portion for money and cards does not open much so difficult to get money out and almost impossible to get change out as the coin pouch is VERY thin. But overall, happy with the wallet/phone case.
More of a plasticky metallic grey look. So I went with the black one and am usong this one as a backup since the return cost as much as the product.
This is a great phone for me. It has everything I need and more. You can't beat the price. It's a little confusing to find all the settings. I'm still looking for where the months and hours left is located. Other than a couple of small things, I am very pleased with my purchase.
These protectors fit my screen perfectly and don't interfere with either of my cases. No bubbles or peeling up at the sides. The only issue I have, is that they break verrrry easily, more so than any tempered glass I've used ever before. Thankfully it's a cheap replacement compared to my actual phone screen breaking, but it would be nice if they lasted a bit longer. Seems like most Tempered glass screen protectors for the OnePlus 6 have issues and bad reviews, but this set seems to do ok for me without being too expensive.
Really sparkly, my daughter's very pleased.
Works good, I have extended battery. Had to extend the arms with duct tape. Holds great though.
These are pretty good. Was expecting something to go wrong but for my first pair of true wireless earbuds I'm pretty impressed. They aren't really bassy but they do sound good. The manual says that if I double press the left earbud it'll activate google assistant and if I double press the right one it'll skip the next track but for some reason the controls are reversed on mine. Dont know if its happened to anyone else but it doesnt bother me as long as it works. Also a weird thing i noticed is that when I stand next to a microwave while its heating something up the sound will cut off but as soon as the microwave stops it won't cut off anymore haha. Either way these are pretty good :)
I liked my Cobble Pro True Wireless Earbuds. Unfortunately, it died after 21 months of use (average usage of 7 hrs./wk. My left earbud just won't turn on anymore, even though it's fully charged. If it last, I'm sure still enjoy the great quality of this unit. I have tried to contact the manufacturer. We'll see if I have any luck with that. I'll sure update this review if the manufacturer offer anything.
I use these to cancel engine sound (turbo props) while traveling on puddle jumpers. While some of the engine noise comes through, there is enough cancellation to make it bearable. I also use it to listen to audio books and music while traveling and lounging. The sound reproduction is very good and volume is easily managed at the bluetooth source. The headset itself is very comfortable to wear and the controls are easily accessible. The earcups fold inward to reduce the size of the unit when packed away. I know one of the more expensive noise cancellation headphones performs better, but for the price...a very good buy and highly recommended.
Packaged and Shipped Onetime and Professionally
This case also fits iPhone 8 Plus. Well made , adds a little weight but works for me since cases that are too light result in me dropping phone. Added perk: if you have a magnetic phone holder in your car, it will hold this case...
Applying the RinoGear film is easy, more so if you've used a wet application film for your cell, it's the same process. I wish there was solution already provided, it requires making your own but it's not difficult and it got the job done. There were several films included so it's a great deal.
Excellent wireless charger. My only complaint is with the flashing status light: it is quite bright which is annoying to have in an otherwise dark bedroom. But covering it up with some electrical tape takes care of it.
Good quality and sound.
I like the S9 case for the butterfly graphics. It is very thin and fits well in the pockets of my clothes. The denim feel of the case is also a nice feature to keep the phone from sliding out of my pockets. I did not get the Dust Plug in the package, which I did check thoroughly. I was not sure who to contact so I just regarded it as nonessential.
For the price they are really hard to beat.
Works great for working out, only problem I had was I had to take my phone case off to use the phone in it
This is a walkie talkie made for kids (5 and 7) and it works. I didn't want something I would just throw away in a month that just breaks. While we've only had it a few days, it seems like it'll last. The kids love it, it's made small for kids so it fits them. The price is a lot better than adult walkie talkies that work. While I might like it as an adult, they probably wouldn't find it as easy to use. Highly recommended.
Love it! Had ordered a different brand last year and it started to break so I found these for the same price as one and I thought I would give them a try. Work great and I like the different tints.
I never received this item. Said it was delivered to my front porch and I never received it. I never have a problem with packages not being delivered so idk who to blame for it.
The metal piece for my phone kept falling off but got a replacement and I love it.
too heavy. would love this if weight of band was not so heavy.
It is a really nice sport armband, the only thing is that sometimes it is a little bit tricky to get my samsung phone there, and if you have to take it off to like send a message or something then you have to take the band off again and put it back as it is not as easy to get it back in, besides that the grip is amazing, really like it and I think if you wanna go run or workout and forget about the world and just have your phone with you this is great!
I love the way this case fits my 8plus. So cute but the top rubber edge isn't rounded enough and sometimes feels like it's cutting into my ear when I talk on the phone.
For nine dollars, it's a good case. It will protect your phone from fall damage from a few feet from what I experienced. It's fallen off my bed many times, the back and front screen are not damaged.
Was shipped BY AMAZON very poorly! They simply took the sealed factory pioneer speaker box and shoved it in to a large USPS mailing envelope... By the time I got it in the mail, the box was smashed... How do you expect a person to give this to someone as a "gift" with a box in this condition!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I got this product for my daughter's new phone. I watched the video online and the installation went very smoothly. There was no dirt or bubbles trapped under the protector. After I gave the phone to my daughter she asked me when I was going to put the screen protector on and I told her I already had. This protector blends in very well with the phone. Only time will tell how well it holds up to the typical teenager abuse.
Mounting process was a little tedious but is very secure.
Great protection for the price. Highly recommend this product. And seller has fast shipping.
I loved this thing, until I get in the car one day and find it on the floor. I got tired of reattaching it to my dash. I had it on the front of the dash, vertically, in the perfect spot on my dash with a flat surface. It holds up for a couple weeks, but I live in Florida and when it gets hot the adhesive just gets to soft. And the ball part of this holder is very heavy, like you can knock someone out with it. If it were lighter it might have worked for me, but gravity always wins with this phone holder. If you have a flat surface on "Top" of your dash it might stick there better. Mines is textured on top, that's why I had it on the face of the dash. It swivels really smooth and stays in the tilt that you set it to, and looks real cool, and the super thin magnet is super strong. That's probably why it's so heavy. Just way too heavy to work where I need it to, but it was a really nice product.
I like this powerbank because it's very powerful. It can fully charge my iPhone X more than 6 times at a time. It's very convenient. I charge power bank once and then use it for long time. I don't really like that it is not compact and it's even pretty massive. It won't fit in small bag, unfortunately. In general, great device!
Fits nicely, no problems with wireless charging or when I use my plug. Doesn't add too much bulk and I can grip it nicely. My only complaint is that the back of it has gotten a scratches and I haven't had it for long but compared to the protection I'll take a few scratches on the case to a shattered phone.
The original 3 pack quit working after approximately 4 months time. All seven iPhones displayed a message that this accessory was not supported. I contacted the company and they responded appropriately and sent a new 3 pack. All 3 work at this point but time will tell if they continue to work. I will update as needed but at this point I'll leave a 4 star as I really like the construction, fit and finish of the chords!
Decent product for the price. Just not durable.
The material is nice, i was concerned it would deteriorate quickly but hasn't yet. My only disappointment is that it is a pretty wide band and can look a little masculine
This case fits perfectly and looks great. My only issue is I have long nails, and the case makes it harder to use the fingerprint recognition.
My phone is very slippery and kept falling on the floor. This case is slippery but less slippery than the phone without the case. The arm enabling you to watch videos is great! the button on the top left side of the phone is difficult to get to unless you have long fingernails. I am trying to figure out a way to cut into the case a little so I can get to that button easier since I use it so often. I was going to return it, but that arm makes all the other crap worth it. I have seen other phone cases with arms, but they are just too flimsy.
I brought more than my share of screen protectors. The one prior to this one just would not fit with a case. Luckily I found this one. Now everyone in the household has coverage.
I have many ear buds, the Peats sound great. The battery lasts all day. I have not tried Alex yet. They are not uncomfortable after using all day. The only improvement I would recommend is a better clasp to clip on to your shirt.
Purchased for outdoor patio and when we work out in the shop. Love it! The sound is fantastic!! It can get loud!! Like a little Bose speaker for much much less. The speaker seems picky about being too far from my phone though, but other than that, works great and would buy it again.
I give this a 4 star ONLY because it does NOT fit with a glass screen protector, pops it off, there for the case is worthless
Really great protectors for my IPad's screen at an extremely reasonable price.
A minimalistic phone cover, for those people who do not like adding bulk to the original design of the phone. it is thin and beautiful but do not expect much drop protection
Slim, nice and good fit. I just got it so can't comment much on durability, though it feels it is.
Case works well. Fit is decent and it's grippy. Just has an issue with the bottom lip. Prevents some mods from properly clicking in. Feel like I'm forcing them on but overall it works.
This is a great case but, I got it just over 5 months ago and it's started to yellow (shown in picture above) and you can tell because my popsocket came off and you can easily tell where it was
Ok. Could be better. It does fit
Exactly as expected. Worth while product. Would recommend
Love this to hold my credit cards
We love this case. Got it for my 4 year olds iPad. The only downside is that the glass screen protector is separate from the case it's not connected at all. I'm probably going to get a glass screen cover similar to a phone screen protector. Other than that the stand is a great feature it is only one level as other reviews have stated but we didn't expect multiple levels as the description didn't state such. Color is bright and vibrant. I would buy again.
It's a good product. The light is bright and it serves the purpose the only reason why I'm giving it a 4 star and not a 5 because it's not pink it looks like bronze in color.
Screen protector was easy to install. Only reason for 4 stars is because like other reviewers, it's not quite wide enough for my iPhone 6s screen. It's mostly troublesome at night when there is a tiny line on the left of my screen that is brighter. Unless there was another company that made a proper fitting security screen, I'd still go with Tech Armor. I trust their products.
Item arrived as pictured and as expected. I'm used to a wristlet that has a whole side for slots for cards, and this one only has 3 card slots. otherwise, i love the size (perfect for holding an android and iPhone)
the rose gold is pretty and its lightweight.
Overall the material feels good.Nice soft rubber on the outside and parts of the inside. There is hard plastic that covers the sides of the inside to better protect sides of the phone. Bottom corners have more hard plastic for better protection, in my opinion for protection for the battery. Only thing i would like to see is more protection for the top corners. However the material is made to help absorb shock of a drop. I would recommend this product for any IPhone users.
Great stereo, easy install. NO Bluetooth, and difficult to see display in the daytime. GREAT sound though.
I was satisfied with my purchase I live on the island of St Martin and to get new keys would have cost me about $400 I bought these my mechanic switched the parts from my old keys to these new ones and I never had a problem since .I am very satisfied.
Nice headphones for the price. I love the rich rose gold color that matches my iPhone and accessories. The sound is really good and everyone can hear me clear as well. The music clarity is good and has a nice volume level. The only thing is the distance of the headset to the phone is a little short for good reception. It even announces the caller by name or number. Overall, I like this product.
Works great easy to use.
Great tiny shower head. I will say that the water pressure does seem to be a little high on the modes where the water shoots out of the smaller holes, but you get used to it. It even came with the plumbers tape so you don't need to go buy a huge roll.
This was a good case for an very cheap price. The only reason i did not give it 5 stars is because the cut out for buttons on the side of the phone are off a little.
I can live with it I have use the screen for a few months now and it's better than having to buy a whole new iPhone just because the screen was cracked. Usually the screens are great but the one I received and have installed with my phone is not working properly I have to almost to pound the screen for a tap to register. There is no way to have a screen that works and return at the same time because I can't just take the screen off my phone return it. Not sure where to contact customer service at.
Very sturdy case. I didn't expect it to be quite this nice in comparison to other products. It is slippery. I don't care what other reviewers say, there is no rubber on this case. It is all hard plastic with ridges to help grasp it. They do work. If you seriously care about the Apple logo (eye roll) ... yes it is centered. Good case. Good price.
works great. good for the price
Something needed for this very fragile Apple Watch... a protector.
I'm a truck driver and i have not had any problems. Noise cancelling works good. The range on mine is ok. If i walk from the truck to the back of the trailer, it will get choppy. I mostly use it while driving though which is better and good audio.
Good looking case, buttons look very nice like factory finish good. But my phone feels considerably heavier now and the side pieces are slippery. Makes me worry I might drop my phone more. *Update* the slickness on the side of the case wore off and now no more slippery feeling. Can grip the phone with confidence*
I like it because it looks different. It works perfectly.
Case offers good protection for the phone without adding too much bulk (It is a little thick, but worth the extra battery time). The screen protector is one of the worthless thin plastic sheets that will offer no real protection. PowerBear sould consider changing this to make it a perfect package. Add a tempered glass protector for a few dollars more, your phone is worth it. Would I but this product again? Absolutely
Case and holster was perfect for my needs. Unfortunately the upper clip that holds the phone in place broke off. Good news is I'm buying another one
This holder is pretty steady. It does what its intended to do with no problems.
I really like this cover for my iPhone se and would like to use it more however the hole for the charger cable is slightly off and my phone won't charge with the cover on.
Case came with 2 screen protector and a stylus. Good quality case for the price.
I bought this case for my Alcatel One Touch Pop Icon and it was too big. My mistake, I suppose, but it seemed to be advertised as one that would fit my phone. I bought the red, which was pretty, but did not match the shade on the picture. It is a bit thin and kind of translucent. You could see the black color of my phone through it, and the color was more of a pretty coral red instead of a bright red. If it had fit my phone , I could have placed some pretty cardstock or something between the phone and the case to bring the color out more. It seemed to have a good feel and would probably offer good protection in a fall. I wrapped a phone chord through the camera hole and use it to shorten long charger chords, so it still came in handy for something.
Only gave it 4 stars because I feel like the piece sticking out of the phone have some room for improvement. Other than that, the magnet is pretty strong, won't just fall off. Cable feels like it is going to last.
Probably not as heavy as the expensive cases, but looks like it will be plenty rugged for our purposes.
UPDATE: anker has stellar customer service and replaced my charger under warranty promptly. The charger I had previously was not the revised product so let's see how well this updated charger works. If you have any problems with their products don't hesitate to contact them about it. I don't recommend this product as it just died on me after one year of LIGHT use.. And I really mean light use. I didnt even use it often. Only used it for a few consecutive days at music festivals and otherwise just charging multiple phones at home every now and then. Hopefully I can reach anker's customer service and see if they can provide a replacement as perhaps my item is defective.
Ordered this as a gift for my wife because she loves sea turtle. She absolutely loved it! It has lasted a good while and works as it should.
Don't like that there is a volume control on it
Pros: Perfect for travel Charges through cases (even battery cases such as ZeroLemon) though you won't get fast charging with a battery case on. Comes with a sturdy nylon USB - C to USB - A cable. Cons: Does not come with a power adapter. Putting devices on the charger can be a bit finicky but putting your device diagonally helps. I was definitely surprised by this charger due to the fact that it's really tiny (no larger then your average table coaster). I have a Galaxy S10+ with a ZeroLemon battery case. I was hesitant about the case because I didn't think it would charge with the case (ZeroLemon battery cases tend to be really bulky but have large battery capacities), but it charges only at normal speeds. The reason this is 4 stars is that it doesn't come with its own power adapter. Other then that it's a fantastic little charger!
The case itself is easy to hold and isn't thick. Looks great also. My kids have dropped it more than a few times but one of the corners chipped off but is still protecting my phone great. For the price I recommend this case.
Sleek and cute. Can't imagine it will hold up long though.
It just gets caught on my sweaters, so be careful with anything long sleeve and knit type. Goes well with my other outfits.
...you put it on right. The material cracks VERY easy, it's not strong at all UNTIL you put it on the IPad As you adjust it during installation, it's very likely to break [had to order twice] Would have given this 5 stars if there were instructions warning and guiding users The price, quality etc are fine with that exception.
Could just be the cars I have put it in but holder is too close to the vent so the phone won't stay on.
It has a rubber grommet for the watch, but not one for the phone cable so it can wear down.
Sturdy case, needs considerable force to press buttons and to put phone in. Flip side of that is that it fits tightly and seems to protect the phone well.
I've had these for two weeks now, and I'll give them a solid 4 stars. It's a pretty good technology given the price I paid, so it's hard to complain. If these were $250 buds, it'd be a different story. The good: - they pack a lot into a small package. It's pretty amazing that these marble-sized things in my ear do what they do - the sound is fine and they work well for phone calls. I'm not an audiophile, so I have no comment on the sound purity - they stay in my ears nicely. I'm a runner and I've had no problems with them slipping/falling out - the case is nice and sleek - they hold a nice charge...I did a 3-hour run with Spotify playing and still had 80% battery left at the end The not so good: - they pair/unpair well most of the time. I sometimes switch between pairing with my phone or computer, or my phone has to choose between pairing with these buds or my car, and that can screw things up. I had to factory reset them once to get back on track. But standard use is fine -- take them out of the case and they pair with my phone...put them in the case and they unpair - the buttons on the buds are funky. They are small dots you physically press to change volume or skip track. I end up pushing hard on my ear when I push the buttons, and that's a little annoying Bottom line -- for the price, they are good, easy, out-of-the-way wireless buds
Its look good, and do protect your phone; but i have to remove the plastic screen protector because it doesn't let me use the touch screen properly.
After a year my originals had given out on the left ear, so time for new headphones. I saw they made the plus... a sleeker version. the magnet to hold the earphones is not as strong, which I kind of don't like but I think it will prevent tugging on the wire. The sounds is decent for the price, but it picks up a lot of background nose. The battery life is a much needed benefit. The earbuds are more comfortable and the size range is good. I also like the add on of a carry case.
It's a beautiful case and doesn't make the phone feel heavy like some cases do. My only issue is that the ringer switch on the side is almost impossible to reach unless you have long nails
Product was as promised.
This product works as advertized, but the hard part of the case might actualy scratch the metal parts of the phone if it falls to hard or too often. However it has fallen a gazillion times and that is the only damage.
is very good phone and work in Venezuela
Bought this for my girlfriend and she loves it. Its a creative case and very functionally sound.
I really like these pens except for the fact that after a while the top of the pens pop off due to the fact that the adhesive inside is no longer holding; to overcome this shortcoming I used scotch tape to ensure that the top doesn't pop off when I connect the cap to the top.
Product delivered promptly. Excellent product, Always had troubles with chargers but this one is the perfect length and also very durable unlike many i've previously brought! Highly recommended product. Works great with ipads and iphones, Strong and sturdy. Good quality for the price. Very good quality cable extra long length.
Good one,but not great.
This product arrived on time and it fits my phone perfectly. Would definitely order again from this merchant. Thank you!
It's hard to find a car mount that will hold my phone in this case. Other than that, it is a great case.
Actual appearance is different than photos show, but not enough to feel bad about purchase.
Great quality! Had it for a few months now and still sticky. I can only fit about 2-3 cards and anymore than that, the adhesive starts coming off a bit
I bought this case because it has a kickstand that would be very useful for my iPhone XS Max. It also looked exactly like the Spigen case I purchased for my iPhone X last year. First thing I noticed is how flimsy the kickstand was. The stand is smaller in width than the Spigen and it wiggles too much. Needs to be tightened up a little. The case doesn't seem to protect the screen at all like my Spigen one did. On my Spigen case, if you were to place the phone face down, there would be a small separation from the screen and the surface. This one from Encase doesn't seem to have that much separation. The one thing that I do like about the Encase is that it feels slimmer and has a rubber like feel to it. As for the lightning port, with the case on, it's recessed in a little, so if you have an aftermarket type lightning cable, it might not fit with the case on. The OEM lightning cable fits fine.
The international verson is a few mm shorter causing the case to be to small for the N. America verson. While the 4 star is not for the actual product,as it was too small for my model, the customer service is perfect. If you have the International version of the g6 play, I think it is called g6 forge or something, I would recommend the case, it felt very sturdy and dependable.
Good quality and excellent protection
Tween recipient loves it for her iphone
I like this case, it's not slippery and the color is exactly like the picture. All the buttons and cutouts are in the right places. I only wish there was a bit more screen protection, but I feel safer with this case than the one the phone came with.
Easy to set up and great sound quality. My only complaint is that I can't seem to access any of the mode settings, stated as accessible via long pressing the "M" button on the device. However, I believe this may simply not be available in Bluetooth mode and have yet to try it in card mode. Either way, my phone has equalizer settings of its own and all I was looking for was a Bluetooth to radio pass through, which the device excels at.
This men smart watch is actually looks great. I really liked that in this watch. I recommend it to you if you are looking for something like this. The only downsides are the bands and lights of the watch. If the seller improve those things too, it would be amazing smart watch.
Works but slow charging and stops sometimes but just needs to be unplugged and plugged back in to start up again.
The VR headset works great, very ease app to use and the controller holds a charge for a long time. Depending on the phone model you have you may need to create a simple heat sink to allow heat transfer because your phone will overheat very quickly.
Love the color and product, however have not had that long and scratched easily to where color has come off on the plastic portion.
We've had this thing for a long while now. I have pulled off evidence of a many drunk drivers. Once or twice I pulled to show off some other dumb move someone did. However, today, when someone tried their hardest to kill my daughter and I while we were driving back from school, I go to get the footage, despite their being a huge sudden stop that should have triggered the emergency recording, let alone the constant recording it should have been doing, and yet, not a single frame of it was recorded. I have nothing to hand the police about the [censored] person who showed know consideration for the safety of other drivers and came within inches of T boning our car. I gotta say, I've been a pretty staunch Anker fan for years, but this is supremely disappointing. I even mentioned after getting it, "You know, if this thing fails, we're not going to know until we absolutely need it" and I was absolutely right, I just didn't expect that time to come before only having it for maybe a year. EDIT: Anker customer support reached out to me after I posted this review. They were very kind and understanding of my situation. They got me squared away with a solution. I am updating the review with a better star rating, because they did such a great job with customer satisfaction. Their products are extremely reliable, and outside of rare situations like I was presented with, they are definitely the brand to buy.
Easy all the way around
nothing bad for the price you pay
Absolutely love this case! Super protective which is amazing cause i drop my phone at least 3x a day. Only things I don't really like about the case is it dosent slide into pockets very easily. Picks up lint on rubber part super easily, but that's easy to get off, and rubber part on top is able to kind of come off phone. Case stays on though really well.
First off i don't write many reviews. But this bumper case looks great and feels awesome. That being said though it's extremly slippy With added glass back protector be careful getting it out of your pocket because it will slip right out of your hands if you're not careful The color red which I bought looks great but it has almost no grip so be sure to buy a skin if you are using it so you have some grip on the back
Helps protect the screen of my watch but be careful to out it on , just one bubble and you will have to put a new one
Just got. Good so far. Has appropriate holes for cameras and finger sensor.
Did as expected and was fairly priced. Thanks!
When I got this item there was an email address for after sales questions. I sent an email and never got a response in 2 weeks. The cable that came with it does not work for my phone, so I asked if they could exchange me for the type C charger.
The glass looks good, however it didn't completely cover my entire screen it was just a bit short on one side. Fix that and sure it will be great.
Very well made but a bit heavy. I'm concern about discoloration later on, but overall good buy.
Still using them no problems
Great sounds an conveniently small..but the charger eventually fives trouble with charging..
I have loved Zerolemon products since my first battery with my old Note 3. I was excited when they finally got the QI ability with this pack. I will always buy Zerolemon!
You can tell the phone have heavy usage with the many scratches there were but it works find so far.
Great adaptor! Beautiful rose gold color! I love that it works to charge anything that uses a usb cord! My daughter's light up sneakers-check, android galaxy phone-check, kindle fire-check, dog shock collar-check, dog bark collar-check, and portable battery pack-check! Great for putting in luggage or a purse as the prongs fold in.
Have not put it to use yet, but iPhone 8 fits in snugly and armband is well constructed.
Fits the phone great but it just opens very easily. I have to be careful and not wear it sideways or it open and phone will be dropped
It's a great product and recommend for hands free operation in your vehicle.
Quality case. As other people have mentioned, it only stands in landscape mode, not portrait mode (the kickstand is off center so it's not balanced in portrait). I only cared about landscape mode, so that doesn't bother me. The kickstand is a little flimsy, but I've had no problems yet, and the case itself feels durable. The purple color is like a combination of lavender and light blue. I would recommend this case.
Attaches to vent fins. My van has fins that are vertical. Seems hard to attach and then once you have it it is hard to remove to either passenger side or drivers side. Ideal would be to purchase 2 and install and then you don't have to move the apparatus, just move your phone. The phone stays in the grippers quite well IF you don't have a pop socket or ring on the back of phone. If the grippers were larger or deeper it would hold the phone ok even if you had holders on the back of your phone. My phone is heavy and it usually holds it ok, but I did have to remove the ring.
Good buy here with this charging stand it can simultaneously hold the apple watch and my iphone which it will even charge for me and in this way i can have a stylistic piece in my bedroom but also have a functional piece it is worth it for the price i would say!
Had to fidget a little to get it working (lined up), but working as expected now. Battery cover doesn't close fully, but enough to get my tough case back on.
This is a very nice alternative to the blaze factory charger. Not having to remove the band for charging is much more convenient then the charging box that comes with blaze Fitbit. Overall though there is no great way to charge any Fitbit. Everyone I know has trouble with the pin contacts Fitbit uses. This charger is the easiest I've found to insure a good electrical connection.
Great phone in good condition with warranty!!
Cover is hard no shock absorbant.
I bought this for my daughter but loved it so much I kept it for myself. The jar was much bigger then I was expecting. The sent is mild. I will buy it again
Bulkier than I thought but seems like it can take a couple drops
Arm needs to be longer. Is a bit too short for many vehicles. Functionality and quality is great
The case is super light and better than I expected. It's not bulky like the others. I love that the ring can turn 360 degrees in both ways.
Received screen protectors as described. A great product with a low price. Would buy again.
Fit is perfect, seems a little thicker than my old screen protector, only thing I don't like is it has a hole to fit another phone model.
Sturdy, protective, would be great for someone active & on the go. Just 1 problem - watch must be removed from the band to be charged. Not suitable for anyone with arthritic hands unless they have a "helper" who can assist with removing/inserting the watch from the band how ever many times a day it needs to be re-charged.
I was pleasantly surprised with this purchase. High quality case for a great price.
Case looks great on my space gray iPhone X. I've had a couple small drops and the phone seems to have protected it well. I'm a little worried that it's a bit too flush at the front but I also didn't want something that had a huge 'raised' portion of it so I might look for a new case to swap it with in the next couple months.
I was expecting something a little different, but overall I needed a case to protect my phone and that is exactly what I got. Thanks!
I am only removing one star since you really need to have a case on for this to have any effect in protecting your screen. But since I have the case as well I haven't had any major issues a few cracks is all. But honestly I am so hard on my electronics so I accept the small flaws.
I selected this product mainly for it's wide front screen and backup camera functionality. Front camera has superb quality as when viewed through the mirror display. However the backup camera could use more improvement in terms of video quality and maybe reduction of size. Also, there's roughly 3 seconds of delay for rear-view image to come up on the display after shifting into reverse. But the viewing angle is definitely more than wide enough which is a big plus for backup cam. The mirror display doesn't fully cover the OEM center rear-view mirror. Other than these, not much more to complain. The installation is straightforward. The only concern one might have would be the backup camera cable routing. I own a 2009 Ford Fusion with reverse light wires in green and black. The green one carries 12V power and the black is ground. The only way to tap this power for backup cam to function is to wire the red cam wire to green, while black cam wire to the ground. For those who scratch their heads to figure out a way to route the backup cam cable from outside of the trunk to inside, unscrew you license plate and pull out one of four plastic screw bases (don't know what they are called...), then the cable can go through the square hole into your trunk. I took the upper right one because the orientation of the cable out of the backup cam. I noticed that there's a guy who also owns a first Gen Ford Fusion, kindly uploaded a video clip explaining in the comment section in AUTO-VOX M6 product page. I just want to let anyone who may run into a similar problem know that, you don't have to drill through the sheet metal of your trunk or any plastic trim piece to get the job done.
Color and protection is great. Light color does show dirt.
Wish it had come with instructions
It's a good product. Just take a little time to watch the video a few times before trying to put one on. I ruined three of them before getting it right. So I suggest you consider taking one as practice and if you get it right the first time, then great, but it if you don't then at least it's only one that you're ruining. As far as the product goes, it arrived on time and it's as described. Definitely works as intended.
Sound quality is fantastic with USB Player Pro app. I hate using it, though. My Pixel 2 recognizes it when I plug it in SOMETIMES. Even worse, any number of things can break the connection, probably background processes or conflicts in software or slightly loose cable. This is embarrassing when I think I'm listening through earphones, but the phone starts playing through the speakers. This is symptomatic of the whole dongle concept, when it would have been much simpler, more secure (fit-wise), and more convenient to just have a headphone jack in the stupid phone. I'm only docking 1 star because it costs $20, which is a lot for something we didn't need until recently.
Very pretty case but I don't feel like it's a lot of protection for your phone. I am easy on my phone and don't use it in dangerous situations where I could drop it and break it so I like it!
This is my second case of this type. The first broke at the bottom hardshell part when I needed to remove the case for Apple to service the phone. I like the feel of the case. It looks nice. I had a lighter color the first time, and the soft rubber backing did hold dirt and get dingy looking.
These are great as headphones, but when using to make a phone call, the mic is not the best. I intended for these to replace a Bluetooth headset for my car, but am using them as my primary headphones now.
This is one of the sturdier tripods I have. It has a good (but not heavy) weight to it which I find to be great especially since I usually attach a selfie stick to it. When there is minimal wind, I won't have to be afraid that my phone will hit the ground. I've used other selfie/tripod sticks before but they all are best for non-windy conditions. The item came in great condition, all pieces individually bagged in ziplocks. However, I didn't give 5 stars because one of the legs has a dent in it. It doesn't affect the function of the product so I don't mind it too much. The major downside for me it the shutter. It works well with great response paired with my iphone8 Plus. I just wished that the shutter was rechargeable. It uses a CR2032 Li battery which means it will need to be replaced (i.e. separate expense for batteries).
Reasonable quality and good price. One of the cables stopped working after 2 months. The other 2 are working fine.
I love this but wished the wallet opened more. Very bulky with just a few cards.
Very pretty case. During the first 3 days, I struggled to put it together because I wasn't sure if I put it on correctly; the shiny case stuck out in various areas, and it just did not seem to fit very smoothly. After some pushing and tugging, I was able to snap all the pieces together and now everything fits smoothly. No bulging rough edges etc. The case is very beautiful, fits like a stiff glove because the black piece is not a soft/flexible rubber, very strong, durable, phone won't slip out, adds a tiny bit of weight, and seems to provides pretty good protection from sides to the back. My only complaint is that the buttons are a little hard to push; other than that, I would recommend this case.
Does the job of protection and not a lot of bulk.
The keys did exactly what they are supposed to do. The reason for 4 stars is because they're a little flimsy and when I removed the keys from my radio they were slightly bent. Not sure how many uses these will get. I guess you get what you paid for, $5 was pretty cheap. Overall I'm pleased.
The case is good sometimes its difficult to select screen options
I like this band. Easy to adjust with no tools required. Wore it to a gala and it worked well. these watches are hard to make look feminine.
Great product, especially for hands free driving that just went into effect in our state. The volume at Max is a little low, although I have it on my visor.
Works pretty well. It does a good job of charging two devices at once. It feels pretty sturdy. The flashlight is an interesting feature. I don't expect it to be a great flashlight. It also came with a small usb powered soft light which is quite a nice flexible light.
This was such a great purchase for the money. The only reason I'm giving it 4 starts is because it can get glitchy sometimes and the brackets will open when they're not supposed to. On the other hand, the suction is GREAT! This baby will never fall off your air vent. It grips your phone perfectly with the automatic brackets and the touch release feature makes it so easy to remove your phone. It also charges super fast! Love it.
Great cover. The water application really helps get the nasty bubbles and creases out. After multiple phones and dozens of screen covers, this one is a winner. After a bit of use, the corners of the screen protector along the screen edge may start to come up a bit, but having a case helps with that a lot. After extensive use, you'll notice the original, slick feeling of the cover has rubbed off and it becomes muddy and doesn't feel good, and you'll need to replace it.
Fast charges my note 5 as stated!
Works great. Was easy to install. Camera angle is adjustable but lacks any means to lock it after you have adjusted it. A set screw would have been great. I am deducting one star for that.
Received all chargers and they all work. Charges slow though, I get about 1% charge increase per minute. I'm going to find a lighting charger for better speed.
These work just fine. I bet most of the bad reviews are due to user error. They work beautifully for my iPhone 8. Remember they are only 5 or 7 watt. They are made for overnight charging. If you want a faster charger, buy a 10 watt.
Arrived quickly very thick
Super cute! Fan is very strong. I like that they each have an Android and iPhone plug on them with a cap to cover the plug. Just confused as to why some worked on my mom's Android and some didn't, whereas they all worked on my Android.
I thought they were glass but they're like a flimsy plastic cover..fast shipping !!
Everything about the case was good.
The only thing I didn't like is the battery, I have to charge it everyday! Other than that I'm really happy with it, it's beautiful, material is good, compatible with android and IOS, very good.
Good quality cable. I have been using this brand for the past 2 yrs. never had any issues.
Car and golf cart...cant figure out how to extend goose neck.
love it. It looks way more expensive than it was. Will buy again
Would have given it 5 stars if it came with a tempered glass screen protector.
didnt end up keeping because it arrived late.
Great quality and has a face plate, unlike the Otterbox which had no face protection for this phone model. Doesn't have a kickstand function.
worth it i promise just wanted to give my two cents
The watchband is simple, comfortable, and easy to switch in and out. The band is vented so that it breathes and is cool on the wrist. It is perfect for a more active watch wearer.
I have bought a known several of these replacement bands for my Alta Fitbit. The blue is lovely and it attaches easily and securely to my Fitbit. The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is because while the leather is high-quality, it is a little bit stiff and difficult to fasten compared to most of the other ones that I own. It is slightly wider, but not significantly.
Good quality, definitely what I was hoping I would receive.
I have 2 wireless charges already one for my phone and one for my wife. I purchased this one for my son he has an I-phone 7 plus which is not QI enabled so I had to get the adapter as well.. It was his first time using a wireless charger and he said it made things much simpler for him instead of fumbling around looking for a cord. He saw how much my wife and I loved ours and remarked he wanted one. As soon as you place the phone on the charger its instantly charging, I was concerned about the fast charging but he said it seems to be adequate based on use at the present time. Great product at a great price. Would recommend for the money.
Loved it very thick and sturdy
I didn't realize it was clear. I sometimes put a credit card in there and it shows through.
I like it, but don't over stuff it or the back plate can fall off. It hasn't happened but I have seen it pull away.
I've been using this case for about a month & a half. It's holding up really well-no cracks or peeling or even crease lines despite me keeping the cover behind the phone when I'm not out. The clasp stays closed well & the phone case is glued in which I wanted (vs held by magnets) & my iPhone 6 Plus is totally secure. There's just one negative. I've been carrying 6 cards in it including my license since I got it. They were very snug initially but recently if one is pulled out, the others are sort of loose. Not loose enough to fall out being upside down but if it's shaken just a bit a few do fall out so I'm a bit worried it's going to loosen further. I hope not tho cuz I really do love it otherwise.
Update: after using the case for a few days I'm not too impressed. The side buttons arent very easy to press and trying to take a screen shot was impossible until I took my case off. Will likely return it. Great case for my note 8, came in original packaging as if I purchased from a store! My last case (purchased elsewhere) was uncomfortable to hold because the cut outs werent rounded edges and it would dig into my pinky finger- I'm very pleased with how this case is made!
Very good dash cam, only drawback is that it is tedious to lock a file.
Installed on 2014 Ram. Works great!. Easy to install.
Works well most of the time. Occasionally I get the “not for apple “ screen but it works anyway. I will buy more of these for spares.
It's working well for me so far. Clean-looking and easy-to-carry. The wire that comes with the battery bank is pretty short tho.
Exactly what the description says
Likes the product online and easy to build. It only holds a phone in the front. The back holder does not work for the same sized phone.
I ordered a blue one and got a purple... Smh bits it's still a nice case *NOT TO PROTECT YOU PHONE THO* I also bought graffiti stickers to place on them to give it a lil of my personality 😌
Great product, the screen protector doesn't fit properly but I can get a different one
Original review with 2 stars. :The station is fine. The pad for the wireless charging doesn't work well. Too sensitive. Also, instead of Apple compatible chords, they sent me 3 apple chords and 3 micro usb chords. Update: The company is refunding part of the price and sending me a second unit. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt to 4 stars.
This case does fit all the components of the NOCO 40, but it's a tight fit. If it was a 1/2” wider it would be perfect. It still works.
Great price, good quality cable but no fast charging for pixel 3
works as advertised I recommend viewing the video on the proper method of installation. If your surface area is clean your less likely to get bubles.
This is great and if you have been looking at different models like I did before buying these you'll know what I'm talking about. easy to set up and holds ye phone firmly in place plus its easy to remove,
nice fit, easier to clasp than the wrap around with the pin.
Works well, charges fast, don't have to remove bumper to charge. Just tricky to remove from charger without pulling hard on band.
I like that it has openings for my headphones. I ordered the side for my arm but it's a bit tight for me. I'm afraid the next side up would be too big.
My daughter loves it
The company has a good reputation. I heard about this one from my 'techy' son. I wanted front and back cameras after our other son was rear-ended. I have a Ford Edge and the rear camera wire barely stretches long enough. I 'guess' the camera is working since the red light is on. Needs more clips !!!
These are good if you like to use them on left side. Most single ear phone are for the right ear only. These ear phones only have one problem, I use them when I walk and if you are out walking longer than 2 hrs battery dies. I use them to listen to music while walking.
I like the fact that I have a clip that isn't stuck in my phone case like Lifeproof designed. My only problem with this is I'd like to have some kind of lock as it catches at times and my phone comes out of the case.
Love the product. The photo is cream and black. The actual product is eggshell and purple...which works for me. No default in product though, just depiction.
The product is very good
i really love the fact that it came on time and was exactly as described.
I like how the earbuds sync automatically with my devices.
Much sturdier than the other one I purchased and the separation chambers are holding up nicely.
The top part of the screen protector is black so if you have a Moto G6 that isn't black it will be noticeable that you have a tempered glass screen protector on it. It's also a fingerprint magnet. It was easy to install and I was actually able to take it off and re-apply it when I messed up on the application the first time and it is bubble free!
it's light weight but card case area is too tight. Once you slip in a card it's hard to pull it out
Easy to put on, no issues. Seems on par with the others I've tried for the S8.
It's a really brilliant product for GoPro and Cellphone I've ever seen. I would give 5 stars if it would include a pouch.
I bought this for my ODROID C2 to replace the flimsy official case. The small stand-offs that attach the board to the base leave enough room (barely) to swap the microSD card if needed. I did not install the fan. There is a clear protective plastic film on the flat plates that makes them look scuffed or dirty. Peeling it off leaves them shiny and crystal clear. In the pictures, the film is tan in color which initially made me think that I had been shipped a case without the protection. Assembly was a little bit finicky because the parts are small, the instructions are printed very small, and my eyes are not super powered. Still, it came together fairly quickly. The case feels sturdy and looks nice. I wish some little rubber feet had been included to help prevent it sliding around. Overall, I am well satisfied with my purchase. Low cost and a good value.
Doesn't look like a opal. Still pretty.
It was a cute case, lightweight, convenient to use ring both to hold and as an easel. I loved that I could use the metal plate in the center of the ring for my dash mount. However, the plastic ring broke after about a month. No way to replace just the ring, so the whole case is pretty useless now. Edit to update: After posting this review, the company has contacted me and has offered to send a replacement. It was very nice of their representative to contact me and send a new one.
Not the fastest at charging. But gets the job done and is convenient to just set down and charge. Cords often break and twist. This way you don't have to fight the cords.
Works like it's suppose to. :)
Batteries seemed to lose their charge rather quickly. Other than that, easy to use and a bargain.
Great case, thought it would have latest longer. The plastic case inside broke from repeated use. Great case for the price. I have reordered another because I liked it so much.
I haven't used the belt loops, but the clip is quite strong. The only problem is that the leather covering the clip gets pulled away from the metal spring.
It's really good, EXCEPT, if you have a case on anything. I don't have an Apple Watch, but I do have AirPods and a iPhone 7. If you have a phone case that covers up the bottom, its probably not going to work. If you have a case for your AirPods, as I do. It 100% won't work, very nice build though.
Can't give it 5 stars, because the cards did not have the gold border.
In the past, I Always used tempered glass screen protectors, this was actually easier to install and won't break or shatter like glass. Good product
Really the only complaint I have is that the wallet is so thick that it's hard to fit anywhere besides the hand. Other than that, the magnetism is fantastic and the design is very aesthetically appealing. 4/10
It wasn't quite what we were expecting, but I let me daughter pick this case for her new iPhone 7. She loves it, I thought it was going to be a big bulky case (she's clumsy), but it's more slim than I had expected. Although it's slim, it still feels durable.
My condo recently was without electricity for almost 48 hours as was my entire neighborhood. I couldn't even get my car out of the garage because of the electric garage door opener so that was not an option for charging my phone. I vowed never to get caught with very little power left on my smart phone so as soon as the power came back on I ordered the power pack to keep on hand for just this type of incident as well as for travel. I haven't had it for very long so am hoping the instructions are correct and the power pack only needs to be charged every 3 months.
Very pleased with this case. Wish it had a glass front but better than expected for the price. Fast delivery.
Product ok. Easy to install just the screen came with a litte flick
Love this product. But after about 7 months of normal usage, it started to have connection issue and not charging properly. Kinda disappointed. I thought it could last longer. When charging iPad Pro, the end that connects to iPad turns hot. Not sure if it happens to any iPad. At least it does not turn hot when charging iPhone. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Update: Anker Customer service recently contacted me after they saw my review and reached out to me. They acknowledged the one I got might be defected, and they sent me a newer version to try out. It definitely looks a lot more sturdy than the previous one. And it works! Love it!
This case is great! Only thing I dislike is my magnetic mount struggles a bit due to the wide/smooth texture and the curved back-side. If they would have thought to install a thin metal plate inside of that curved material, and perhaps have said curved material pop out into a kickstand, this case would be awesome! Protects the camera and edges very well.
I have been wanting to get a case with a built in screen protector like this but was hesitant due to many having too much space making typing difficult. I had a stand alone screen protector that had that problem that I returned quickly. This case, however, fits flush to the screen with the screen protector. The protector portion is a thin plastic so if you prefer something rigid like a thick hard plastic or tempered glass then you may not like this case. The rest of the case is a rigid plastic and tough rubber combo that feels very sturdy. I'm coming to this case from an otterbox commuter case in which my phone got a small crack in the corner of the screen when dropped. If you have had the commuter case from otterbox you will know that the rubber on it is quite flexible. The rubber on this supcase is more firm and feels like it will hold up itself and my phone much better. I will come back and update my review once I've had it longer and see how it does when dropped and general use. So far very pleased!
It needs a wrist strap. I added one from my old wallet case and had to put it through the zipper area. But I gotta have a wrist strap.
Good phone case for the price.
This product is great, it fits nicely and doesn't catch on my clothing. The magnet is strong and doesn't come loose. The only issue I have with the product is the pins aren't securely placed on the clips when not attached to your Fitbit. When you switch out the band you better make sure you place your pins somewhere safe since they easily slip out of the clip.
I bought three of these for three Yi cameras that we use. I installed two so far and the biggest gripe is that they fit inconsistently. Obviously, it's made to be "universal", but I used the same type of clip on both cameras and one was looser than the other. However, it's a small margin of difference. In the end, they both fit and work. I just got them so I'll come back if durability is an issue. But so far everything tightened up well and holds in place. It's all plastic pieces except for the bolts and screws (and the rubber gasket). Some of the ball joints aren't even "full" (idk the word for it, but they're semi-hollow). They might still work as intended. Also, you're left over with a bunch of pieces. Overall, not bad if you're looking for the cheaper option. I would definitely recommend it over a suction cup or adhesive. NOTE: If you have a custom fitted stiff sun shade, this may not be compatible with it.
Quite huge & heavy but does support multiple devices for long. I travel all day and needed something like this for both cellphone and laptop. True to it's description
This device works great with long lasting power source to charge multiple devices. Only issue I experienced was that when it came time to charge power bank, the wrong charging cable was ship with power bank. (It didn't fit) Had to purchase an additional type C charging cable.
Great case for the Galaxy S9. It's not bulky, even with 3 cards in the wallet portion. It's great quality and is holding up to expectations.
This is a bit heavy of course but it works well. I've had some issues with charging, like the connection is loose maybe. It charges my phone quickly as long as I'm not using it during the charge. Handy to have while traveling.
This wouldn't activate online, but I called support and they were able to activate my service with this sim card and port my number. It took longer then it would have if I didn't have to call, but it was all pretty smooth. Support picked up quickly and the rep was nice and helpful. So it's sorta your mileage may vary with this kit - but it worked for me with a little effort. Worth the $12 saved I guess.
Was pretty good and solid. The phone didn't work out for me so replaced it.
Bought this case in order to add protection and improve grip for the very slippery Moto G5 Plus. Haven't tested the protection but the tpu surround and hard plastic back seem as good as other tpu cases I've used. All of the openings line up properly, the switches work easily while being fully enclosed and the flaps for the ports work although I'm not sure that they'll last as long as the rest of the case. The case is comfortable to hold, does improve grip and doesn't add much weight or size so overall a good case.
Overall I like the phone very much. If the battery life was as good as on my Lumia 650, I would have given it 5 stars. I have actually considered buying a new battery to see if that helps. If nothing else, it would give me a spare battery in case mine dies while I'm on the go. My wife and I were recently on a trip in Mew York City and I had to stop taking pictures half way through the day because my battery was dying and I had no way to charge it on the go. It is now March 1st and I have replaced the battery. Now the phone works great and the battery life is very good. HOWEVER! I just received an email from the seller saying that there's a recall on this phone because of a faulty battery. It swells and in some cases has exploded. Has anyone else received this email?? I am not returning my phone since I already replaced my battery. I'm trying to examine the validity of the email.
The cell is very good
Nice battery. The size is bigger than I thought but not so big as to be cumbersome. The charger holds enough battery to last 2-3 fully charge cycle for my iPhone, though the charge time is a bit longer than my old one. Have been using it for a few months now and no issues. Would recommend to my friends
Product is great for the price. Wish weight of battery could have been slightly lesser but otherwise great product . Also There is no mention of anything about battery life in the manual
This charger works amazing. Great addition to my office deck. Charges while listening.
Good product..wish was alittle bugger but does what I basicly got it for
Very happy. The case did add some bulkiness to the phone, but that's to be expected (I was hoping for little less, but oh well). Harder to turn up/down the volume with the left-side button now, it keeps either going up real fast, or down real fast; the case might be too tight or something else, but I do not do it that often, so not THAT big of an issue. Protective screen cover is great - love it. And the backing with floating hearts turned out to be a wonderful entertaining toy for a toddler - which is great :) Overall happy and recommend the product.
Why sell a 3 amp fast charger and include a 1 amp auto charger? For the price getting 2 USB cables is nice.
The sound is really good. The cord is really super long and gets caught up on things. The Mic works sometimes when using the phone.
Just got this cover and while it looks great, my only concern was a small piece of the plastic sticking out, perhaps where the molding was trimmed? I've had to get an exacto blade to try and smooth it out so it doesn't scratch the side of the iPhone. Maybe that was only the case with the unit I purchased but otherwise, it looks great! Update, the small area where the plastic was sticking out is becoming a sore to look at, being that this cover easily reflects light.
Phone fits great. Actually fixes the problem with the power button being accidentally pushed. The only problem is that the case can only hold 1 ID/credit card and still close magnetically. I have not tested if it damages magnetic strips. Happily surprised that the front cover is sturdy and could protect against screen damage.
Case is okay for what it is, however for the price you'd expect a better finish, raised edges and plastic bits around the cut outs for headphone jack.
A tough, resilient one-piece shell of flexible textured plastic. This is a high-quality molding with details that make it easier to grip, but it still slides smoothly in and out of pockets. The top button for wake/sleep needs a very firm press with this case. It's not slip-proof, or water-resistant, and it won't absorb catastrophic shocks like a more elaborate case with a spongey cushioning layer. If you're reasonably careful already, it's good insurance against everyday bumps and scrapes at a fair price.
Iphone 7 with a cover only fits if you force it and then getting it out is not so much fun either. But is is small and unobtrusive and does not block my AC vent as much as my last one.
Arrived fast and works just fine!
This is a really cute case but I'm not sure if it's going to hold up and really protect my phone. It has two parts the top snaps onto the bottom part of the case so I hope it's really secure. Butterfly ring is not included.
First off this is a whole lot better than those silicone or other wristbands out there. I decided to go with a metal one for durability and well this one looks nice too. The stainless steel is great, not to heavy or very cold to the touch. It does have a smooth matt like feel. The adjustment tools were a nice touch but a bit hit or miss depending on the unit you get, mine had a slight angle to it so everytime I twist the nob it would spin out of alignment and just miss the pin, super annoying. Overall I would highly recommend this over the stock wristband of the samsung gear s3 leather or any silicone ones for sure, looks and feels like a real luxury watch.
Very pretty. Clasp seems secure too.
Love it. Good case, sturdy, good quality. Fits the phone perfectly. Only thing I don't like about it are the volume and screen lock buttons on the side are not very defined. I like to hit the screen lock button by feel, not looking at it and that isn't really possible.
Was exactly what I was looking for. Like the extension option
I do like the case, it is strong but I must have misunderstood that it encased the entire phone. I had to order something else to protect the front of the phone.
Purchased those case for my son. He approves. Lol
I gave it four stars because, while it was great while it lasted, my 2016 purchase stopped dead in early May, 2019. Some might consider that a good life; I wasn't particularly impressed.
The case is painted plastic, so the color wears off in areas that get rubbed a lot. Other wise it's good, a little difficult to remove.
Wire is not a full 5 feet
Positive - beautiful unit - one point off, seems a bit heavy
Very good quality and my son loves it"!
I love this cover except it the color started fading away from the corners almost immediately after I began using it. Still have all the jewels in tact though. The only other issue I have is the sleep button. The cover is positioned just so, so that it makes it difficult to use the button.
The selfie stick works very good and is lightweight, the remote once connected works very good with no issues when taking pictures and the battery lasts long. The only bad thing I found was the tripod mode, it doesn't keep the phone very steady, the three plastic legs are not the best way to keep it in place. And when attached to a DSLR camera, it just doesn't work at all, the camera is either too heavy or the tripod is too weak for it, but at the end it doesn't work for that matter. I ended using it just for my phone and that worked great with use by hand and avoided using it as tripod.
I had a problem with my phone and they are taking care of it. It took a while to get it settled, but they are taking care of everything.
The price for a charger like this is normally way higher so this is priced well. It's a pain to take off to charge phone separately though. I mean this charges well but if you want to charge your phone separately the case is a pain to take off
Great price. Cheaper than buying it from T-Mobile
This thing is pretty interesting in how it's made. It's mostly tempered glass, with a hole in it that seems to be more like a regular cling film one over the fingerprint scanner. I had make sure the screen is spotless before installing, mash it down and adhere the 'hole' to the fingerprint scanner, turn the screen sensitivity on (in Settings > Display > Touch sensitivity), and re-register my prints, and it works acceptably well, only slightly worse than a bare screen seems to. There's no 'lip' around the fingerprint scanner as I feared there might be from the images, and when the screen's on I can barely see the hole. It's very obvious when the screen is off, though. This might be the best solution for now, pretty happy with it.
I was impressed by the quality this case. I like the little extra “lip” of protection on the corners of the front. Overall this is a great case!
I cram a lot of cards in it with no problem, and use it primarily as a long wallet with the added bonus of holding the iPhone if I choose. I want fast access to my phone and don't want to fumble around in a pocket and try to pull out the wallet, and risk dropping the wallet and/or the phone on the ground. Purses 👜 probably OK
Ordered orchard grey but got midnight black instead. I'm not going to bother in returning it because I'm so loving the phone. Still paying with all its features, but so far, I luv this thing!
Holds phone good. Phone will sag when you hit bumps.
I love this car vent, easy to use and does the job for when I need my GPS.
Good watch strap but doesn't match the series three rose gold. Fine for the price.
Overall It's well worth the money. Apple store in my state quoted 350$ to replace this IPhone 8 screen. I couldn't hang up the phone fast enough. My only complaint is I feel there should be some mention in the listing that the home button is not included an you will be salvaging the one attached to your old broken screen. I feel the home button feels a little funky, not quite the same as original. Not a big deal for me and happy to save the money.
Great product, but it's super bulky. The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star is because once this case goes on... good luck taking it off. It's a brutal process.
i like it, it works, but its not as secure as other bands. certainly better and less irritating to the skin than the stock leather straps. i would recomend
Installed and tuned easily and I enjoy loud music and have yet to overheat our short circuit anything
It's great, but now we already good options for the same price and with product support
Was having serious battery issues with my S5. Would like to make it last a bit longer, and replacing the battery for $20 has - so far - been *GREAT*. Now I'm not CONSTANTLY having to charge my phone and be worried about it dying.
Good product it protected my phone from breaking it did the job.
I bought this for my kid and it's an amazing watch for the price. Fun for them to take pictures on and has a little calculator on it. However I wish it had its own internal storage, because you have to have an sd card to take any photos.
Good price and very sturdy.
Heavy duty, has already protected my phone from several falls
I swear by having these glass screen protectors on every phone - It's so much easier to go through a 3-pack of screen covers than to deal with a broken phone screen. The screen protector for this particular phone model (Motorolla Moto G7 Power) doesn't quite work as well as past phone models I've had - since the edges of the phone screen are curved down on the phone, the glass is smaller than the full surface of the phone. I understand that this is necessary because otherwise, the glass would not adhere all the way to the edges, but the end result is a glass cover that is noticeable on top of my screen and does not make for as much of a seamless product as with other phone models. Paired with a phone case, it works just fine though.
Item came when it was stated and was what I expected.
Attractive and seems protective. Not many iPhone 11 options yet. I do like this one!!
Great affordable knock off! Only problem is it is so hard to get this case off of your phone. Also you have to really press down hard on the volume buttons. But overall great for the price would recommend!
With my iPhone x it works perfectly! Not sure about the light but overall I'm thrilled.
Great case. I wish they had more then the three color choices.
The band is very stiff. But other than that I give it 2 thumbs up
Not quite as fast as the regular plug in turbo charger for my Motorola Droid, but keeps the phone fully charged while driving and use navigation and other features. A real plus is that my wife and I can both have our phones plugged in and charging while we travel.
I wish it was a little louder, but it fits nice. I thought the speaker or spot with the buttons would be uncomfortable, but it was actually comfortable.
Decent enough. Does the job.
So far so good, I get just over 1 full charge. It is small and compact, and does not make noise when charging. On the other hand, it does get somewhat warm when something is plugged in.
I still got the same item back but it was my mistake. I need to send this one back. Nothing wrong with the product but my iPhone is a bigger 7 so I need to return it. Can you send me a return bar code? Very sorry
I bought this for a dear friend and he absolutely loves it!!
Case fits well, the material is nice to feel, the metal plate works. The cut of the camera is a tiny bit asymmetrical but that's nitpicking Edit: card slot opens with a bit of effort. It seems like adhesive was used to keep them from opening during shipping
a great find for a fair price
Rugged and the stand works well but the phone slips out easily.
It pretty rugged but this the second one I have purchased because the clip didn't hold up! The case is very good value.
Earbuds are pretty decent for the price. Good for the main reason I bought it which was to listen to music while exercising without falling off or being uncomfortable or gross around my ears. Not very good sound at all for call quality though but what you get what you paid for.
Got here on time great product
I think it's stupid but my daughter loves it, what ever:)
I've used it for 3 days and I'm loving it, super comfy to use and the fact that it has a mirror like feature is so helpful, if it last long I will recommend but will let you know.
Good screen, I like the matte but it's almost too thick? That or I'm not used to pressing down harder. Fresh out the box
Sounds awesome! Bluetooth works great. Glad I purchased this.
no front protection but fits snug and secure. Good quality. durable. best value out of 5 I purchased and sent the rest back
I broke two glass screen protectors fairly quickly on the Note 8 due to the curved edges. I wanted a non-glass product that has full coverage. This screen protection is not glass and does cover the entire screen. It has excellent sensitivity and a nice "smooth" feel to the touch. I was able to get it bubble free after a few minutes of massaging. I gave it four stars due to the packaging and lack of prep items. Since it needs massaging to remove the air bubbles, it could use the little spatula tool that other screen covers come with. Also prior to application, I lined up the screen cover exactly where it should align, as the holes for the camera, etc, are very precise. The packaging did not come with alignment tapes, so I had to make my own with painters tape. This method worked well, but should be included. The edges do come up easily if they are rubbed against something. On my phone, the case hits the edges and causes a separation along the sides. I found a way to remedy this and I do not blame the product overall. I believe this happens due to the fact that the protector is not "stuck" down with sticky adhesive, but more of a tacky surface so removal will be residue free when the protection is replaced later. Overall I am satisfied with this screen cover.
This was something I've been looking for, had my phone for almost 2 months with the factory plastic wrap still on for protection so I decided to purchase this kit because it had an installation tray, decent reviews and a good price point. This kit comes with instructions and an installation tray, 2 screen protectors, a nice microfiber cloth, 2 alcohol wipes and a few stickies to get lint off your screen. The instructions were easy to understand and I love the installation tray which is an amazing plus to assisting with aligning the screen protector evenly. The major issue I had was with the screen protector not spreading evenly to stick on to my phone after I pressed it down which left 3 large bubbles so I had to redo it, which then left a few smaller bubbles that I was able to smooth out all except for one that was in the middle. It was impossible to get rid of no matter how much I tried and I tried to the point where my thumb ended up sore. I decided to redo it again and that same bubble kept reappearing so I had to gently press down on that area multiple times while lifting and placing the protector down and finally after probably the fifth try, the bubble disappeared. Because I had to fix the screen protector so many times, it allowed a few small specks of stuff to get stuck to the underside of the screen protector so I had to gently scrape those off. When the installation was finally complete after that bubble disaster, the screen protector looks amazing on my phone. I can't say much about the quality as of yet since I've just received this, it looks like every other decent screen protector I've used. I disliked the screen protectors that have the big cut out at the top so if you're looking for a full coverage screen protector that makes your phone look like it doesn't have one, this is it. No installation is perfect so the only thing is, you might have some bubble issues like I did.
Great form fitting case. It is a non slip sand paper feeling case that won't scratch your phone. My phone is protected all around the edges, and it looks slim and feels great. When it's dirty I just wash it with soapy water and a gently brush it then drip dry it upside down. Although it needs more colors in the non slip model. :-)
It's a great case. Buttons are super easy to find and it gives your phone a good weight so you feel confident that won't accidentally drop it. It is a thick case. That being said, it isn't the best case for use with a wireless charger. Charging times take a significant hit, and I had one dual-coil stand that didn't work at all with this case. If you want good protection, this a great choice. Whenever you buy from Amazon, use the Smile.Amazon.com website when you check-out and pay for your items. Amazon will donate a percentage of your transaction to your favorite charity. Make a difference!
Generally speaking it is good, not Verizon though.
Not a bad charger but isn't like a fast charger that comes with most phones. It feels very light in an inexpensive way but for the price I think it's not bad. Being able to lay your device horizontally and also get a charge is a bonus.
As far as I have noticed, It has been as reliable as Verizon, at times a bit slower however, for what you are paying im not gonna complain. Coverage is dependent on how T-mobile networks are in your area.
The speaker gets really loud at the best setting and is really clear so you can do chores while using it. Theres a pedometer and a sedentary reminder app, but does anyone know how to download more? I want to track more. The phone works well. I don't like the feel of a Bluetooth on my ear and its harder to hear. I can use it to talk while I work instead of a Bluetooth, but I wouldn't prefer it to text. When you text it has an old version of typing where you have 3 letters on each button you tap. It would take too long.
I can't hear my Bluetooth conversation The product is neat and easy to touch. It's good for the price.
The screen protector has this weird look to it so if it's really bright around you it's noticeable
Product was available very quickly. Very nice color. Thinner than I expected.
These screen protectors do not extend to the edge of the cell screen. There's a noticeable gap. This is a concern in that it's another area for dirt, lint, and grime to accumulate. However, the claim that it prevents air bubbles is spot on.
Product as expected. Would purchase again!
I purchased for my son
Easy to put on and the stand works great
Big hit with teenagers at Christmas.
They're okay. The material is thin but yoga pants tend to be thin they were tight so I recommend going a size up from your usual. Other than that they are just okay.
This little sweetie packs a lot of battery life into a small and elegant package. My only issue is that it needs about 8-10 hours to fully charge when it's been nearly totally discharged.
Very nice case all around. My only dislike, it will not lay flat, because of the kick stand.
Actually not rose gold all over. The case is rose gold and pink. Pink park gets dirty quickly. I kept it, but bought a black one also.
This case is nice looking (I bought the mint), and slim fitting for a cell phone case if that is your preference. Although the thin cases in my opinion look nicer, they probably don't offer as much protection if dropped, but this case looks nice and will give you a very good grip on your phone.
Sometimes I have to press a little harder so that will take time to get used to, but otherwise, I'm very happy. I like that it covers full screen and it's easier to press on the icons that are typically hard to touch when I use a regular glass screen protector that leaves the edges open. Fits perfectly with my Caseology case.
I just got my new case and I already love it. The feel of the case and the look is exactly what I was hoping for :) great decision
Good quality. Not quite to the level of OEM but for 20 percent of the price highly recommended.
Perfect Fit , easy to install and looks cool.
It took a few days to do well, so I gave it to the four stars and continued to pay attention to it.
Pretty and all, but makes the phone bulkier.
This is a great product with a but. For some reason the manufacturer decided to put 2 metal strips over the magnets underneath the plastic part of the case. In order to use wireless charging appropriately you will you take a razor blade and Make incisions along the metal strip. Then you will pull these metal strips off and superglue the rubber plastic Back down over the magnets. If you do this the wallet case will function without interrupting wireless charging. I assume the metal strips were to prevents interference with the S pen. They do not prevent interference you need to disable your alarm for the S pen in the S pen options. If you do not do this you will constantly have a beeping sound from your phone. If you make the above listed modifications you can use this wallet as it was intended.
This is a very basic popsocket, nothing amazing but works for what it is. I wanted a leopard one and it works for what I wanted. No issues with adhesive, print wearing, etc.
Lots of features. I have used a Garmin GPS for many years of traveling. My old Garmin would charge in a couple hours connected to my computer via the USB port. When I got this one, I charged it for a couple hours and basically had no charge. Just enough to get the downloads from the Garmin website. Once unplugged, it would die within a minute. Contacted Amazon and was going to send it back, but decided to let it charge overnight. The next day I could see it had a 1/4 charge. Decided to just let it keep charging all day into the next day. BOTTOM LINE, THIS GARMIN WILL CHARGE, BUT VERY, VERY SLOWLY! GIVE IT UP TO TWO DAYS AND MAKE SURE YOUR COMPUTER STAYS ON OR PLUG IT INTO A CONSTANT POWER SOURCE AND IT SHOULD CHARGE. BE PATIENT OR BUY SOMETHING DIFFERENT. Hope this helps
Received only 1 wipe and not 2 as indicated.
These work for what I need however there's always one section that comes back off the phone and it drives me nuts.
Received the cell phone case today, it was easy to put on. The touch screen works just as well as it did before I put it on. Doesn't feel bulky. Haven't dropped it yet so I don't know how well it protects but I'm glad I bought it so far.
I love the magnet piece on the back to connect to my phone holder in the car but it is kind of cheap.
Fair price. The lite does the job. I would recommend it. I have only used it for a couple of weeks so I cannot comment on battery life or durability. The lite has two settings for intensity. I purchased it because of the reasonable cost.
The only thing I noticed was the flap over the charging port causes you to use two hands to plug in the charger or the phone must be braced to do it. Otherwise, I love it.
This a great case for the price. It looks great while also providing the protection that I need for my iPhone.
Doesn't cover the front screen.
I really like the case, however it seems kind of flimsy and it has things on there that my phone does not. The case seems to be durable and it hasn't broken and it's really smooth and cute.
Very comfortable. Kind of a pain to get adjusted but once they are, it's a real nice comfortable fit.
Seems to work as advertised
I don't have anything out of the ordinary to say about a phone charger but it seems to be holding up well for me so far, which can't be said for all chargers I've tried so hats off to that! One improvement I would like to see would be a tad bit longer cord because for some reason it feels abnormally short.
Very happy. As advertised.
Very quite running and seems to be quality made. Really like the aluminum casing.
This is a beautiful phone cover , if you are looking for a phone cover that does not make your phone bulky go for it . I really like the way it feels and looks . Thank you TORRAS for making such amazing product . How ever I got mine defected , there is cut from bottom side , I might send it back
Very good feeling and light.
Worked well for 5 months and then stopped letting me charge them. Will likely try a diferent brand. EDIT: excellent customer service. Received a replacement within a week of original review.
This charging unit allows us to organize and charge multiple devices that require different charging cords (apple, Type C, and usb). We like that the LED lights up when charging. It was a plus that the unit came with the codes. We did color code the different cables so we can tell them apart.
Well as I figured any holder that has a gooseneck or thick wire is going to shake but I figured for the price I will take a chance. First off yes it does hold my s9+. It is a bit tight only because I have a caseology case otherwise no problem. I'm not sure about the bottom holder it is curved upwards and does not hold the bottom of the phone very well, but so far it is doable. It hold in the cup holder Okay. That's positive. Now the negative, Because of the 11' wire the phone shakes a lot. I have a pickup and the ride is really good so it is not the problem. By placing the phone in the holder it becomes top heavy and I tried to twist the wire in many different ways. It shakes! Leaning the phone up against the dash was one way to limit the shaking but it still shakes. If you're looking for an inexpensive cup cell phone holder you might like this, as long as you don't mind the shaking. I thought of returning it but for 13.00 It really isn't worth my time and it does work. Did I mention it shook the phone? Well, that is the best I can describe it. Hope this helps. Next time if ever I think I'll get the weather tech one.
Overall good but clear case looks odd after some use
Sturdy belt clip for the pixel 2 xl. It is quite large like the pixel 2 xl. I wish it would have allowed for charging while in the holster, especially when using it as a stand.
I love this case! It is so pretty! I would have given it 5 stars but an air bubble formed less than 24 hours after I got the case. I took it off my phone to make sure it wasn't leaking and it was fine. I haven't had any problems since.
Received both of the cords and they work great. Very well built too.
if you're looking for style then this is a great case. the blue isn't as bright as it is seems in the pictures, but it still looks really great. the smooth blue is more slippy than other cases, but it's way better than holding the moto x4 without a case. even though i feel it's more slippy than other cases, the grip is still good and you'd have to be careless for it to slip out of your hands. case feels nice to the touch. no problems with the power or volume buttons. don't expect this case to protect your phone at all if you drop it, it's that thin. the only reason i docked a star was because the case feels a little cheap and brittle. i have to handle it with care when inserting and taking out my phone or else i feel like it will crack. i don't see this case lasting more than a year, but for the year or whatever time i'll have it, it's worth the $11
Keeps phone clean and dry and you can still take photos and videos and make calls!
It's very easy to remove the links to adjust the fit for my wrist. Slightly wider than my usual band but it is comfortable once I adjusted the size. Very secure and easy to put on and take off.
I like how this looks to make the Fitbit a little more fashionable. It has caught on a few clothing items. The magnet does catch on metal items which is annoying.
Very satisfied costumer, It fits perfect and it feels really comfortable when you use your phone with it,Has a soft feel but easily is easily gripped.
I am quite surprised at the build of this device. Solid, great specs and very responsive. A beautiful display that's as large as my Galaxy Note9 despite being about a half inch shorter overall. Almost a 90% screen to body ratio. I'm pleased. Amazon was fast and efficient.
So far this is awesome. It rapid charged my phone in the same amount of time my wall charger charges my phone. The charger is about the same size as my phone but if it charges my phone right then that's better than a smaller size charger.
looks better in person than online. somewhat hard to tighten the band by yourself, also can be uncomfortable if you tighten too much since it is not a flexible band.
Cool case. Feels very protective. My son wants one now.
Looks good, but gets dirty very quickly.
Easy to setup and works perfectly
The battery lasts way longer than my previous noise cancelling earbuds, but I have two minor issues with it. 1) It is only slightly noise canceling, I'm guessing about 5 Db, and there's no switch for the noise cancelling feature, if the earbuds are turned on, you get noise cancelling, and 2) On an airline, there's no plug to listen to airline movies, since it's only bluetooth. On United, they can play a movie through their App into my iphone, and I could hear it that way. Otherwise you'd have to use the ill-fitting and noisy earbuds that the airline passes out.
It's a bit tedious to install. Had problem setting the edges
Love this case. Looks good, protects the phone, the buttons push easier than with other cases. All things considered, it's a solid case. The one complaint I have (and the only reason I can't give 5 ⭐) is that there's a small piece that holds the kickstand in the right spot while it's open, that peice has broken on both of the cases I've bought.
It looked good and easy to put on I can't really say cause they were the wrong size and I had to return
Love this so far! My only recommendation would be to order the size down if you're right on the cusp. When I measured my bicep it was about 16.5 inches. After reading some of the other reviews I went with an L instead of an XL, and it fits perfect. What I love about this is how simple it is. Basically a piece of cloth with a zipper pouch that my phone fits into perfectly. Simple, no velcro to wear out, and fits my arm very well. I can barely tell it's there when I'm running. My only complaint, and I'm sure this obvious from the picture, is that you can't see your screen while you're working out. Personally, this doesn't really matter to me, but if you use Strava or a similar app and like to easily pause your runs, or if you like to flip through music/podcasts, this would definitely get in the way. That said, it's easy enough to work around and even with that slight draw back this is well worth buying!
Can definitely save your azz but cheap plastic,plug in go tho
Ordered in blue. Like it very much. I wear them out.
Quality Built ....cable is a bit to stiff to handle.....it has a mesh for protection so it will last.
I've been using this for about a week. My only issue is I'm having to take my case off each time I want to charge it. That's a hassle. I'd rather just plug it in. However, the charger works great and if I had just a skin on your phone, it would charge just fine. I like the way the charger sits on the console between my front seats. That makes it easy to charge the phone.
The case overall feels and looks awesome. BUT I have a sneaking suspicion that it is bootleg The packaging looks and felt good enough but had no Apple branding on it whatsoever
Received this yesterday, very well constructed and easy to install on the Garmin Fenix 5. Looks and feels like it will last forever. My only concern and the only reason for not giving it a five-star rating is that it is very heavy, much more so than I thought it would be. However, that may be due to the construction as I believe that this band can stand up to just anything.
Easy to put on and take off. Stays in place on my runs. Phone fits sleeve even with a card pocket attached.
The color and quality is great. Could fit a little snugger but I still don't worry if my phone's falls. It's protected and looks great.
Works great. Lasted about a year. Not a bad price. I appreciate the spare, for when I need to replace it. NOTE: watch the online install instructions. The ones included in the box are unclear. The online ones actually tell you how to use the included stickers, which make installation a lot easier.
Be warned this has very bright lights. Not good next to bed at night. Charges very fast and the white matches my frosted glass dresser.
The installation was super easy and it lasted me a good while! It was too hot in the summer, and it melted the stick so it started to slide. I'm ordering another one Bc my phone fit in it so well, but this time I'm sticking it to my dash.
They don't stick that well so I use my own clear duck tape and double sided tape but it's super nice and is a whole vibe at night
I feel much safer with this around my waist.
It is not impervious to dust, but it's very good product, i'll buy it again
Beautiful case only con is the frame is peeling a little but phone is well protected. For the price I wish it was a little more scratch resistant and had a better top coat
love these things! great for holding your phone anywhere - in the car, house or boat. good product, but VERY slow shipping.
Buttons are super hard to press but it does its job.
i searched the instruction online and it works fine.
If you travel alone this is a great alternative to giving your phone to someone and asking them to take a picture.
Wish it were a little wider and had a plastic guide to install, but other than that I love this product! Had to remove it once because I couldn't get it centered, hence the 4/5 stars. If it had a plastic guide I would pay more and given 5 stars!
I use this for the DJI spark. It works as an OTG cable. Sometimes I have to unplug and replug the cable for the iPhone 7 but overall it works.
Fits perfectly and easy to install. Bad part is the screen protector. It's only a film thought I'd be a plastic. But for the price it's not a bad case and it looks pretty cool too!
Well made great value for the price. Looks and feels more expensive. Love it! Perfect fit. Would recommend it in a heartbeat.
The armband is comfortable and works well.
Like: smooth feel of the silicone, slim, open end of case exposes everything at the bottom of the phone nicely (speakers, mic, charging port. Dislike: The lip, or edge, that goes around the front corners of the phone doesn't protrude enough for my liking. It would be nice to be able to lay the phone down face down without the screen protector actually touching the surface of whatever the phone is resting on. Otherwise, really like the product. Would recommend. Got two of these for a great price.
Got this for my brother since he drives truck, he likes the dash cam, he said it's very clear and likes the screen size. He had only one issue and it was installing it, he would have preferred it to be like standard dash cam with the adapter to plug in instead of manually connecting the wires together. Other then that he really like the camera.
Would like the speakers to be a little bit louder.
Not much to say. I have dropped my phone a couple of times and now have a couple of cracks in the protector but that is what it is for.
I like this case. I am always dropping my phone and so far it is all still in tact. This case really protects it. It is slightly bulky but all in all it is a good case
Lots of tools, but the tape is releasing just from my body heat. I'm looking for better tape.
Alright. Third case for my new Note 8. The first one I ordered offered NO protection. The second one had AWESOME protection and looked great but the buttons were heck to push and the stylus wouldn't come out. THIS GUY: Looks great. I bought the gold case. I'm not generally a gold person. I'm fairly safe and go with black usually. But I took a risk and I'm glad I did. Super sharp. For men AND women. Not shiny or sparkly. Just a metallic/sharp style. Although it's a hard case, it DOES have slight cushion. I'm fairly darn certain my phone will survive if I drop it. My biggest worry and stress for purchasing a case is dropping my precious buddy. I'm not as certain with this case as I've been with other cases, however. The Note 8 has a curved screen, which I'm not a fan of. I think it's gimmicky and prefer practical over presence. This case does not wrap around the curves. They are exposed. IF you drop your phone just right and it happens to miss both corners and both edges (I know, slim chance but it could happen) then your curve is totally exposed and WILL make contact with the ground. The buttons are completely exposed on this case, so you get the original depression of each which I love. The ports are also entirely exposed, so no fumbling there either. Stylus is a simple removal. Everything else is an easy insert. Your camera is protected. My only worry with this case is the edge on each side making contact with hard surfaces when dropped. I'm not completely confident like I've been in the past. I'm still going to have near sheer panic upon droppage the first few times. Otherwise I love it. It's super slim and looks very, very nice. Maybe the nicest I've had. UPDATE: Four months later. I've dropped my phone a few times. Concrete. On its face. I was seriously stressed. It did not crack at all. It looks like the lip on the top and bottom of the case is enough to absorb the impact of the drop. However, the crack design on every corner of this case isn't the greatest. I don't see the point. I think it actually weakens it. I now have a crack in my case that's slowly spreading towards the center and it came from the corner. It could have been from the pressure of removing the case at one point. I'm very careful about removing my case, so either way...this seems like a design flaw. I am buying another case today, as the crack causes the corner to come apart regularly. Also, the gold is wearing off on the edges, exposing a white color underneath. I do wish it held up longer. Oh well!
Super happy with the case. The description had mentioned Pokémon but I don't see it on there. Sadly I haven't been able to play games in their entirety as of yet. If your an old school gamer this is a nice purchase.
Soo cute works well love the color
This is a very sleek case. Durable and good quality. Good thing about this is both men and women could use this case. Nits to bulky. Also very nice. Definitely recommend purchasing this.
This phone case is very good value for me. It is stronge looks very nice
Good product for those who want a portfolio type cover for a phone.
Love the band and it's easy to put on. Only thing I dislike is the design starts to fade away.
Phone case was awesome. In fact ive had this exact case before with a different phone. My only issue was the scren protector came broken
I've had this item on my phone for about a month and I have been very happy with it. The adhesive is strong and the elastic has held up great. I like that I can use the kickstand for portrait or landscape mode and that it allows my phone to lay flatter than my previous pop socket. Four stars because it's not quite as comfortable to hold as the pop socket and the elastic band doesn't work well for holding the phone in landscape orientation. Overall, though, I prefer this to my previously beloved pop socket.
Love this product. Which it covered/protected screen more but it's good. The card pockets are a little tight and deep. Had a sticky substance in the first pocket that ruined my cards.
It did take a while for the person to respond, but for the most part everything went smoothly.
Overall a pretty nice case. I had purchased one from the Apple store for my previous phone that I liked better. This will do.
Comes with cleaning pads to use prior to install
I upgraded to the Quick Charge 3.0 because my old car charger could not keep up with charging the phone while I am using Waze and piping audio from the phone via Bluetooth to the car speakers on a Note9. This charger does better and ALMOST keeps up but still not quite -- I tend to lose 1% every 15 minutes or so while in this mode. Generally the quality is good and it came with a free USB to MicroUSB cable.
You can use it anytime, anywhere. Very convenient charger compatible to a lot of phone models. I love that it easily charges my phone by just putting it on the stand. I won't have any trouble looking for my charger wires since it's wireless. It can also be put on your purse so you can use it on-the-go. The wood is just a little different than what I expected but over-all, I like it!
Looks great and is very light. However it provides minimal protection which is expected. This is a product of style over function.
I love the convenience of being able to just place my phone on this charger without having to fumble with cords, BUT if you own an iPhone X and don't use a case, you may wake up to an uncharged phone in the morning. Since the iPhone X has a glass back and the charger also appears to have a glass top, if the charger is not on a 100% level surface, the phone will slowly, but surely, begin to slide away from the charging “sweet spot” on the charger. I have temporarily remedied this by placing a business card between the phone and charger. Ideally, it would have been nice if this charger had an anti-slip surface.
It looks good, fits good but...when finally scratched it was veeeeeery hard to remove.
Hate that it becomes yellow and dirty after a while, but it was at a really good price. Better than buying from Best Buy or other sellers.
Received the case very quickly. Once arrived my husband installed it on his Iphone XS Max. The case does feel sturdy and like it would protect the phone. The only issue would be when the case is on and you want to play music the case muffles the music or sound a bit. Its something you would have to sacrifice when using the case. Other than that the case is nice.
It's so difficult to find wallet cases that don't cover the front of the phone. I was so happy when I found this one! The buttons help keep your cards safe and sound, and definitely give you piece of mind that they won't fall out. The pockets are not too tight that you can't pull out your cards quickly, but they're also not too loose where you fear losing them when you open the wallet. The little pocket for cash is super convenient, and is probably my favorite part of the case. Though the case is only meant to hold 4-5 cards, I currently have 7 cards and a few dollar bills, and the case still closes perfectly, and it not bulky at all! (A big plus for me!!) The only complain I have is that the color of the actual product is not as accurate as the picture. I order the darker blue case, yet, it looks almost black when you hold it in your hands. I wanted something a little softer and lighter, more feminine. However, that's the only thing about the case that bothers me. I would totally recommend this case to friends, family, and strangers on the street.
Very good product, worth every penny.
This is a really nice band! Feels much more secure than my other band. I only gave it 4 stars because the color in the picture isn't accurate. It's more like a baby pink. It's still very pretty! Just know what you're getting. Here's a picture that I believe accurately captures the color.
Quality. Like having different lengths for different places
Arrived on time. Buttons are well placed do not have to use excessive pressure.
Product is as expected
My only concerns is. this castor oil is transparent, I have never seen it in this color, as I grew up seeing my parent using black castor oil, nevertheless, I'll give this a fair try,. Here I am again, love the product, very good,
It appears to be built good but it's a little more bulky than I'd like for it to be
It looks pretty cool, it was a great way to upcycle my old nano. But unfortunately, the screw broke and now I can't wear it. Everything else is made of solid material and the band is comfortable.
Works good but not compatible with some apps
actually works a lot better than I expected. surface is very easy to grasp. gold trim starting to get pitted, it's fairly soft.
Packaging was garbage. There was no plastic covering the popsocket and so it could of damaged it. Also it spins too much compared to my other one. Not sure why it's so loose...
Have to buy a new one. Lasted for a good amount of time. Don't know how or when the holding part snapped off and now it is just a black circle on my dashboard. Really great and I am placing an order for a new one as we speak.
Nice product. Not leather; you are paying for the brand but overall it looks great!
1st, the sound is better than I expected especially for the price. Fit is great, pairing is easy 2nd, the not so good but I can live with it. the phone reception is not great, it's ok. the one ear piece does have a habit of cutting out which is annoying but I just simply it back on and I am good. for the price it's worth it as a spare to my shure earbuds. AirPods don't fit well so i am happy with these
Overall this was a nice case. Unfortunately, it was sightly thicker than expected. I ended up using a different case for my iPhone.
Nice case! However, the side buttons did not work unless I pressed really hard. Therefore I only gave it 4 stars.
This cable is fantastic to allow me to charge 3 different devices at the same time. I have used it to charge iPad, Samsung S8 and my power bank. I charged them all individually and the speeds were fantastic!
It's really hard to remove out but I satisfied with that. I mean it was a good experience and I think it's very useful.
This charger is easy to set up and easy to use. The charging speed is quick and I love using this charger in my kitchen.
It's way more pink than purple. Otherwise it functions as it should.
Nice cover. Don't need to open it to answer the phone
Good sound ..stays in ears .. Charges fast
Easy to install.. the case is good and not to bulky but the screen protector shattered after one drop...
A few chips but nothing worth whining over... it does what I bought it for, to not let my phone look plain.
Mine broke after 6 months but company promptly replaced. Love the sound quality.
Very good product, my previous earphones were a bit better but also more expensive. The earphones look great although the cable bends and twists but overall great earphones with very good sound quality for the price and the bass is not lost either.
Easy to install and makes the phone look NEW~
Didn't last as long as I had hoped. But worth the price I paid, for sure.
Works well, used in my car all last week, ordered another one for my husbands car,
The added 2mm larger size vs Series 3 just looks better, crown and function button feel a bit better put together. the heart monitor does indeed function more accurately vs Series 3. Rubber strap is nice, stays on securely and not uncomfortable- but is a bit bland looking compared to the Nike+ black sport band. However that is an easy change with any of the nice aftermarket bands available. Purchased from Amazon directly, prompt shipping and safely packed in an oversized mailing box.
Clean & charge the same time, Very easy to use,I put anything in if it fit ( I don't know if it kill all the germ like they said ). But I trust their word for it.
I didn't like not receiving power supply and the cord is unique to theses headphones only making it hard to charge on the go but great sound great long battery life
It works. Price was right
used this when driving car without bluetooth. works excellent:connects fast, really clear reception, was always heard, fit was good, charge time was never long and I was never able to use up all the charge before recharging and i spoke for 4 hours sometimes before recharging. charges with my phone charger but came with chords. My only issues is there are no replacement ear buds in the pkg and the little press button thingie for answering the call fell off one day. luckily i was in the car an found it and stuck it back in. i am sorry someone stole this from me, i left it lying around the office.
Great waterproof case ! Definitely will be useful when going on vacation for water activities. Only downfall is that there is too much extra room since I have the iphone 7 not the plus. The case is also too big in size. I have other waterproof cases that are 3/4 of the size of this one.
It's super cute and stylish but a little difficult to take off
Seems really nice for the money. I've had it about 3 weeks and I'm very pleased so far. Not crazy about the plug in flap being so tight, and have considered cutting it off. Lol. But it's that way for a reason I suppose and it does it's job. The phone is super protected in this case!
Good case for the price get lots of compliments on it!
I like these! Comfortable without being too large around the ear. Having a little challenge finding the right sized bud, however these are the best ones I've found so far!
Havnt got to use em yet so idk how they work but they look nice n stong
It fits Android phones, doesn't matter what phone model you have. The clips will mount the lens on. Does what it said to do!
They work as they advertise
Pretty good case. I've dropped my phone a few times and it's fine. No serious drops yet though. I've had the case for maybe a month or two and some of the rubber parts on the back are starting to peel off.
It is not good If you really care about the look . I like it because I'm not a smooth user
Fast delivery, works well so far (2 weeks).
IT LOOKS GREAT AND IT'S COMFORTABLE IN MY HAND
Good item. Completely blocks the light. The velcro strap gets caught in your hair though and pulls it out if you're not careful.
Not as small as I would like it to be for traveling, but I love that it has both the iPhone and Android options, as my friends forget chargers and they don't have iPhones. This will be staying in my travel bag for that next trip!
I like the auto on and off feature. It saves on battery life. Cool piece of tech. They sound pretty good and you can't argue with the price
Looks like a winner for a much better price point than from Verizon ...
l like it because is light weight , but l was looking for something that will vibrate when a call comes in so l wouldn't miss a call when l am driving .
Hey, for 20 bucks they work just fine. Some distortion with deep bass.
Great case; the gravel has a nice, non-slippery feel to it. It's definitely more cosmetic than protective. I took a star off because the tabs over the power and volume buttons are quite stiff - hard to feel the 'clicky-ness' of the buttons. If you use magnet mounts, a round metal plate can be hidden inside and still holds securely.
I wear several bands with my Samsung Frontier and I was looking for a nice-looking leather band. It's not rich looking upon closer inspection, but I didn't need it to be. It seals the deal with the quick change pins. I would not buy any other type of bands.
The frame is made of plastic, so if you are going to mount them from under the deck, be careful of not over tightening the screws or it will break, I'm sure they will end up breaking fue to stress. I bought them to replace a 26 year old pair of Pioneers ats series, to my surprise, the pioneers aire louder and the highs brighter?!?! I'll give them some break in time to see if the performance improves, they sound good, but I was shocked to find out that the old speakers sounded better.
Ordered for staff member....no complaints!
*UPDATE* Almost as soon as I posted my first review, the seller reached out to me to see how they could help me be satisfied with the product. They shipped me new cases in different colors to see if they would help me like them more. I received a black, gold and clear case. The gold is shiny, not brushed like the actual watch is, so it's not totally something I would pick, but it does look a lot better than the clear. I used it all weekend while camping and 4 wheeling, and it did a great job protecting my watch, with little to no dust or dirt getting underneath it. Its annoying that you have to take it off to charge, because that opens up opportunity for dust to get under it when you put it back on, but I can live with it. The seller really wanted me to update my review to 5 stars, but I am still not there yet, as the gold is not a match to the watch, and therefore I dont think I will use it very often, and dont care for the black or clear, but otherwise, I think these are great cases. Original review: Punchline: I sent these back for a refund. Details: These cases will likely do a decent job protecting your watch. They cover the screen and metal on the watch. The cutouts line up nicely, and the touch screen works well with it on. That being said, it looks like crap on. The bulky clear case makes the watch look cheap and tacky. I'd rather take the risk that I might get a small scratch than have this make my watch look ugly for sure. See my pictures of my watch both with and without the case on to see what I mean.
Does what it say would do. I like it!
First great electrical connectors or junk get what you pay for
Really like the iPad case
Great protection there are a few areas that will break because the plastic is really thin on some parts. Has kept my phone from getting damaged.
Fits perfectly and looks awesome. Wish they had more girl patterns than white and clear though.
Really fast charging, doesnt heat up much but does die a little faster then I expect.
This is a cheap fitness tracker that has not so cheap functionality. There are many features that you will be able to see if you look in the description. One feature I am not sure about is the heart rate monitor. I am not exactly sure about how accurate it is, but I did not count that in my rating. One feature I am disappointed in is the sleep tracking feature. I expected the tracker to be very accurate with when I fell asleep and when I woke up. It was not very accurate because it thought that I was sleeping about 40 minutes after I woke up. This time was counted in the total sleep time which I why I was disappointed. I am extremely happy that the tracker has color. It is a nice addition to have even though it is not very customizable. There is one feature that I wish it had. I wish that it had the find my phone feature where your phone will ring if you push a button on your band. I only wish that the vibrating sound was lower because it is pretty loud. Everything else with the band was acceptable. The step counter, weather, quality, abilities, and app given its price.
Bought it for my daughter she loved it until I bought another case the end.
Nice case. Just ALOT bigger than I expected. Even with the bulky case on the phone it still slides around in it.
I like the lady like but rugged texture. It looks good and is very functional.
these are great! however they have a bright blue light that lights up the whole room. I fixed this by covering it with black tape and it works perfect.
Really charges fast! Ugly color, but easy to identify in the morning.
I upgraded an older Bluetooth 2.1 receiver I had and this connects much faster and sounds better, so I'm happy with that. But as many other people have said you'll definitely need a noise isolator or you'll get a lot of buzzing sound, I wish they would have just built that in though. There are several of these available on Amazon that do just that (like the Mpow one). But I'm a big fan of Anker's products and their customer service and I know nothing about Mpow, so I went with the Anker one and got a noise isolator. With that set up it works perfectly.
Stand broke within days, but protector is quite stiff. Serves it's purpose.
Loved but color began to wear off after about a month.
Seems like whats needed for the smaller camera for mic, flash etc. and adds a little more protection.
Nice and clear . looks very good and retains the shape and color of iPhone Little Slippery
Fits snugly and works just as advertised. The attention to the design of this product surpassed my expectations. Great buy. **Update** After about 6 months, the back is coming apart. I very rarely drop the phone, but a recent fall may have broken the clips that hold it together. I think they could have made the fasteners more sturdy.
Initial impressions look favorable for a product that will live up to daily use and should provide adequate protection from accidental falls.
Obviously cannot expect amazing sound quality at this price, but they work just fine for listening to podcasts and taking a phone call while driving. The earbuds themselves might be a tiny bit bigger than the original Apple version, but it's not noticeable in the ear. Volume/pause/call buttons and microphone feel and perform same as the Apple version.
What I dont like is that the charger that came with it is not working. Need to you to replenish
Overall, a very good case. I like the kickstand. Locking mechanism of the kickstand could be better. The screen protector could be better. I had some dirt and bubbles under the screen.
It's great! Holes for camera, home key, speaker all fit correctly. Lighting is perfect... privacy works perfect! Downside is it's almost not wide enough for my 8 plus. But that's the ocd in me.
I personally hate wearing earphones as they always fall out. I also don't like wearing the big headphones while running because my sweat is annoying. This solution is great. I can wear my headband (which I usually do) and still can listen to music. The two speakers are inside the headband and are removable. I don't have to cover my entire ears to listen. The only struggling part for me is charging the headband phones because I have to remove the speaker out.
I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of these wireless earphones. Synching with my Android S9+ was simple and I enjoy music now in many places where it just didn't seem to work before. Recommend these as an inexpensive addition to improve your enjoyment of the day.
Great small speaker. If your looking for something small with good sound and battery this is a good choice. It doesn't pair with my JBL flip 4 which is a bummer but does well for what it is.
Easy to put on, thin, and light weight. Exactly what I was looking for! Cannot attest to durability yet.
The case protects well but if you drop it on concrete it will tear the leather. I have a back up just for looks.
Just as described in the web pages on Amazon - durable and easy to put on the note 8
I like this case. its thin and its very comfortable to hold it
after charging it , it worked , so far so good, excellent price if it continues to work!
Exactly what I needed to replace broken cord. Timely delivery!
As phone cases go, this one may not be the most protective (it's not bad... it does the job, but I'm not sure my phone would survive a fall onto a hard surface), but it does the job. Where this phone wins me over is the design. I've had so many compliments on this cute case, and I like that it's relatively slim and not super thick like some other brands.
Fast shipping and good price.
A inexpensive replacement for someone who doesn't need to replace a phone all of the time.
Great price for the money! Definitely not as protective as other cases, but it looks great. Glows in the dark just as it says! Seems to be well built, however bubbles did appear as with all cases with liquid inside.
It's for my son, it's very strong, and it protects the phone all the time This case is absolutely an amazing value.
Not sure if it's the cover or me but it's already cracked in about 7-8 places. I bought it to protect the screen from scratching as this phone's screen is shatter-proof. I have dropped my phone onto concrete, wood, vinyl and blacktop so... It's probably me. :) The screen was easy to place but didn't get a firm seal at the bottom where the button is as the cover is cut just a tad too small there. These were cheap and once this particular cover is beyond use I'll buy again, I don't mind given how cheap they are.
Turns yellow after a while
Love love love this product!!! Wish I had gotten them sooner! Makes life much easier!!
patch in to my reciever
It had easy to follow instructions made for easy installation
Good earphones, fair sound quality although I had to push hard them into my ear canal to get to hear properly the full range of sounds especially the lower ones. Easy to pair with my iPhone SE.
This universal phone mount is pretty neat. It took me a minute to figure out how to use it due to there being no instructions, or even a picture included (hence the 4-star rating) that would have made it easier. I had no clue what to do with the felt piece, but after playing around with it for a minute, I was able to understand. Anyway, this mount works great and is easy to use.
exactly as I ordered, hard to beat otterbox
They sound great and i love them but fall out of my ears sometimes mid workout
The glass very easy to break. I called the company for screen replacement they told me this device available in Iran and can be fixed there only. Not available in the US. Good luck if you already bought it from Amazon.
Great case, I miss the cut out though
EDIT: Seller has been very helpful in resolving the issues I have. Back up to 5 stars for the CS! Seriously? A dash cam that doesn't keep the time everytime I start my car....real useful if i have to sit there and set it every time...
Good case however what keeps the slide from opening gave out a bit after a month and a half of use.
The white is starting to discolored
This item was purchased and used and stated as in "good condition" I will say fair. It has some scratches on it and big gouges. The port doors are loose and don't close anymore. This item all in all does what it serves to do as an otterbox besides the annoyance of the rubber port doors that do not close.
There have been previous Bluetooth earphones that I have bought that always had some downsides, like battery consumption, Bluetooth range is weak, sound quality is distorted, etc. But, these earphones have solved that problem, but there's a feature on these earphones that I wish it had like the previous ones I owned before. Thr first thing that I like about these earphones is that it doesn't come off as easily when I am sweating or even just running. The previous ones I had these hardships and thankfully, these fix those problems. Another thing that I like about these earphones is the Bluetooth range is actually stronger than the ones I had before and even when I cover my hand on the side that has the Bluetooth receiver, it doesn't cut off the sound. Also, there is a case and my previous headphones didn't have a case. In that case (no pun intended), my previous headphones didn't have protection and they will break easily. But there is one gripe I have, which I mentioned before, which is not having a functional Play/Pause button. Whenever I press the button on the side of the earphones, it won't pause or play music. But, when I hold it to get my voice assistant and then press it once, it works. So, I hope this issue get solved once there's another version of these. But, if you're looking for some earphones that you need for gym, commuting, or anything else, then these are the earphones that you need.
I like this case. It doesn't slide all around or out of my pocket. Buttons and touch screen are very responsive. Case fits very snug and actually was hard to get back off but I guess that's what makes it water proof tight. (Eventhough I haven't water tested it yet) I would rather the wrist strap to be on the bottom so I can secure the phone and text at the same time but it's workable. Also if you are using a non apple charger it will be difficult to charge. My charger was too chunky so I had to go back to my slim apple charger .... again workable.
It is not a really durable case but good for price. Held up much better than other cases of same price.
Clear sound. Works beautifully. Couldn't give 5 stars because the controls are so hard to find and distinguish between.
Always can use another cord. Great price and durable
Big and well built case. My only complaint is I wish the flap closed with a magnet instead of velcro. You will have that loud velcro sound every time you get your phone out.
Looks great. It's gorgeous. Will offer good protection. Full coverage. IT HAS A LIP to protect the screen. Not sure why some people wrote that it doesn't have the lip on the front. One minor gripe is that the case is a little bit slick. It is not as grippy as some of the other cases. Good news is that the more you use your phone, the less slippery it gets. It took about a month for my case to become comfortable, i.e. no fear of dropping.
didnt really like the pattern in person
Great sound. Bass was a pleasant surprise. 4 stars because the cord is a little shorter than I'd like, which makes the buds shake loose periodically. Solid product
Fits good, feels good and looks good.
Great case overall, it's very hard and protects the phone very well. Only thing I dislike a little is the buttons are a bit hard to press, but you get used to over time.
Good case works well and fits perfectly. Not a fancy case but does the job. Would buy again.
This case feels great in hand and looks really good too. But it's definitely not good to protect your phone from a drop.
We used this selfie stick all over Italy and loved it. it was easy to use, durable and make our vacation more meaningful
Outstanding travel mini tripod for the price. Highly recommend this for those who want a budget friendly mini tripod on the go.
A little hard to get it perfect.
It's worked good so far, dropped it only twice and it is protecting my phone well
A little finicky at times and depending on case, but I've learned to charge phone sitting on its side rather than upright and seems to be working fine. When you lay phone on it, you'll notice the led will be bright, then dim and flash slowly 3 times then go out. This lets you know it is charing. If led stays on or flashes bright it isn't charging. I like it!
Easy to install, good durability, good quality for the price.
Looks good and strong
You do have to be careful when you charge. It doesn't always catch but others then that has charged pretty quick. Not as fast as a plug in. If you have a pop socket it won't charge at all because it blocks the connection with the phone.
Not bad for the price and considering I could find a case for an all but discontinued model is nice. Delivered just as promised
I bought this to replace the Apple branded silicone case that was peeling in several places. This item is just like the Apple product, but without the logo. I couldn't bring myself to pay Apple $35 when I could get one much cheaper on Amazon. I only gave this 4 stars because I only just received this product, so I don't know if it will hold up or not. Even if it doesn't, it's cheap enough to buy another without breaking the bank. (Although, if it continued to happen, that would be another story.) The case I replaced, I think was softer, but that may be because I had it for about 5 yrs.
It fits my phone well.
Great product, comfortable to wear as wel
The touch screen needs to be more sensitive. Since I have a protective screen on my iPhone this probably adds to the problem but, I would imagine that the manufacturer would have taken this into consideration. Everything else is top notch, fit, quality of product & pricing & I use it everyday.
Fits well. Unlike mentioned in the product description it isn't scratch resistant. Had it for exactly 1 week and was always in my pocket or on counter top, never laid keys or any objects on the case and it has visible and palpable scratches onto. Finger prints are also seen which don't go away easily. It slides very easily on a leather couch or if the surface is slightly inclined. Feels and looks good otherwise. Don't know if it is durable.
I've had life proof, otter box and others as well as this case. I'd say, outside of water proof, this case does its job well. Very sturdy, dropped many times, no issues. I like the thick corners for added protection and the rubber grip all over. I'm a manual labor type guy, yard work, mechanic work, construction etc... and always have my phone with me, drop it down, toss it occasionally, my phone stays protected. Very little dirt gets under the screen protector, easily pops off to rinse out. The touch screen does wear down but not bad. About a year I had the last one before replacing it because the screen protector had worn where I scroll with my thumb.
I was very excited to receive this case; it appeared this case was everything I needed in a cell case. Arrived much sooner than stated when I ordered, 2 weeks earlier! Everything fit my phone perfectly and the zippered area holds all cards, cash and more. Doesn't hold earbuds...Main reason for 4 is the phone has fallen out a couple of times, even tho I had it snapped shut. Evidently, the magnet holding the phone isn't strong enough to hold when the case is dangling from the wristlet band. The first time I didn't notice it fell right away and found it by the mailbox, thought maybe I was distracted and didn't hook well enough. So, I always double checked after that. Next time it fell out onto the floor, glad it didn't break. So, I'm ordering something else.
Product is comfortable to wear, cant even tell it's in. The sound quality is decent for the price. Great deal in my opinion.
It was for my daughters iphone 11
Case does fit the phone perfectly and the grip on the sides feels comfortable and very secure in the hand. I don't really see myself dropping my phone anytime soon with this case. Unfortunately, the glowing apple logo has a dim but visible “square” of light surrounding it. During the day it's not visible. At night though, you can clearly see that it's not only the apple logo lighting up, but also some of the area surrounding it. This might sometimes throw you off since you just want a glowing logo, not a glowing logo with a pale square light aura.
Meets all my needs from a phone. Fast processing speed, clear pictures, nice size, light weight and sleek. Fingerprint is a great add on bonus.
Great product! Next time I would buy one that's leather just so it can clean easier but I loved this product and you can't beat the price!!
Great case. Love the feel and look.
Not bad. I've had it a few weeks now. It holds about 3 credit cards comfortably. Not so easy to get them in and out, but it's ok. Not so sure about the flap working so well as a “stand,” but I've managed ok. LOVE the strap!
We ordered the wrong iPhone 11 product, and vendor was prompt and clear about the return/refund.
nothing to dis like
I am prone to dropping my phone, so I'm hoping this case will provide enough impact shock resistance when it does fall. I cannot comment on the durability as yet as I recently acquired the case a few days ago. However the case fits beautifully and is not at all bulky and all cut outs line up perfectly.
Can be difficult to install if this is the first time installing screen protectors. Otherwise, this is a perfect pack of screen protectors to stop your Apple Watch from getting scratched up from everyday use.
Excellent support!. Work well holding up my phone while driving. Thumb up. Just don't take it out offen, then it will be a hassle.
Loved it until it stopped working. Thought it would last longer. Stopped working Feb 2018 After review written, a free replacement product was offered and sent. Great customer service. New cord working great.
I purchased these because of the included frame that looked like it would be a great help applying the shield. I was mistaken. I had difficulties with bubbles underneath - maybe because I wasn't used to the frame. But I have never had any trouble applying the protective shields before. When I watched the video, it wasn't for using the frame. Otherwise I am satisfied and they are nice. The frame is the only reason I gave them 4 stars instead of 5. My advice - don't use it.
This is my 4th voyager headset. Overall they make a solid product and I am very happy with them. However, they just cannot get it perfectly right for some reason. I always buy the add-on charging case and the headsets never seem to fit in them correctly. I often have to jiggle the headset inside the case to get it to start charging sometimes... This is annoying because if it doesn't sit correctly, it doesn't charge... and I hate it when my headset dies. Every Voyager model i owned has this issue. I was excited to see that Plantronics offered micro USB charging capability this time... in addition to their proprietary connection which is weak at best. However, this has been screwed up as a result of poor engineering on the dust cap attached to the end. Right out of the box, the dust cap does not stay inside the micro USB port. It keeps falling out and dangling from the earpiece. All they had to do was make the dust cap a little thicker or longer and all would be good. I am tired of people asking what that is hanging from my earpiece. It's bad enough this thing is ugly, but it really works well and I need the battery life and quality. It is just frustrating a penny was probably saved and that something so simple could be such an annoyance. I ended up pulling the dust cap off and buying a 25 pack of micro USB dust covers. The plugs work great except now I have to take them out to use the charger case. In the end, this family of earpieces have been the best I have owned... That is all!
It was exactly as described and functioned just fine. A decent value and product.
Early review: I've been using this product for about two weeks now and it works exactly as expected. It has a couple features not visible in the product photos. First, the clear plastic dividers light up when a device is charging, which I find very useful. I didn't expect this. Also, it comes with a divider for an Apple Watch magnetic charger, which is also a nice feature I didn't expect. I live in an iOS household, so my only wish is that it came with half Lighting and half USB cords. If it had that I would give it 5 starts.
Have a cassette player in my truck that finally quit on me so I bought this and it links up to my phone and the radio and works good, now I can listen to my tunes, doesn't work really for phone calls but that's not what I got it for, would recommend if you don't have the funds to buy a whole new set up.
Worked fine. Expensive compared to waiting for the same part from China.
Quite durable for what it is. Micro USB connectors do lose their grip after a while and this one is no exception. It does last longer, though. As for the cord itself it is amazingly durable. No issues yet.
Makes it hard to press buttons, but nice.
Good product, but the flap to the charging port is difficult to open.
The first time he used the stand, it broke.
Holding ipad very good. Sometimes issue with stability clipped mg ro desk.
simply the only flaw in the overall product is no instructions included with packaging. Besides finding tips online all else worked perfect as it should!
the case is okay. came in as pictured. the screen protector that came with it was shattered, but I sent the customer support an email, they replied quickly and sent me new protectors, so overall its good
It is a very nice case. It is pretty thick and sturdy. Fits my S8+ just right.
TLDR; does the job, arrived cracked I love the privacy screen! It is not 100% opaque, which is a bummer, but the price is unbeatable! The screen I bought, however, arrived cracked and I couldn't justify potentially breaking my glass or LCD screens while waiting for a replacement, so I cannot get a refund.
Nice kit. Went together and holds things in place.
still working great even after a year! need to understand that there will be wiggle from the socket arm still bendable and durable while the holder still holds my phone...and i have a wide phone ...Lg stylo 2
Great protective case, the only thing is the side buttons are a little hard to push. But overall great product !
Works well. Prevents scratches.
They are a bit smaller than i was expecting. Hopefully they will hold up.
I really like this case! It's super easy to get my cards out with the little pull tab and I have squeezed a little cash in too. The only negative and it's not a huge deal is that it doesn't lay flat kind of like a lopsided table which is only an issue when I'm using the calculator.
nice camera for the price
Great Product, Great Service and fast Delivery!
Pros: bright lighting & great adhesive. Cons: sizing chart misleading. The XL didn't form a complete square on the back of 55" tv as pictured in description. Only 3/4 around.
The adhesive is great and even easily removed. The first ring lasted about a month before the tension broke. The second has lasted longer so far, at least it's a pack of 4. Wireless charge still works! My name brand wireless charger at home works great with the ring. My off brand wireless charger at work will charge but the ring gets hot!
Too big for what I wanted, but I'm sure it works well for ones who like the size. I returned the item and it was easy to do so.
Working well as presented... just getting pricey this time as i bought these item twice for our two cars
Sweet handset! I got this as a gift for a family member that can't use a touchscreen phone. The quality of the phone is great, the flip mechanism is smooth and the screen is very clear and easy to read. The size is thin and compact and the soft touch plastic finish feels nice. The phone has everything you'd need, calling, texting, internet browser, games. It won't do apps or YouTube, etc. But if you just want a solid phone with long battery life, it's a great option. Would also be good as a backup phone.
Did the job and protected my phone. Was really hard to get in and out of the case though at times. Also if you didn't hold the case and phone just right pics were a bit blurry. All in all worth the price. Was fun to have in the pool!
I like this mount in most ways but it wobbles a good bit hanging on to the air vent.
Stylish and easy to grip
Works the best out of all the tempered glasses I've tried. Covers most of the screen but there is still a gap open to the edge and the edges don't stick completely due to the curve of the screen.
Cover is great for protecting the entire Versa (screen and case), easy to install and remove, even while you're wearing it. Cons are that the touch responsiveness isn't that great and that it's a bit thick. (nice for protection, but not as good on the looks).
Perfect for a wrapping replacement. Dont seem super durable for multi extended use but great for a few uses possibly.
The colors are exactly as shown. The dark purple along the edge is a deep grape color, and the lighter color is a light lavender. They work well together! My only problem with this case is that it's a bit slippery, so you might need to put one of those things on the back in order to keep a hold on it. However, I will say that the times I've dropped it, the screen has been protected, so that was a good thing. Anyway, this is a nice case and it does the job, for sure!
Works decent. It shows the fingerprints and smudges on the case tho. The touch screen is better than another case I got but it skips a letter every once in awhile, so I have to be really diligent about reading everything I typed over again
Did not get to wear because I a new/different size phone.
My only concern is the wire seem thin and i'm Scared I will break it
Works exactly as advertized, no issues at all, use the included adapter, iPad chargers do not work with this. Would be nice to include adapter for Euro
Nice value and does its job
Fits perfect. Only problem is if you have a Convertible Wireless Charger, it will not charge is landscape mode. Only laying flat, but it is easy to take off for charging G
Works just like the original
I just want to say don't buy this case if you're not delicate with cases which is odd coming from a lifeproof review but hear me out, the water testing passed flawlessly, the sound was great, but whenever I called someone they said they could barely hear me even when I had the port open for chargeing port, that piece broke off within days as well. So overall I wouldn't recommend buying this case if you treat your phone like a piece of wood in winter. I gave it 4 stars just because of everything else
1/2 the price of down town
Works well, needs velcro on bottom to keep from moving
Works great! Balancing it right takes some time and the cord is a bit short since it has to stay plugged in. Super useful and 100% would buy again.
it's a cute case, came as described and the quality is good. Downfall is that it is a rubber case
lighting is great and its cool when you quickly need to see in the dark. if you try to take it off you need to hold from the back while a friend pulls the phone out from the front at the bottom...
Recently upgraded my phone from a Moto G4 to a Moto G7. My son's G6 Play came with a rubberized case, so I was surprised that the G7 did not. As a result, I had to find a case for my G7 similar to what I had on my G4. This appeared to fit the bill. This case for my G7 is good, although not perfect. There is nothing "wrong" with it, per se. The phone fits in snugly, but easily, and access to the fingerprint scanner, cable access, and buttons is great. The G7 itself is SUPER slippy (I don't know why phone manufacturers make them like this when it forces us to just cover it up with a case anyhow!) so this case was a significant improvement. However, I will say that it isn't rubberized ENOUGH for my liking. I still have trouble, with the case on, with the phone gradually slipping in my grip, particularly when I'm using it with one hand. I would have preferred it to be a BIT more grippy. It does slide nicely in and out of my pocket. However, I do miss having the case actually provide a lip on the bottom of the phone along the screen edge, which was the case with my G4 phone case. This might be the fault of the phone's design, however, since the smaller bezel on the phone makes a very small tolerance. I'd definitely recommend this case if you want a nice, basic case. But I can't give it 5 stars unless it did a better job of letting me keep hold of the phone...which is my number 1 reason for having the case to begin with. The second reason is to protect the screen when you lay it face down, which this one does beautifully.
These are the same that came with my s10+. I loved them before the neighbors dog chewed them up. Looked for a replacement everywhere. Only cheap skull candy ones at the mobile stores or over priced cover your ears available for wired headphones. Walmart no better options either. After striking out with expensive bluetooth that were terrible, I found these on Amazon. Should have looked here 1st. Loved the price. These are great. I wouldn't say they are the best for listening to music with a lot of bass but perfect for calls & my contacts can hear me better as well. Thank you for fast shipping and the low price.
Really expensive for what it is
Good product with reasonable price.
I like the way these go over the ear to help hold in place, I always have a problem getting the ear buds to stay in my ear. These are perfect for me.
The case would be perfect if I read that it was for the S6 edge PLUS. I have the S6 edge. Otherwise it shipped quickly.
Like being hands free!
Loved the 3 different lengths but the 6 ft. cable was kinking at the point where it goes into the phone and works only when stretched out. Not a major problem for me, I just changed locations where I charge my phone.
I like that it comes with 3 mounts, but only two have been kind of useful. The glass mount on the package I got shows that the arm can be moved. But mine can't so I cannot use it. I currently use the dashboard mount and that is starting to mess up because it keeps tilting and I have to keep adjusting it which is dangerous when driving.
Haven't had this sub long but I'm very happy with it. Fits perfect in my jeep with a cover over the trunk
Great headphones for working out and listening to music. Good price too so I don't worry about getting them sweaty as opposed to $50+ headphones.
I had a perfectly good backup battery, but now that I have to carry a million gadgets around with me this 10,000mAh battery is much more useful. It has enough to power to actually give multiple charges to a iPhone, Apple Watch, and iPad on a weekend trip. And Anker always has a good bang for your buck value.
Great color, easy to put on phone. The case seems to be working great so far, but the first time I used the charging cord it broke, had to buy a new one.
Cause I have used it before
Beside the fact that I am a person who likes colors, these items are great because I can still use my tablet while it is plugged in. The weave around the cord is amazing for keeping the cord intact as it enters the plug. It took my last one over a year to break!
The case seems very solid after a few months of use. No problems yet. People seem to have trouble hearing me on speaker, but I hear this might just be a problem with the Pixel itself. The major complaint I'd have is the screen protector. It smudges easily and has an odd rainbow like look to it when the screen is dark. Doesn't impact me much while looking at the screen fully illuminated, but the dark home screen looks funny.
Does the job. Protects my watch. Nothing fancy. Good product.
Flashlight feature is good, and charging cable is lighting which means I can use it charge my iPhone or use it charge the power bank, but I don't there were twice it stopped charge after few minutes, but now it's all good
It works well. A little confusing to install, but issue was resolved with a little help.
Was excited for the longer cables, but one by one they stopped working. It was fun while it lasted.
I have to admit I was truly expecting garbage at this price this may be the best battery case I have. Very thing great texture
It's a pretty good value. However, After having the charger for several months now I can say that I have only had a couple of nights that my phone didn't charge. I think I must have not had it lined up good enough. As long as you make sure your phone is on the charger properly you should have no problem what so ever.
Like it a lot. Just what I needed.
It looks neat. It protects my phone very well. I like that I can set my phone on its face and the little edge from the rubber part of the case keeps it raised, helping to protect the front from scratching. What I don't like is how easy it is to hit the on/off button. I have to be very careful while I'm on it to only hold it by the hard plastic in the middle. It's smooth against the fingers and I can know I'm no where near a button. The belt clip is a joke. It is a wrestling match to get the phone in/out of it. And due to the forced needed to get it out, the edge of my clip broke. So if you're buying it for the clip, this is totally useless. If you're buying it for extra phone protection, this is a good cover. UPDATE: I had my case from about August 2017 to March 2019. I finally broke the hard outer case. So it lasted about a year and a half. It has saved my phone many times over along with a screen protector. I've dropped my phone a lot. I love this case. I stand by my original review. I ordered another one and will do so again in another year and a half.
Pretty nice looking case, fits well.... Doesn't necessarily provide any drop protection, but it is very slim and low-profile. Only reason for 4 starts is the edges/lip around the screen are a bit flimsy and get caught on the edges of my clothed or fingers sometimes and I fear they will crack/break soon.
Simple enough, thin enough... but using the flash sometimes bleeds into the transparent plastic and glares it back into the camera lens... That's the only big problem with this, but in terms of protection? Top notch.
The case is really nice and slim! I've had it for about two weeks and haven't dropped it yet on the ground, but I think it will be bad if i did drop it. Overall, it looks nice and simple!
I love it and can honestly say that manual is really helpful
Size and feel is perfect for law enforcement and rugged. The mic element is encased in the housing and doesn't allow enough transmit audio to pass. Once you crack the housing open, make the mic element hole larger and take off a thin film off the element, it works great.
It works great and was easy to set up. The only problem is that the volume button came a little broken. It is still on there and works, it just sticks out like it shouldn't. I had bought three and I'm hoping the others are not like this because I have them as gifts.
It was smaller than I expected and the top was really hard to open, as it should be I guess, but it is very cute and the perfect resting place for my buddha cat.
I loved the wallet. Only drawback is that bills must be folded and make the wallet thicker.
Too many options out there so I took a chance on this one for my dad. He used it and got a good year out of it before it started to come apart. He told me to order the exact same one after seeing the price dropped a little. The stand is a huge plus
Bought this case for my wife, out of the box the quality was awesome. It fits like a glove, and looks very good. The case offers great protection for the phone, and the bezel really protects the front glass. HOWEVER, the painted part is very prone to wearing or scratching off. So with light bumps it shows some wear. That's my only complaint. Still a great case.
I like the ease of fitting the whole watch in charge as opposed to removing tracker and placing it in the separate dock.
I work in IT and i have built computers and repaired all kinds of devices. Just take it to a store and have it done. It was a terrible experience to replace although it works well and is much better than the old battery the experience was awful. The tools are decent not a super tight fit for the hex screws and the plastic tool is a joke for a tight fitting IPhone. I ended up using an razor blade to get it open. Basically save yourself the hassle but the battery does work well so it give it 4 stars due to the tools not being perfect.
I like these bands! Colors are bright and vibrant. My only gripe is the two holders for the excess band slide too easy.
Lovely wooden cover. Well made and very slim. Fits my iPhone 8 Plus well. Would have liked it a bit more snug though. There's no raised lip on the front to protect the screen so having a full glass screen protector is highly recommended.
Very cool usb cable to look at. Don't expect to see it light up in the daytime. Only problem I have is the micro usb universal fitting will start to loosen which means you could drive for a half an hour grab your phone and its not charged because the fitting wasn't all the way connected
Just as shown. This is a really handy phone case.
I bought this for my husband to use in his recliner. He likes its generous size and comfortable, soft textures. He only wishes it was a little thicker, ie heavier. He is quite cold natured. But it is a nice, high quality throw and I would recommend it. The neutral color is very nice and the Sherpa lining feels luxurious!
Loved over all, but just noticed it kind of blurs when the light is on for photos or videos because it picks up an edge of the case. I don't use flash often so didn't even notice it the first month I used it. I just slipped it off for the video I wanted.
This was a great purchase at a very good price
Despite the negative and conflicting reviews that stated the case would not fit the XS, I decided to purchase anyway. I'm not sure why all the hate. While yes, the camera bump is not perfectly centered, its damn near close. Additionally, with the XS vs. X, the bottom speaker grill doesn't contain as many perforations and thus the case extends over unnecessarily. But...who.gives.an.S! Neither of these facts in any way leave the phone exposed to damage that would be otherwise remediated by redesigning the case to "fit the XS" specifically. I read one reviewer state they recommend waiting until Spigen redesigns for the XS. Why? What a waste of resources and time. I only wrote this review because of all the trolling against this fitting an XS and I can confirm, without a doubt, that's just not the case (pun intended). Cheers everyone!
I love the case my only issue is that the plastic part of my case where the volume buttons go was already broken when I received my case. Other than that I love my case
The buttons are accessible and easy to use. The case is sturdy and durable.
It worked well for my long airline flights, I just wish the cord was a bit longer.
It's a great product if you like to go to pool parties and like to swim a lot. The sound quality could be better but when you put your ipod under the water the water amplifies the sound. The charging and sound dock area could be better with how it's made.
They do fit the phone just that they are a little thin
Cracked withen a few days of use but did not damage the phone just a few things I did not like about it but it did work
Suction cup works great. Holder would be fine, I guess, if you didn't have a case. With a case, it is too thick to hold. Jury rigged with holder from another model.
As described.... Swapped out the guts and good to go. I also swapped the key versus getting it cut. You can take out the screw under the VW emblem to do this. Just be careful of the spring when you do. It's easy if you have any mechanical ability.
The camera was installed wirelessly with transmitter and receiver. The technician who made the installation diagnosed as the camera was bad when image was not displayed. I purchased another camera and when it is installed he figured out the fault was on the receiver. Finally, I end up returning the newly purchased camera and still using the existing. This camera has a good design and a very good image for its price. It is recommended for anyone in need. I finally appreciate the prompt response and close follow up of the suppliers.
I had troubles with the cable as it broke after 4 weeks, luckily the companies customer support helped fix my issue with it!
The description and manual say that you can install this inside the cover. it works but the magnet is not strong to keep the phone intact for a long drive
This is a great case. I love that they had a few different designs to choose from and most of all I love that the bumpers are substantial. I even bought a hard shell case that is pretty sturdy but its bumpers are not even as good as this one. It also is pretty thin everywhere else so it easily fits into my pocket. Great Case for my Galaxy 7 Edge!
After a while they won't keep their adjustment around the head. Good sound and the battery lasts enough for what I use it.
The charger clip broke after little use. I contacted the company for replacement and they never sent it. Major inconvenience to go without a charged watch.
While I love the Supernatural design, it is already showing wear on the edges. The case itself protected my phone from several drops. I wish the magnet were stronger. When CC's are added to the slots, it can come open easier.
The button doesn't pop out just turns in circles other than that I love the case !
Great case but clip breaks easily
I really like this band, it's fit and the clasp is easy to use. I was able to reduce the size of the links very easily with the kit that comes with the band. My only problem is how the color came off almost as soon as I started wearing it. I like this band and don't want to wear a plastic one.
Helps protect against mositure
The Tempered Glass Screen Protector came with everything needed to install on the iPhone. The directions were easy to follow. The glass protector looks so much nicer than those old plastic ones. It certainly does not take away from the looks of the phone.
I got this for my daughters cell phone and my youngest likes to toss EVERYTHING! So far it's 2 yr old proof! If she can give it a toss across the room and not so much as a scratch I approve! Thanks!!
Purchased for my Uncle's new phone, and he is very pleased with. Said it was very sturdy.
I really like the sound and functionality of the earbuds. I am a hard use guy when it comes to earbuds. I like these for the price. They arrive quickly. I just wish I could find an indestructible pair. Lol
Perfect fit. You pay for what you get. Not the best but ok.
Good case for the money
Great headphones. The ear buds were ok. Sound was really great. Had Beats and they are definitely comparable.
Case is thinker then the phone
Good product pretty loud considering I can hear it over most road noise. The only issue is when you get back around it, it doesn't automatically connect unless you don't want it to. When I get in the car I have to turn it off and on again to reconnect. But if I'm walking near a window in a store on the phone the darn thing picks up and switches my call to my dang car. I've hung up on people due to this. I think it's funny now and double check to see if the jealous car needed to be in on the call before I just hang up.
Great until the battery started expanding and made the camera deformed. I'm now scared if it will blow up. Update: the manufacturer reached out to offer me a refurbished one, my refurbished one looked like someone had just returned it haha but it works great so I'm not going to complain! Thanks for offering a solution!
After 3 years on old batteries it was Time for new one. Last a good amount of time. The LG G3 is just a pig on battery power So no battery last all day. I did notice it is a bit slower on recharge time. I would buy again if I want to get second battery.
I liked the easy of installation and that it came highly recommended by family members.
A little hard to figure out how to work it but other than that its a good buy.
Good product. Should have come with a screen protector too.
Earbuds NEVER stay in my ears during workouts and sweating, but these are the best I've tried. They stay in unless I'm doing something super vigorous and sound great.
Great little charger that works just fine with a S8+. Compared to the ones sold by the phone stores it works great and the same but nowhere near the price. Shipping takes awhile as it comes from China but for the price it's worth the wait.
A bit darker of a pink than expected but still a good case
Sure there are higher quality speakers out there. Along with that comes a higher price point. Then you ask yourself..."Are they really better or am I just paying for the name"... My ears do not know if Pyle or any other brand is producing the sound. These Pyle speakers are working just fine as an upgrade from stock in my Ford Flex....and were inexpensive. what more can one ask for..
Likes: so far I love mostly everything about it Dislikes: it should come with more adapters to hold the Bluetooth receiver, because i cant turn on the air and speak. I know i can lay the receiver down.
Works great just at random times skips thru songs a lil bit when first connected. It would do this with lg g6 and note 5. I have bought 2 all ready and more people are buying them.
Is or has anyone else had trouble with the sos feature. I have added the 3 numbers to the watch, but it only calls the first number, but not the others.
Nice case but it seems a little 'loose' although the phone has stayed in it so far.
The only thing that is not good is where the paddle is u can not switch from vibrate to ring without opening up that's a issue for me
It has been a while since I received the package, but it was too busy to open the package until now, overall it was good.
Fits well. Seems like good quality but not true silicone. It's a dust/lint magnet to the max.
Perfect length. Flexible, looks great, and the right price. Wish there was a package of multiple cords of the same length.
Kind of looks weird but works fine!
This has worked great with the usb c power having power delivery. I charged an s8, pixel 2 and a switch all with fast charging. The other ports give you great flexibility as to what you can plug in. Beware it does not support TV with the Nintendo switch dock.
So far a quality product. It came with everything needed to swap the battery and they were not cheap tools either. Well worth it.
Seems like a sturdy protector but also cuts the sides of the iPhone 7 screen off. Not a huge deal but definitely a smaller screen size.
Amazon wouldn't let just rate it without a stupid review
The case comes with cuteness as I can see in the pictures and it's fit my iphone 8 so well. Unfortunately, the case is not cover my iphone front side because I used glass protector. And the case is too slip so I've to be careful when used, it might be perfect if it have a hole that I can tie the hand strap to prevent it
The most important thing is that the camera actually works, and the WiFi signal is strong enough to make it inside the vehicle through the tailgate. My license plate mount is on my bumper, so it is not practical for me to get the antenna inside the vehicle. The plastic construction is very flimsy, and the camera was mounted slightly askew on it, resulting in a slightly tilted image. Not enough to bother me. Image quality and angle of view are OK. Enough to get the job done, but far from top of the line. The camera I received has no IR LEDs for night vision, but the light my backup lights emit is enough to maneuver in reverse in the dark. I have lost the WiFi signal a couple of times in the middle of driving, but I figured that might be a possibility since I can't get the antenna inside the cabin. Be very careful how tight you screw it in place because you can easily bust the plastic mount if you tighten too much.
This is my second case. The first case lasted almost 1,5 years. Back then, i got it to protect my phone from my toddlers and just generally to have peace of mind in case of a fall. Also, a fellow mom recommended it lol. I only replaced it because the plastic screen of the previous one shattered (bottom left corner) after my phone landed face down on the asphalt from shopping-cart-height. If it hadn't been for the case my screen would be damaged now. I did notice that this case is slightly lighter than my old one from a year ago and that the design has changed to include more protection over the camera in the back. Takeaway: If you're looking for a phone case that actually protects and aren't bothered by its rather bulky looks ( I get asked about my phone a lot), this is it! Especially for the price!!
Great product the case is slim not to bulky has nice texture and feels legit buttons feel great also.
Perfect size. Takes great pictures. Beautiful resolution. And packed with features
Just received the case and stand works well and case fits well. Time will tell about durability but so far so good!
It would be great if it had GPS and Wifi and had a way to mount it to the dash I have a mount there is no way to mount it if you have a camera let me know, its not good to hang stuff on the windshield for safety.
Rugged, holds all my cards,good wallet.
I was able to get 4 cards without raised letters/numbers to fit. They're fairly hard to get out, but not frustratingly so.
Not full glue so you'll get some bubbles..
Looks good, feels great in the hand. Excellent protection.
I dropped my phone multiple times now and the case seems to hold up.
It does the job and it's cute. The only setbacks is the color fades and when you do drop you phone and you will sometimes the case breaks open
A basic case, I'd like it a bit thinner but it's good. My phone pops out easily enough so I can put it in a waterproof bag when working out in the pool.
Still come out of the ear canal when running , They're still good to use. Arrived as described with lightening fast delivery.
I like it, but would love it if it had a louder beep.
Great quality and nice design!
Currently there are not many options for accessories for this Samsung tablet. The case technically does what it says. Ultra this means not very sturdy however. Side note, can still fit in the tablet holder with this on. Hoping to find a hybrid case for better protection.
Super durable on the outside while still being light. Soft on the inside with enough room to put stuff you want on your person, but not in your hands. One star off because I don't feel comfortable putting the AC adapter in the pocket: even with the cartridge pages in between it and the console I worry about putting too much pressure on the screen.
Must make sure using the right charger thought was issue with battery until I switched chargers and has worked good since
Holds the phone well but moves quite a bit in the vent
I used these to create a charging station for student phones. I love that they have multiple ports but I hate that they are bulky (although there is no way around it). I was only able to get 3-4 on a standard surge protector, but I'm happy with the product. I have not tested their strength yet.
I did not use this item. It did not work for me.
Just got this phone. It's stuck in 3G and obviously I'm in the US. We don't use European plugs or Asian country plugs. Otherwise I would give it 5 stars awesome phone and awesome storage.
My oldest daughter loves this case. However at the ladt minute she decided to upgrade to IPhone 7 instead of 6Plus. I was going to return for exchange but due to return shipping cost I am going to put up for my teenage daughters birthday (I already purchased her 6 Plus).
It's very cute and you don't need to buy a screen protector with this! That was my biggest concern but nope it protects the screen as well!
It's awesome! Only thing is pop sockets do not stick to it. I tried three of them
Product works as described. Great adhesion. 4 stars because the colors do not “POP” as much as they do in the photo. I was expecting the butterflies to be brighter & more iridescent.
Great color. Easy to use. Thin and durable. Excellent product for the low price! I Will absolutely get another one. I just dont think I'll need it for a while!
These are a nice inexpensive alternative to those $40 cases from the phone store. Rated the same as my more expensive cover and looks just as nice.
Like the protection. Didn't like the screen protector. Broke when I was putting it on, I should've put it on before I put on the case. Case is a bit hard to put on but worth the protection!
I just got a battery for this phone, which made it like new again. Like LG products, but battery borderline when I got it. Now the phone works great.
Fast shipping easy to install
Have not used the holster, but phone fits snugly and holster 'looks good'.
These work fine. They are not fast by any means but they get the job done. I have noticed however that they get very hot and so does the plug block. I have tried these cables with several different blocks and they got very warm.
Overall liked the product. As stated in other reviews, easy to remove and must remove to charge. Pros: feel like watch is protected, easy to remove, clear so watch color still visible. Cons: must remove for activities in the water or water gets under and reduces vision and touch screen capability. Inside scratched when drying, and is now visible on the screen. When removed can be hard to find due to clear color.
Case is fine but temper class protector that came with it was broken.
a little bulky but great sound
A little grainy, but clear enough.
This case is very light but completely protective of the phone. All of the openings built into the case allow full access to all the phone's features.
Shipped promptly. Giving as a gift in December so will update after they have used them a while!
Definitely could of fit a little better. Thin but I knew that when I ordered it. I like the case a lot. Cool that I came with a magnet. Phone lanyard hello kitty thing is a mystery to me.
I'm giving it 4 stars only because it will not let me put Fahrenheit instead of Celsius and the band can be a little tricky to adjust it. Overall the quality of the watch seems to be a very nice and looks very expensive. It seems to be pretty accurate on blood pressure and heart rate and this was the reason for my purchase. It's well worth the money and seems like a very high end watch.
I got robbed a couple of weeks ago so when I got a new phone I wanted one with the ring on it or something that could give me a better handle on the phone (or at least keep someone from taking it out of my hands). This has been great so far! It didn't come with stains, I did those but they do wash off easily. I only gave it four stars because as you can see in the photos the strap has started to split where it hold the magnets in place. Nothing some super glue can't fix but stinks that it's already falling apart and it's just been about a week and a half that I've had this case. It's also VERY sturdy!
This is a nice compact machine that seals extremely well and is easy to use. It has settings for moist or wet food, high or low pressure, and one for canisters or vacuum bags. Important for me, and unlike my brand-new, nearly useless FoodSaver, it has the vacuum fitting and tubing needed for a mason jar sealing attachment. I love this machine but it does not have a removable tray to catch liquid from moist food and it's hard to clean. Even so, this is my third vacuum sealer and the best by far. I can live with the cleaning problem.
I love the style and function of this particular charger because it allows watch to run in Nightstand Mode. The price is just slightly more than I would have liked to pay for a charger being that I must provide my own watch charger; a wireless charger for the phone can be had for about $10 in some places. I think the rest is paying for function and I went for it this time. I am happy with the item for being a good and relatively affordable design.
A simple metal-stamped product. There is not much to it, but it serves its purpose 100%.
UPDATE: The manufacturer reached out to make things right. They apologized, confirmed it was a manufacturing defect and that both my original order and the replacement sent by Amazon were from the same defective batch. A new pair was sent to me and it has lasted longer than the first two pairs, the power button still works so far. Bad batch aside, they're pretty good headphones. Comfortable ear cups, good battery life, good bluetooth signal distance, easy to connect. Sound quality is good for the price. They don't fold up at all and they're pretty bulky, so if you travel a lot that might bother you, but I use them at home in my studio and never take them anywhere so I don't mind. ORIGINAL REVIEW: I had my first pair for less than two weeks before they stopped working. I had used them while working at my desk and they were adequate; comfortable, decent sound quality, moderately good battery life. I turned them off at the end of the day, laid them down as usual. The next morning, when I tried to turn them on, the power button just didn't work. The volume buttons seemed normal, still having the click sensation and sound when they were pressed, but the power button just wiggled in its socket and didn't make a click at all. I feel like it's important to reiterate here, it's not like these were jammed in a backpack, or had something heavy laying on top of them. There is no more gentle existence than what these headphones had, and the most important button just crapped out for no apparent reason. So I requested an exchange, had a new pair sent to me, and the EXACT SAME THING HAPPENED. AGAIN. This has to be a manufacturing defect.
good case, it is slim and thin.
The first one of these I purchased a little less than a year ago was the gold one. Sound was awesome! You can swivel the earpiece part for additional comfort, yet it stays in place well (doesn't become loose). So comfortable you forget you're wearing it, so with that said, I did drop it several times on concrete (I'm a professional dog trainer, so there were times I forgot I had not taken it off and put it in my console). This probably explained the inevitable losing the pair connection to my phone and cutting in and out on calls. So, I recently ordered the grey one, assuming the only difference would be the color. This is not the only difference: The ear part does not rotate like the gold one and the sound quality is not quite as good. For most users, however, these two differences may not matter at all or even be noticeable to the average consumer. They matter a lot to me! I have sensitive hearing, so quality of sound and comfort are among my top priorities. As a huge music fan, I want top notch sound and quality, maximum comfort and reliability. I have only had the grey one for a couple of weeks and I'm returning it. Not as comfortable, music is not critically true to tone AND...it is starting to cut out. Two days ago, while driving to a client's on a toll road and talking to a friend, I was straining to hear her. I've already reordered another gold one and added the warranty option. If you're an avid music listener, can tell between the most subtle tone differences and quality/volume is your priority as well... select the gold one. If you are an average user who just wants this for conversations, comfort and GPS nav, you should be very happy with either.
**Update** I still love the case. I have dropped the phone and it landed face down and the screen did not crack (anymore...I already have a broken screen in the lower right). The ONLY downside is just like all the other reviewers my screen did scratch VERY EASILY...It's not a deal breaker -- yes I wish it wasn't the case but it still protects my phone like it's supposed. **Original** Got the case on Saturday have been using it since...was easy to put on and the screen still responds as if there was no cover. I can use the lock button and volume button fine the covers on the headphone jack and charger port line up and allow me to use both.
Love the ring on the back. A little flimsy around the volume buttons though. Overall very nice.
Works as described, although the fit is slightly small.
Nice tough little band. Easy to install on watch. The band does not bind in any way on my wrist. I have a decent amount of hair and other bands would pinch and pull. Not this one
Sound quality is good. I have been told that when using the phone its a little difficult to hear my voice by the person I'm calling. Works as described though and they recharge quickly and hold the charge for a good period of time. I would recommend.
So far so good. This case is sturdy and protects against dropping. I have dropped my phone on the kitchen floor a few times and this has definitely done the trick. The only issue is that I have had the case for a few weeks and it is already showing some dirt on the side...other than that, it does the trick.
I was extremely excited for this to arrive in the mail so I could start using it right away. I have used it every day since it arrived and I absolutely love it! Many of my friends have commented on how good the speaker sounds. The only reason I gave it a 4 and not a 5 is because the bass usually takes over and drowns out a lot of the higher dynamics happening in a song. That's just a small nit-picky music snob thing though. This speaker is definitely worth it for the price!
I wish they would make this more compatible with friction clamp mounts too. Not everyone wants to double-stick tape their cameras to their windscreen.
everything about this battery is great. it even comes with a little carrying bag. mine didn't come with the USB-C cord though, only a micro USB.
I love it but i need to buy a screen protector now since the one provided doesn't work well
I've read the reviews complaining about the adhesive. I have pulled, tugged, made throwing motions while holding it (above a cushion so if my phone fell out, it'd be safe), and it has held steady. Looks cool as heck. My only complaint is the pointy edges on the ring itself doesn't feel the most comfortable and won't allow it to be used as a vertical kickstand, only as a horizontal one.
Nice plastic but not like the original So far do it job
My Galaxy S9 fitted perfectly in the holder. It stuck well to my dash.
Fits good looks good works on the wireless pad. Happy with it
The case is pretty good. It was a good value.
Great battery pack for outdoor. Last long and very durable.
I like everything, but the magnet could be a little stronger. Well made and awesome price.
The splice knob is a little bulky, but good wrist straps otherwise.
Initial case broke, great warranty it was replaced, but iPhone broke after that so I never really got a chance to try it out. Warranty was awesome!
The fingerprint unlock needs to be removed from the description of this item because its not working with the instructions that came with the phone.
We bought this for a gift.
I am in the middle on everything...really love all the storage capacity.
All was ok...up to the moment I found a better one at a cheaper price.
Charges up my s8 and my husbands s9. Only gave 1 star for sound quality because it is just a charger and doesn't have sound.
Nice and protects my phone really well. However I like to keep my phone in my jeans back pocket so it definitely faded a lot and turned blue from my jeans.
These drives seem to work great and they arrived quicker than anticipated.
The charger works great so far, just bigger and heavier than expected.
The case fits perfectly, and the baby pink color is true to the photos. I also like that it provides a lip around the screen to protect the phone when it's facedown on a surface. The only thing I do not like is that it makes the phone appear a bit larger (probably for added drop protection), but my husband purchased a Spigen case for his X and it's a nice slim-fitting case. I'm happy with this case overall.
The quality is really good & I've been very happy with them for the most part. We've had them several months and of the 4 cables, 3 still work. 1 of the cables, the 6' cable that I keep in my car, has stopped working, intermittently. So, basically what happens (and I've had the same issue on 2 different iPhone 6S phones) is that I'll plug it in and it will not charge. Then I'll disconnect and reconnect and if I do that a few times then sometimes it will finally start to charge. Sometimes I can't get it to work. Not sure what's going on with that one, but the other 3 work well. If anyone from the company is reading this and could contact me, I'd love to get a replacement on that 1 faulty cable. Thanks!
Definitely a bang for the buck. Works reliable, small when folded. Built pretty solid, much better than my previous one, bought for $15. I wouldn't mind to have it a couple of inches longer. Other than that very happy.
I was a little disappointed as I thought I was ordering a glass protector. It is plastic not glass. I have used glass protectors in the past that are glass. You do loose a little sensitivity using plastic. I have not used it long enough to attest to durability. Picture quality seems to be ok.
I like this case. I got the lavender and the color is nice. The cover is also soft and not cheap feeling. I like that there is a pocket on the inside and slots for cards. I have a Samsung 7 Edge and the case fits fine. The strap that comes with the case is not very strong and it's thin. I scared to totally rely on it to hold my phone on my wrist. The magnetic closure could be a little strong. I do like the case and it's good for the value.
Product was great, easy to install takes a little getting used to using the bezel but doesn't interfere much. Only reason I gave it 4 stars was color. Color is more of a purple-ish blue than blue but overall awesome product
I like the headphones. Noise cancellation is not great but ok. Sound quality is good. The set is comfortable.
Very loose after Install
I got this case to replace my previous case that I've had since I got the phone and the case and the belt clip seem fine, I did have a little bit of an issue trying to open the case to put the phone in but the instructions cure that up quickly. The only thing that I don't like is the plastic screen protector. It's not flush to my screen and there's a gap about as thick as a dime toward the middle of my screen which makes me have to actually press down to get anything to register, which makes trying to type quickly quite a hassle. I would suggest getting a different protector if you type stuff out a lot on your phone like I do.
Edit:. They sent me a new set which is lasting so far. I will update here if there are any issues. Old Review: These fall apart only after a few uses. The cable itself starts to come unraveled and the metal connector part came apart
perfect case to carry phone when you don't want to carry a purse.. My only wish was for the flap to turn off screen when I close the flap...otherwise the fit is great!!
It did not meet my expectations but I did however receive a great customer support experience therefore I'm giving it 4 stars.
Great product but sometimes it disconnects randomly.
Cords could be a few inches longer for me.
Thought it would come with a rugged battery pack like the one in the picture but it a regular. Power pack ... Kinda scared to drop it... But other then that only complaint is the camera lag. But as far as ruggedness it seem to be durable Enough
This cover is great..Its clear and thus doesnot hide my s9+ design..Also,the extra protection around the corners are added bonus and protects the phone.
Very light and compact. Fits all of my items perfectly and the battery/charging ports are working great so far! I have a little bit thicker of a case, so I was worried that it wouldn't work, but it does! Th only thing I don't like about this style is in order to charge the watch you have to close the band around the base. I wish I could just place my band on top like the phone
I really like this earpiece. It was easy to sync, comfortable and has great sound quality. The volume was a bit awkward to use. That's the only thing I wish was different. But a great purchase overall and would recommend this headset.
After awhile the phone will slide up and down in it plus if you snap one of the small plastic clips its done for
Nice case. Slides right into my pocket.
Fits good but seems to break easily if you aren't careful with your phone.
I bought this over a year ago. Installation was easy. It got chipped on the bottom right and just above the camera hole even though I have a Magpul case on it which prevents the face from touching a surface when face down. I can't figure out how it happened. It still functions though but I did have to brush the slivers off carefully. My guess is that the edges aren't as rounded as advertised. It's still not a bad price for what it is.
I almost thought it was broken at the top but it just snaps on top once you put the phone in it. I got red and plan on getting some of the other colors too
As described. Fast service.
Great case but cartridge slots are tough to get the games in due to tight tolerances
This product offers basic protection to the phone. I own a Pixel 3a and I wanted a case bumper to use at home alternatively to my rugged case. This case bumper does the job. It protects corners as well as screen. The corners are raised. Therefore, when placed on a flat surface, the body of the phone s raised, which avoids scratches. The bumper case has openings all around it to fit a great variety of phones. Overall I find this to be a good product.
The Soundcore Spirit Sports are very well built and the magnets are very strong and have no problem staying on my neck. They are pretty comfortable to wear and stay in my ears pretty well. However, other issues kind of put me off the experience of using them. Sound Quality is decent, it sounds OK but in my ears, they don't sound that much different from the Soundbuds Slim. Battery life was OK, the stand-by time for me wasn't great because even when I don't listen to music that much on a day, I would still have to charge these by the end of the night. Then there is the issue of calls lagging when moving a few feet away from my phone. It's kind of annoying to just a bit from my phone only to find that the other person is hearing me lag in the call. The mic is also at a pretty low volume when I talk to people. Also another problem is watching videos and listening to music. For some reason, if I start listening to anything when the buds are coming from a state of not playing anything, sound will not play at full volume at first but instead, gradually gain volume until they reach the volume that it was set to last. I never had earbuds do that to me and I found that weird when I first experienced it. So overall, the buds are built well and are very comfortable, but sound quality is a bit lackluster considering I spent more money for these than the Soundbuds slim. The other issues definitely does not help as the lag in calls and the gradually gain when I start listening to anything add to the annoyance of using these. These buds are built well and the magnets are great, but the other issues are what make these earbuds harder to use for me. Update: Anker's customer support is one of the best in the business. I contacted support after they messaged me to reach out to them after my review and they decided to send me their upgraded version the Soundcore Spirit Pros. After using these for about a week, they fix every issue that I was having and on top of that, they sound a lot better and fit in my ears a lot better than the Spirit Sports. I added a star for their efforts in making me happy and if you buy any Anker product, you are assured to get amazing support for your product.
A nice tool in the event you don't want to use your bluetooth from your phone that does directly through to the car. This is a nice work around for whatever reason. Very easy to use, but the sound quality is sometimes not at its best as if it were coming from a radio signal.
I love the fit and I can add a sticker to the back of my new iPhone and still see it thought the case! Im only giving it 4 stars because i don't know if it will work with wireless charging. will update accordingly....
I bought this case for thee i phone 11. Its so pretty, it does cover 360 degrees the only thing i did'nt like too much was the screen protector that's attached. Its plastic but its not hard/durable like the normal screen protectors. Other than that i love the case!!!
Really pretty color and nice and thin. My only issue is that the bottom of the case is starting to tear. Would order again though.
Pretty case. The lip is too flush to protect the screen but overall a nice case
good product easy to install but you have to remove it to charge the watch
This was better than anticipated. Got a new phone and really didn't want to give up my cover but different sizes and had no choice. Actually purchased two others and the did not look or feel like they would withstand the first drop. They probably would have but they just didn't feel right. This one actually had a good trip and the pattern seemed better in person. This may sound like a roundabout endorsement but it actually is a sturdy and attractive cover.
Works good but a little hard to get it centered exactly over the lens.
Had to do some fabrication but it works. Not perfect or really flush but it gets the job done. You get what you pay for!
arrived and fits good
I like the clear front and back; you do have to use a towel or some kind of cloth to prevent fingerprint smudging when putting the phone in the case. The fingerprint sensor only works with the clear circle that came in the packaging if not applied it will not read your print if the camera area is dirty it will show on the picture, I clean it before taking any otherwise I am very happy with this case it is a little slow sometimes to respond on the censor but for 25 dollars I can live with that
Phone is good, and camera is really good.
A lil tricky to get on right. If you get it off center any its hard to get it to move if it has touched at all. Other than that it works great.
Camera works great, I bought this as a protective measure. I commute daily for 3 hours and continuously avoid dumb drivers, I have heard several of my friends say that they were blamed for accidents that they didn't commit so I thought id protect myself. The camera turns on as soon as the car turns on and turn off the same way. The video quality is great and the looping feature make it ideal for longer commutes.
Has a few glitches went by refurbished again
Still got bubbles after following all the directions.
Purchased this so I could fast-charge an iPhone X. It does an excellent job and seems to be well-built. I like the fact that it can also be used with the larger USB plugs (2 outlets), however the adapter for the 2 outlets fills the USB-C outlet. Therefore, you can use it only for the 2 standard outlets OR with the one USB-C. I would prefer a handier way than through the use of this separate adapter; it's just another part to keep up with and possibly lose. For that reason I gave only 4 stars instead of 5. But it does its intended job--the fast charge on the X is definitely fast and does the job at a significantly lower cost than the factory fast-charger.
Has been durable and shows no signs of wear
I loved my case,it was everything I Expected it to be.
Bought it to show support for a great cause.
As expected. Not much protection with this minimal case. I would say it's not the best choice for a $950 phone. But if that's what you want, go for it. Fits well. Get what you pay for.
Works decent. Not the easiest to select the different features
Seems to be working good so far. Had it two weeks and it looks like everything is back to normal with my phone (iphone 6) My only complaint was that it did not come with all the tools that where in the picture. this was not to much of a problem because i had everything i needed to get the job done. The hardest part is getting the old battery out from the factory adhesive. I ended up bending the old battery pretty bad and tearing the protective cover trying to get it out. Luckily for me the batter did not leak or explode!
performs as stated good product
I returned this product, I ordered it in error.
A bit difficult to plug into my Motorola phone but works great otherwise.
These charger cables work just fine for my iphone. I like that there are a wide variety of colors to choose from on Amazon. The charger cables are long enough for my needs. With 3 in a pack I always have backup when one wears out or to use in different rooms of my home.
Covers all I needed it to do
everything is just fine except for tear in the clear plastic
This replacement battery has the same specs as the original and is performing like the original when it was new. So far so good. Seems to be a good value.
It held up well but the pair chipped a little.
I PURCHASED THIS BECAUSE OF CONCERN OVER WAKING UP AND FEELING TIRED. NOW IT HAS AWAKENED ME TO ALL THE THINGS I NEED TO DO TO FEEL BETTER, AND WEARING THIS KEEPS TRACK OF THE AREAS THAT NEED MORE WORK
Love the design and style. I have a small wrist so band has to be adjustable to get a good read on the health and activity of the watch. Very stylish, prefer something feminine and classy to wear to work!
Had a little trouble detaching the case to put on my phone. But it is good
Wanted a dual layer case but can't afford another Otterbox to replace one that just cracked. This looks nearly identical in material and cut outs to my old case. Installed easily. Pretty colors. The cover over the charge port did tear off but to be honest I open it all the time and don't miss it anyway.
great for watching tutorial videos while doing my work on my Mate 9
Case it self is awesome,screen protector didn't stick &came off in a week.
very convenient! worked wonderfully in most all cars I tried, and I have an iphone 6plus. So far, I have not been able to successfully use it in a 2007 honda crv.
Works great, keep it on my desk at work. Very convenient.
Awesome charger. Used it on a missions trip to Mexico with spotty access to power. I was the only one in the group who consistently had a charge on their phone. Only hiccup was that when the charger got hot, the output would drop way off to basically nothing. Let it cool off in the shade and it was fine again.
When i first received my lens and case, the case did not work. I contacted Amazon to let them know that the bluetooth shutter button did not work. Amazon was very helpful in giving me a replacement. When i received it and was able to use the lens and case, i was very pleased. This lens really does make a difference in the photo quality. Moment cases and lens, are a great product and fits as desired. The case looks great and fits well in your pocket while traveling. I would recommend this case and lens.
Definitely beyond my expectations. The case is still a lower quality product in itself but for the money I cannot complain! Thank you!
This product is great! It looks stylish and sleek and it holds up really well!
Pretty good case I did like that it covered my entire watch but putting on the red trim was a pain in the butt to put on and remove. You do get another trim so you get a second chance great product use it every day
Great customer service!
im coming from using over the head Beats by Dre. these def don't compare but they fit amazing in the ear, other headphones always fall out thats why i got over the head ones originally. no issues with these. EXTREME noise cancelling. Sounds decent. Bass isnt as great as id like.
Don't have any problem seems to work well
i like running very much.i attend a team.they always run.so i think i can recommend this for then.i like this Running Armband very much. Product was exactly what I expected, and was packed well.
Didn't like the fact that the glitter is paper, but over all a decent case for the price.
Great product for the price. Long lasting charge, worked good when mowing nd on the treadmill.
This screen protector works as advertised. It looks durable and well made to protect my device screen. Very easy to install
Mic that clips on the shirt gives me fits every now and again but I found the sweet spot that works and for $24 I'm not too worried.
I searched for a set up headphones for a long time and then I saw a YouTube video about these. The price point was the thing that got me first then I received them and was astounded by the sound quality. The only issue for me is that I think the ear cups could be a little bigger because extended wear causes me a little discomfort. I simply pull one ear off for a little bit. The battery life is incredible! It lasts for days with me listening to them on and for hours at a time. I would definitely purchase these again if I ever need to. You will be happy if you pull the trigger with your purchase. Oh and I forgot...your ears will get a little warm while wearing them because of the material.
Great little basic phone holder for my car since AZ just passed a hands-free law. Suction is great. Only reason I gave 4 stars is the directions to put it together are pretty unreadable. I figured it out myself. Good product for few $$$$.
Great phone works perfect. It was a gift to my older brother who is going blind and he says he can change settings and see it perfectly. The only issue is battery life but I think that's an issue on most phones.
works great! definitely water proof.only down side is people always have trouble hearing me when I talk on the phone. They say it sounds like i am in a wind tunnel
Finally I found an armband that fits my phone while the otter box case is on but... I have really thin arms and this product fit my arm but took up literally my whole arm. Granted that's probably my bad for being a petite lady and owning an iPhone plus phone lol...
May need to use koozie if you have large cup holders. I did.
It works for my daughter. Good stuff it really helps with her depression. But it makes her lazy.
The case look realistic but the material is coming apart on the side from opening and closing it.
I love the case so much. it's elegant and protective. i've been using it for several months and its clear color doesn't turn to be yellow color like other brands. recommended.
The only issue is the power key, it isn't distinguished from the other buttons so I have a hard time determining when my finger is on it or the volume button. Even worse when I am trying to take a screenshot. Other than that, the case is wonderful. The quality is good and durable. Nice feel. The stand is perfect and works well from either direction
Love the look and feel the only problem is when using flash on your pics it makes the picture come out wite luckly s9 dont need flash most of the time
Refurbished iPhone 6S, an original iPhone, but used and an older model thus the reduced price. Was unaware of the issue with battery problems with the original iPhone 6 and 6S. Battery life is bad it needs to be replaced. Adds an extra $50 to one's overall price. Still a good value at that price.
Bought two, one for the car and our truck. Both Fords, the car a 2012 and the truck a 2007. Took less than 1/2 hour to set up works as advertised. Good manual and it even came with a trim tool as promised. Nice form factor. It doesn't stick down into your line of site. Pros, As mentioned easy set up and works fine. NIce optics and the app is really good. It's easy to view and pull down videos to your phone. Cons, The aforementioned copy to your phone takes a long time. I recommend taking the Micro SD card out and copying them off with a reader to a laptop. Glare. At night the angle the camera screen sits at on the windshield reflects the instrument panels lights back at the driver. I'll have to get some stick on anti-glare for both cameras. Auto Shut off, The camera in the car turns off when I shut off the car...after about 30 minutes. The truck not so much. After shutting it off the camera chugs along all night long taking video of the front of the garage. For the truck I'm going to hard wire it to a switched circuit in the fuse block. I've orderd the kit and I may do it for the car as well
Had problems with some of my cables so the seller reached out to me to help resolve the issue. I appreciate the prompt and helpful customer service! Would buy from them again!
I like this case, protects my ipad and its screen and looks really nice. However I tend to take my ipad to work etc and have noticed scratches in the shiny cover even from the start. Quality is good and would buy again as this is my second esr case for my ipad. If you want one that will not show scratches/nicks easily maybe don't pick the shiny metallic ones.
Sleek design, very light. Love it.
It was a gift for my fiance. She loved it.
Like the case for using as a landscaper... I do wish the front film did not have speaker cutouts but I put tape over them on the inside... Works well
the main reason I bought this was for the looks it looks great. one minor complaint was that the USB c plugin to the dock is hard to reach but that's not a big deal. the main disappointing factor is it will glitch charging every once and a while with my case on my cases back is less than 1/16 of an inch thick and it won't always charge through that
Works great!! My only complaint is within days there was tons of scratches. Fits perfect on my pop socket and great value.
Great sound when listening to music not so great when you are taking phone calls I can barely hear them at full volume and great costumer service some of the best customer service I have ever experienced
Great case.. Just wish the kickstand worked both directions. That would be my only complaint.
This is a great looking case that fits snugly around the edges of the Note 8. The deep sea blue matches the blue phone almost perfectly. Leaving 4 stars because the box arrived opened which I did not appreciate. The case does not appear to be used but when I make a purchase I like to know I am the first one to open the package!
looks nice, works well, easy to install
Easy to place on watch face
This was bought for my 19 yr old because he is always losing his ID and I love that this case has the compartment for ID and Credit card, impact resistant should keep him from break his phone again.. CON is that it could be a bit more durable in material where the card info slides in.
Like the Anker Powder Core 15000 Redux . Worked fine after I realized I had to buy an extra cord.
Easy to use alternative to hardwiring your dash cam for parking mode.
Over all good product. Like the metal brackets, minor fitting imperfections but overall looks pretty good. Won't make a difference to the untrained eye.
It's Here!!! Very excited, I've been watching, checking, YouTube reviews etc before making a purchase. So far, it does what I need it to do my concern was that it would hook up to my Kia connect in my car. Yeah, it does. Few disconnects here an there for the most part it's working. Problems getting setup with Boost mobile had to buy a Sprint sim card long story short it took a couple of hours to get up an running. Boost problem 3rd phone ordered unlocked different brands fully unlocked But Boost wasn't compatible. This phone was on their list of unlocked phones. I gave the rating of 4 across the board 1st reason missing the small wire that goes in the charging hole to add a headphone jack, 2nd battery doesn't make it through the day without having to charge. I told Amazon but their advice is to exchange I didn't want let it go especially because I've had 3 phones in the past 8 days that had to go back for not being compatible even though unlocked for cdma an gsm. Not big on taking pictures so camera for me I guess is ok. I must say I'm happy it works typing the review from the Essential PH1 I'd recommend this phone.
I'll start with the one improvement... wish the rubber holders were narrower on the front. It didn't dawn on me when I was researching phone mounts that this would obscure some of the screen on the iPhone X. For previous models and phones that contain a top and bottom bar/frame like the one pictured, it's not a big deal at all. It's inconvenient but since I don't play with my phone while driving, it's not a deal breaker. My main reason for buying this style was that it worked well with a folio case. I've had and tried several other styles and my case (UAG red folio for iPhone X) creates too much interference. With this mount it's no big deal at all. It has stayed in place since I first installed it months ago. I followed the instructions and made sure my dash was dust free prior to placement. Even with my occasional Formula One style driving, I've never lost a phone. Figure out a way to prevent so much of the iPhone X screen from being obscured and I'll give this five stars.
Purchased for my daughter. She loves it. I like that she can carry a few dollars in the credit card slot when we go out. The only reason for the 4 stars is that the notch in the slot could be slightly bigger. Would be easy for something to get stuck in there.
looks great. Fits fine. Makes a colicky noise but seems secure.
The braided nylon seems like it will hold up long-term and will be very durable. The product comes with a nice faux leather band that allows you to roll the cable up and snap together. I would have given this product 5 stars if it had not been for the fact that the connection from the cable to my phone seems to be a little touchy in one of the three cables. This cable will stop charging and then start charging again if the cable is bumped slightly. This is only the case for one of them, the rest were perfect. This is not a big deal, as long as it is not moved.
Very easy to pair up with my phone AND my computer. I've had more issues pairing with cars than I have ever had with these. They pair literally as soon as I turn them on. My only complaint is there is no power-saver or auto-off feature. I turn off the bluetooth on my phone and a few hours later, these will still be on.
Looks good but case is slippery
Use the earpiece at work. It works great!
bought this for my mom and she likes it a lot!
I have had the watch for a month now. I took off my Apple Watch and have been wearing this. I love the look of it, the replaceable bands, it seems so much more accurate for me as a runner, it does send me my texts and my phone calls (can't answer from the watch though like you could Apple Watch), and I usually charge 2 times a week. I don't like that it disconnects from my phone a little too often. I loved the pinging feature on my Apple Watch when I couldn't find my phone and this one has the feature too but always seems to be disconnected from my phone when I need to use it. Overall a good change though, I would recommend and will continue to use over my Apple Watch
The case feels solid and adds a little bulk to the phone, but it makes me feel a lot safer. I could probably drop my phone and be confident it won't break. Will update if durability is compromised. Ive had this case for a week and my only complaint is that it collects finger prints like crazy and isnt a smooth grip because of the grease. I don't usually have dirty hands and havent had an issue with previous cases, so I think it might be a feature of this case. Edit: little flecks of dirt got under the case, took off another star Edit: it's been a year since I've had this case. It does yellow and dirty through wear, but this is to be expected with clear cases. But I cant say enough about how STRONG this case is!! Im super prone to dropping my phone. Its been through some really sketchy falls time and time again, but this case really pulls through. 10/10 on durability. If i get a new phone I will look for the same case for the new model.
Bought for someone as a gift. They said they are pretty good for hands free calling, clear on both ends. Their only complaint was they wish the volume was higher for listening to music.
Recommend for sure 👌🏻 Nice decent sleek look..material is average (good for the price) finish is beautiful !! My wrist got marks of strap and buckle..thats little not-so-comfo but could be because its new now.
Not construction type durable, but very good for every day use
Expensive. Not very user friendly. Online manual doesn't match unit. Isn't great with construction or dead end streets. Navigates and voices well.
I had one on my old phone, so as soon as I bought a new phone I reordered one. Easy to apply and doesn't smudge. I recommend it highly
Very good quality lens would have rated 5 stars but they need a better way to differentiate between the exterior side and interior even a different color film would work.
It worked in a flip phone. I wish I could supply data about the lifetime but this will not happen. I bought two batteries as shipping one cost 1.5 times the cost of the battery but 2 batteries gave me free shipping. By the time these two have expired nobody will care about a review of an obsolete battery for a obsolete cell phone. I hope someday we will have some standards on batteries and get rid of custom sizes. At least its not a throw it away Apple product (the least green company in the world) with a battery glued inside.
I like it, but sometimes my phone has to be in just the right spot to work.
The case is very well built and lightweight. The touch screen is quiet sensitive in a good way and the case itself is built very sturdy.
Working fine with Apple phone
I have a Droid Turbo and I had an Otter Box on it for the last couple years because things like to jump out of my hands all of the time (especially phones - don't ever trust me with your phone). The Otter Box was great for this aspect, but it was awfully bulky (plus it broke after I had to start taking it off in order to charge my phone when the charging port broke). I love that this case allows for wireless charging without having to take it off of my phone in order to do so (I had no issues with a really tight fit, it just kind of slipped right in). I only gave this 4 stars because I didn't realize that this case was going to be as slippery as it is (meaning that I fully expect my phone to be making more death defying leaps). Time will tell just how sturdy this case is and whether or not it can survive my ownership.
Does what it's made for and will use while at lake fishing
Nice and durable, will be ordering again if anything happens to this one. Seems to be durable and it was fairly cheap $$ as well.
I had the old model (plastic) and my dog chewed it up. The metal is a great improvement. These mounts work perfect for me (plastic or metal) on my dual sport motorcycle, holds fine both on and off road.
Made the mistake of buying the + size phone and it just does not sit securely in my front pants pocket like the smaller versions of the iPhone . Now I don't worry about it when out and about.
Sturdy strong but didn't like lack of face plastic
Really nice, basic case and screen protector set from Amazon. Does what it says and for a fair price. Fits snuggly and just as good as some of the cases costing x2 or x3 as much.
After trying about 3 temp glass screen protector for my oneplus 5. I gave up on temp glass because how no screen manufacture know how to make a slightly curve glass to fit this screen. Not even the one you can buy from Oneplus ??? i gave this one a try because it just makes sense. Curve screen you apply a slightly flexible material so it can bend to the screen's form. After application it looks horrible as it should, you can't spray that much solution behind a screen protector and expect it to go flawless, but after 3-4 day it is crystal clear with small, very hard to notice bumps here and there. Overall way better than any temp glass and pretty easy to apply but just have to wait.
I got a defective unit, but manufacturer was quick to replace it! Great for charging my Apple Watch on the go.
My package came on time and works great. Perfect size for my charging station
A solid case and just what I was looking for. It holds two cards in the back.
Good fit. Had on previous samsungs and it still looks nice. All holes fit OK. Dropping 1 star since it was slightly sharp on the charging port punch hole, needed to reduce sharpness with a knife, and now is OK.
I like that it came nice and clean and even had a screen protector on it. Literally not a single flaw this phone is perfect for the price. Only used for a day battery is good but seems as it charges slow.
The radio works great. I get stations. It's light weight. Easy to use. The first one was defective and was replaced right away and no hassle. Sometimes it shuts off while using. Otherwise no problems at all.
I had an issue with my Power Port II. The unit was making a popping electrical sound and it wouldn't consistently charge anything, so I submitted a support request on their website. Within days I was sent a newer replacement product and it's working great. I've always had a great experience with their products and knowing that they stand by what they sell makes them even better.
It is as people described and would buy it for a gift.
Arrived quickly and having multiple lengths is great.
They are very useful but get lost easily since they are tiny.
good quality and price
I bought my fiancé and I new phones in June. I bought us each a Spigen case to protect them. So far - neither phone has yet to be damaged. *knocks on wood* coupled with a screen protector, this case has helped keep my iPhone 8 plus safe from any damages caused by drops, falls, and spills. i took a star off for the cheap little kickstand on back. It's useless. I thought it would support the phone in both a vertical and horizontal position, but it doesn't really support anything at all.
First, the sound quality of these earbuds are pretty great, especially compared to other headphones/wireless earbuds I have at this price point. The ear buds fit securely in my ear and blocks out noise since it fits so snuggly. Connecting to bluetooth is quick and the case and buds do not look or feel cheap at all. The only problem I have with these is the battery life and not being able to consistently connect a single ear bud without it automatically turning off. I use these earbuds at work and would prefer only using one bud at a time, the instructions that come with the box are not so clear but I did reach out to their customer service who replied quickly and were very helpful but I still was not able to make them stay on consistently even though I followed their instructions. I also am not a fan of the touch sensors but they do work well. I think I will use these when I exercise since they work well when they are both connected and they fit so well in my ears.
It is OK product, not an eye opening one.
I like these for talking on the phone or listening to music on campus but I was really hoping to use them for running and I just ended up adjusting them every other minute because they bounce around so much. They were better for lifting weights but if you ever bend over like for push ups or something, they flop down onto your face... I don't really take them to the gym anymore. The bluetooth features are great though and I love that I can be connected to 2 devices at the same time... although if you have one in your pocket and you walk away from the other, it starts beeping at you and doesn't stop until you are within range again. Overall I am happy with it but still looking for the perfect running headphones.
I would like it if it came with bags for internal use. Maybe 1 or 2 less filters and a bunch of bags? Then would consider ir a total package product!!
It fit my iPhone perfectly and gives me the added protection of being Anti-radiation.
This case has checked off almost all the boxes. My favorite part is that it is waterproof and only a fraction of the cost of a Lifeproof case. I've dropped it plenty of times, and there is not a mark on it. But while they case is durable and a great value, the volume is an issue. I can hear videos and speakerphone, but I can barely hear anything if I am making a phone call and holding it to my ear. I usually make phone calls with bluetooth so this is not a huuuge issue, but it is certainly something to keep in mind.
Love this new addition to my dresser. Makes getting ready in the mornings much clearer. Love this mirror for doing my makeup. The led lights on it are so great. I love that it was bigger than I thought. It is perfect size. You can see your entire face. This is nice and handy mirror along with 10x mirror.
This product is sleek and I like that it fits in my pocket. The fingerprint works but most often I have to scan twice. That being said, I have to scan twice when its out of the case as well. I can't give a rating on durability because I have not had the case very long (about a month) It seems to be durable. I have had similar cases that have lasted a long time. The phone does not fall out of the case and I like the raised edge around the face of the phone to prevent screen cracking. I like the color of my phone and the clear case was a great choice as it fully displays the phone. Overall I am happy with this purchase.
Love the body glove cases. Good value for price. Would only be better if home button was also covered. Color as expected. Holds up well to those accidental drops- keeps spills and other food related sticky messes away.
It was a right pain in the butt to try and get it on my phone, but it's really cute and looks good.
I really like the case.. fits perfectly... I don't have any faults or problems with the case
I'm a BB man. I love the keyboard on my phone. The only thing missing is the track ball/phone mouse and BB button. I'm so use to using like a right click mouse. Having the Andriod OS is a huge plus.. Long lasting battery. It was also easy to restore everything from my old BES 10 device.
Took a while to actually get on the screen. Was not as quick as the video but eventually got it on. I just put it on 5 minutes ago so not sure how it will hold up, but it's 3 screen protectors in the box, so I figure they'll last a good while
The screen in very thick and is an effective security screen. Seems like it is thicker and will also protect the phone screen.
My home button protector came off, it tore at first but I ripped it off so I could use the finger print scanner. Didn't exactly make much of a difference but I'd have like for it to not rip.
Easy to put on phone and take off the phone. Slippery grip in your hands. Takes the case s while to charge itself. When phone was plugged into the case it wouldn't play music. The cord was loose in the charger port not easy to charge with in it.
Constantly disconnects from phone causes it to vibrate thus killing battery life. Looks good feels good. The heart variability is basically bpm and it's right on the mark. Tested at a hospital, it's very accurate.
Antenna was not the same as the original that came with my model. However the one that I did receive works well and I am happy. Functionality is more important to me than looks and the price was at the right point.
This was not what I thought it would be but it does seem to be well built and fits great.
It works really good very pretty
There is a video link provided in the pack. Don't use the included instructions. I wasted the first three trying to install it the hard way - use the video guide. Currently have it installed nearly perfectly with the video instructions and am just waiting for the last bubbles to disappear.
I brought a note 10+ preorder. Due to the cost of the phone, I was looking for something to protect my phone. I had similar case for iPhone so I know how it works, how it feels and how the quality is. So I went and brought it without second thought. It was exactly as I had before but for Note 10+. Both phone and case arrived on the same day. Immediately after opening the phone I did put it in this case and it did fit perfectly. I have zero complaints.
Really sleek & modern. Only downside- mine had a scratch on the white part and this case is super slippery so hold it tightly!
Worked well but unfortunately my camera was damaged even after changing the glass. It says not to get dust or pieces in the camera which i found impossible to do with it being busted all the way through. Product worked well but didn't fix my issue.
Even though this might be simple to figure out instructions were not included. It does need to be larger. There were two protectors but only one wet and dry rag. It does the job for the price.
Did not charge a device to 100%.
It's a pretty good case; it is OtterBox after all. Pros: Feels like quality; feels like it'll protect my phone, etc. Cons: The bottom doesn't fit properly so it's just a bit awkward on the phone; I had to put down a bit more force to use the volume buttons and power button after case was on; it was a struggle to get it to stay without jamming, and once I did get it, the covers for the audio port and charging were a bit difficult to open (since they were stuck)
Nice looking and works fine
It's OK. Price is right.
Fits my needs extremely well! Product is very well designed, sturdy and fits nicely on my couch with several devices plugged in and charging.....I love it!
I like the phone, the image is clearly marked with my carrier's logo, but unfortunately the phone was not compatible with them, did not have the logo on the back when I received it and my carrier was not able to activate it . Just because the item says it's "unlocked" that doesn't mean it will work with any carrier. You need to ask your carrier which service is compatible with yours. Otherwise, it's was very nice for a refurbished phone, too bad it didn't work out.
i really like these walkie talkies, easy to use, easy to program, great sound quality, my only con is the batteries didn't last as long as i had hoped, but mine came with chargers and we are only using them around the yard so not a big issue.
used for 2 years now it wont charge anything
Good stuff works great
I love how flexible it is. Also how good the glitter moves inside as well.
Great for the price. It looks slightly cheap, but I still love it and will use it as long as I can! So far had it 3 weeks with no problems, and even dropped my phone a few times and it protected it very well. Great quality for that price range.
I have the same 1st one on and is doing well !!!
I'm glad I purchased this adapter. It makes everything so much more convenient now that I am able to charge my iPhone and listen to my earbuds at the same time. It is lightweight and very handy, small so easy to carry.
Seems to be holding a charge fine. Not really sure if it exceeds my old battery on time of use before it's dead.
Feels more flimsy than I want, but I love the card holder and the color.
Love the beautiful pattern on the case! Would prefer it to have bit of a textured surface as it is slick to hold. Cutout for power button seems to interfere a bit with pressing the power button. Otherwise a good case that will protect my Samsung S9+.
Work great well worth the price
Turns out I am really hard on my cases and I use it in the car with my magnetic mount all the time. I bought this in Jan 2019 and noticed in Aug 2019 that it was loosing the pull force (how strongly it stays still while on the magnet) and the finish was scratched up (see picture of ring not attached to case). So I bought another one. The old one was very easy to take off of the case and did not damage the case at all. It is really low profile too (see side view picture). This is the best one I have found so far!
Fast received. Good price. Appears to be what I expect but just received so will have better idea as item is used for awhile.
I bought my new moto G6 exactly 10 days before it slipped out of my coat pocket, encased in this case. Sadly, the small bumper on the front of the case wasn't enough to protect it from an uneven sidewalk and the screen cracked (my first screen crack in 4 smartphones over 6 years). I can't say that another case in this style would have done better in this instance unless it had a huge front bumper, which might have deflected the blow. This case was much better to grip than the "textured" one I tried first. I liked it, and the color looked cool on the black phone, a nice deep, metallic purple. It looked great on the phone. Sadly, I won't be using it anymore after this mishap: I purchased a wallet-style front-covering case since there's no otterbox for this phone model and the other "rugged" cases I researched had flimsy screen protection. I wish I could return it since it's not useful to me, but that wouldn't be fair to the seller, I suppose because the case does what it does well; it just wasn't enough protection for this bulky, heavy phone.
Worked great for months, then fell off. Now won't suction securely
Fits Pixel 3a perfectly. Could have sworn the description said doesn't show finger prints but it absolutely does.
Fits perfect, easy to clean. Easy to install. Only 4 stars because of the price.
Product works fine and easy to setup and use. The lights were not overwhelming and disruptive in the dark
Case was good but slide to cards wouldn't stay closed and keep things secured after a few weeks. Super glued it shut, case is great.
It's a nice product, just as described. It's a bit thinner than I thought, which makes a corner flips over, but if it was thicker it would be bulky. So I'm satisfied with the products. Cost-color-quality. Thanks!
THis camera glass fit perfectly and you can't tell the original was ever broken! My only complaint was the tempered glass screen protector that came with it broke before it ever made it on. It also had very minimal adhesive on it. I'd still buy again if i had to.
I haven't figured out how to hold the went from turning
Good for what it is. But it is easily scratched.
Awesome sling Design, Unfortunately doesn't Protect the screen.
These fitbit flex 2 bands are ok! I would assume they are the real thing the quality is so great. They are much stiffer than the original band I got with my Fitbit Flex 2. They are adjustable, fit well and are very comfortable to wear. Having 5 colors is such good. I would recommend to a friend because the cost is very reasonable.
The size and color. It holds all my cards and ID.
Nice and Slim case. Did good job protecting phone. My 13 year old loved it.
although it does the job as a screen protector, it struggles to stick on the sides of the phone, i've tried many different times and the same issue happens, i also have a screen protector friendly case, so that isn't the issue
I like that this came fast and works well. I don't like the tightness of the covers for the headphones and charger wires. Maybe it will loosen up over time. My prior cover for a moto x didn't have a cover for the openings and I might just take me a while to get used to it. Nice look.
Small enough to fit on keychain or backpack zipper. Loud enough to attract attention.
great case - easy to deal with
Overall a good case.
It's a perfect fit for the Pixel 2 XL, but it left a rainbow effect on the glass. I've had it for about 3 weeks now and the rainbow's still there. It's not noticeable when the screen's on and you're using the the phone, but it definitely is when it's off. It's not a big deal, but it's something I'm starting to get used too. As far as touch screen sensitivity, it doesn't interfere with the performance of the screen and it is case friendly. I highly recommend it… if you can live with the rainbow effect
Highly recommend of this macro and wide angle lens For $15 you can really upgrade your phone lens. I use my iPhone 6P and photo quality with it is really amazing. It doesn't take a lot of space, so I can take it everywhere easily with its small bag. And you can also find a soft cloth, which can help to wipe your lens, if it gets dirty.
Very protective and easy to put on and take off. Only downside is if you are using for watch at the gym, sweat tends to get underneath the cover and on the watch. I have to take off the case and clean it every time I go to the gym
Everything fits and works fine.
Happy with the phone that I bought for my fiancée as a replacement for the S6 Edge I had previously bought her and she lost/got stolen. Only slight disappointment was the damage on the home key...gold color was missing on part of the key.
Bought one for my roommate to use since he has so many devices. Works well and it's nice to have one home for everything. Even if you don't have the watch, it looks good for just the phone and headphones. Looks nice on the shelf since there's no clutter.
It works... but there no instructions on how to install. I looked on You Tube and elsewhere for info on how to get the old glass out and put the new glass in. I've bought this product three times now... the first two times, I guess I didn't clean the camera lens good enough because there was haze / speckles on my pictures afterwards (or the camera quit focusing). The last time, I cleaned it and cleaned it and cleaned it (and then cleaned it some more). Time will tell how long it will last, but for God's sake... clean the lens of all broken glass and particles before you put the new glass on!
Perfect for workwear as well
Performance is very good. It should be more confortable.
As a whole a good case. Liked the card attached to phone, did not like the zipper. Wish the phone attached by magnets not Velcro.
I love this strap and the price is right. I bought it about a year ago and it has been awesome. Recently the band has begun to fall apart on the sides of the straps so I will need to replace it soon.
This is a great case and I feel it is very protective. It was a bit more bulky than I expected but I am extremely happy with it. I love the color. The slot on the outside is nice for cards or receipts. It is a bit too thick and bulky to fit into my portable keyboard, but otherwise, i really like it.
Great case for the money. Very durable and well made.
Protector is good. Only thing it really doesn't cover my iPhone X all the way
Great quality product but it feels a bit slippery on the borders (at least to my touch). Still a great minimalist protection for your iPhone 11 Pro Max if you handle your phone with care. It looks great on the phone too...
This phone case is exactly what I imagined it would be. The only negative is you have to take the case off to charge it on the wireless charger.
The battery work fine exactly one year then ................😞 die
I have had this case for a few months now and I still really enjoy it. I have more than enough slots for all of my cards and it has help up well to wear of me dropping my phone all the time. The only problem is that some of the stitching and some of the material is starting to fray slightly
you get what you pay for. The case feels good on the phone and isn't bulky at all. Just what I was looking for
It holds my phone securely in place and it doesn't wobble or turn. It's a little difficult to get on to the controller and it's very very hard to take it off, but if you don't plan to take it on and off very often it will definitely work very well
Appear to be built well. Good grip and no sign of cracking yet
Good for a low small air space box. I ordered 2 for my truck and they play great with my alpine amp.
It's been pretty protective of my phone but if you put your phone in your pocket like a normal human being the rubber casing will stretch and wear out. You can solve this problem by becoming a dad and wearing it on your belt in the plastic case it comes with you you can quick draw your phone like a cool guy. You'll be able to shoot a text out in .5 seconds. Plus, if you put it on your side it'll make you feel like your strapped like a cool guy. You'll be the #1 feared and admired dad on the block. In the words of Michael Scott, "Would I rather be feared or loved? Easy. Both. I want people to be afraid of how much they love me." This can be you, just used the belt clip. But for reals though, why do you need a case to carry your case. Only buy if you wear white sketchers slightly stained green from mowing the lawn.
Looks good, large face (on a woman's wrist) but wearable. Took a bit to get it working correctly, helps to download the app right away. Then the language switches over as well as location for the weather, etc. The motion sensor is fairly sensitive, I couldn't wear it at night because it's bright and lights up whenever I roll over. I'm still trying to figure out how to switch it from Celsius to Fahrenheit on the weather app part.... if anyone knows how, please let me know. I already switched the "units" under settings. :( Overall, it's a nice watch. Battery runs down each evening but that happens if you get a lot of messages, calls, etc. I have had some trouble with getting it to sync with my messages, but they seem to come thru the "notifier" app rather than the messages app. No idea why. Overall, for the price, it's definitely 4 stars.
Purchased for an older vehicle. Works much better than your old tape adapters and once you get locked on the right channel it has a solid sound. Bluetooth connection to my phone is flawless. Was able to pair quickly and get this set up right away without needing directions. It's liteweight and can be easily moved between vehicles. It seems to be made well and we have used it daily since purchasing it. Lot easier than buying a new stereo and ensures my kids hands are hopefully on the wheel when he's driving.
I purchased this product under the impression that it would be one of those blackout privacy screens but to me it's just a normal screen protector not dark enough to be privacy the screen blocks nothing.
I ordered this knowing what I am getting myself into. I expected this to be a thin slim case with no drop protection and only scratch protection. This is very thin and slim and adds minimal thickness to an already big phone. But if there's one thing I would change it's the material. It plasticky. I rather they use aluminum with rubber sides. That should add durability and also make it less slick.
Perfect for my custom cell phone case orders . Not meant for protection.
I bought this for my 2.5 y/o but my husband loves it too. I like that it has atleast 20 different options. It is easy to use and it is fun.
Super cute band but it's twisted and not able to lay flat. Hoping they send me a new one to replace this one!! This is the second band they sent me, the first package sent was empty....so weird. But amazon gave me a refund and I ordered this one. Just strange the links are all twisted.
The phone has a curved glass front, its not going to come out perfect. These screen protectors have just the amount of width to cover the screen portion of the phone, not the small side bezel (where the device curves). if you want this to turn out any good, you will need to take your time and line up things just right. I've tried 3-4 different brands of screen protectors for this phone and IMO these turned out the best.
Phone case is heavier than the others I have purchased. I also wish there was room for more than one card in the slot. All that being said it is a nice sturdy case and we'll worth the price I paid.
Easy to use. Works great.
It's been protecting the phone so far.
actually really good products. Love the space design on outside.
Adjusting the links to fit my wrist was as painful as a bareback gorilla slinging me around a room full of plywood. Otherwise 9/10 totally would buy this shit again.
A nice design, with lots of reserve power. I like the digital power remaining meter.
Sturdy and reliable, great product
A little bulkier than I had hoped but does the job well. Leaves you room for accessory cables as well.
Delivered on time and fits perfectly as a light weight alternative
I LOVE my new phone case! I was so excited to get it. The shipping was late, That was my biggest concern. I usually don't care if the shipping is late but I was very excited about it. If you are thinking about not buying it because you think you can't put a pop socket on it, rethink that decision because it works very well with a pop socket!
They are very comfortable, sound quality is solid, build quality is solid, and they comfortably stay put all day! The only complaint I have is that the ear pads are just a tad on the small side, but the padding and covers are so comfortable that they completely make up for it.. Just a warning, if you have very large ears these may be a little difficult to wear
This is the second headset that I have had and the first one the wires came apart inside after only a few months. I'm trying a second set to find out if it was just a defect in that one
Like the grip of case but disappointment no cover for glass of phone
It really help to protecting the watch
Charges my phone and electronics reliably and quickly. The customizable LED is a nice touch. Some of the extra features, specifically the GPS parking spot marker, don't work very reliably but that's not that important to me.
Bought this for the car because of fingerprints. This reduces but does not eliminate them which is good enough for me. The first one was broken so they sent a new one pretty pick. Stuck it on and the fit it decent.
Colors are not as vibrant as the photo, but it is still very pretty. Would recommend.
I was able to install this on my own iPhone 5 in a very short time. All of the items I needed were included, as well as extra screws and a glass screen protector. The instructions were not great and the pictures did not provide enough detail; I found a tutorial on youtube and that was more helpful than anything else. The prying tools used to open the phone and remove the battery snapped in half. I was being pretty careful about the amount of pressure but they still broke. Use a blow dryer to heat up the back of the phone a little; that helps loosen the glue.
It works great as it should. I am knocking off a star because placed on the dash during summer will just overheat any phone. Maybe it needs a way to compensate the sun and heat, not being a dark color might help.
As the title says. The sound quality seems to be pretty good to me. They are stylish, don't fall off my ear, have great battery life.
Great battery but after about 3 months it has lost some of its juice. Can't beat it for the price though.
Just what I was looking for as my boyfriend just turned 30 and enjoys a little whiskey. This glass has not been used yet, but appearance and quality are two thumbs up!
Not perfect, the metal could be harder, but I used the t3 bit to take appart a phone 4-5 different times and the head is still in a very decent condition, that's more than I can say for 99% of the small screwdrivers I've used. The best part is I haven't even touched the other bits so I think I'll get alot of use out of this kit for sure, A+ product would recommend to someone on a budget.
This item was supposed to be plug-n-play for windows 10. It's NOT!! I had to install the driver from CD. The instructions were not very good. I had to fiddle around with several settings after seeking help from Microsoft online. The item finally works fine but unless you are computer savvy, you might have a little trouble getting it to work. The entire system sounds good now.
Very hard to get on and my screen scratches really easy but does give more protection
I bought this band for my Apple Watch. It fit the watch perfectly and looks great. So far I believe it made for my watch. So far no issues with the band. I will recommend it to anyone looking for a replacement
Really cute cover and sturdy
Fair product for the price. Good quality too. I'd recommend it
It has worked as described
This bumper is a great choice if you enjoy the beauty of your iPhone X and don't want to cover it. The protection is moderate so if you tend to drop your phone often, consider that the coverage is not maximum. FRONT: The front of the bumper is nearly flush with the screen. When running your fingers along the edge, you can feel a small increase which gives the glass minimal protection. As long as you have protective glass your phone should be safe from damage. REAR: The rear of the bumper has little extensions on each corner and the sides are flush. The corner extensions are great and will serve as added protection for the rear glass of the phone. BUTTONS: The right sleep and on button works perfectly and is easy to control. The volume buttons are easily controlled just the same. LEFT MUTE BUTTON: This is difficult to slide to mute the phone or turn it back on only because it's set deeper into the bumper. If you're a nail biter you may not be able to use this while the bumper is on without sticking a pen or something sharp into the opening. SPEAKERS: So far so good. The speakers (both top and bottom) seem to be totally exposed allowing clear sound. POWER ACCESS: If you're using a standard apple approved power cord you'll be fine. The power port is easily accessed. I've had other bumpers and this by far is the best if you can deal with the left mute button being a bit difficult to access. This is the ONLY REASON I did NOT GIVE IT FIVE STARS...
Great product dropped my phone a couple of times and never cracked my real screen!!!!
So far works pretty good. Only issue is with cleaning. Even when lightly wiping the screen it displays a weird pattern on the screen for a couple mins. Other than that it's great!
I'm pleasantly surprised with the color. It's a not as bright and saturated as the picture implies. For the price it's a good option but the band is very stiff. It doesn't fit well around the wrist. I've bought two other bands for a similar price that were a lot softer and flexible. I'll try wearing it for a couple of days to see if it gets any better.
These cases are convenient in just having your phone nearby in your vehicle in case of an emergency.
The pink looks brighter than in the picture, and the buttons do work. Only problems are that it makes the buttons very sensitive and the screen protector gets bubbles under it no matter what you do.
Loved the phone case when it first came in. Unfortunately, I dropped it on the sidewalk and it scuffed the “leather” and started peeling. I'm fully aware this isn't real leather, but it looked great up until that point. I will be repurchasing another one (hoping to be less clumsy). I would recommend for a good, light-weight case.
I bought it thinking it would charge my Google Pixel (which requires a USB-C to charge). Though this product has a USB-C, it is only used as an input for charging itself. Therefore, I needed to buy a USB-C to USB cable just to slowly charge my Google Pixel. This product probably can charge my phone one and a half times. It charges fast though--however--with a USB-C cable charge.
My husband has large arms. So bands are a bit snug
Great quality, especially for the price and it comes with three! Very durable and easy to place.
Fun camera. And photo quality is actually better than the phone built in camera. Draw back is it has to be stuck onto the phone back to be used. and the connection sometimes not so good.
The rose gold case matches the rose cold color of the watch. Didn't try the clear one because I liked the Rose gold so much When installing, stretch the case (pull with your fingers) and take at least one band off then put it on and test bezel rotation. With the case on you won't be able to turn it as much as with it off but you should be still able to turn it. The buttons dont stick out as much with the game on but it doesn't bother me Haven't dropped my watch yet so I don't really know how much protection it has
Excellent cable, long like I wanted (10 ft) and strong material. I like it.
I really like this phone especially for the price. I gave it a 4 out 5 stars because the speaker is a little low like other reviews stated and the phone does not update to the latest Android version. Otherwise I'm very satisfied, there's nothing I can't do with this phone.
Good case. fits perfectly. not too thick (but also means not the best for drop protection) helps you have a nonslip grip on the phone. gives a nice pop of color to your phone.
Have not replaced battery yet.
The cover looks good on a purple phone. It has thicker corners to provide extra protection for the corners. The only problem with it is that I can't charge my phone on a charging dex when the cover is on.
I think the price is reasonable and the quality of this brand is better than that of other brands.
I was sent a free replacement as my first application was full of bubbles. I was able to do a successful application on my phone with almost no bubbles upon following all the instructions carefully. I am very happy with the execellent customer service of Tech Armor brand ambassadors.
It keeps my hands free and it is strong enough to hold my phone and tablet. I would not throw this thing around much. it is lightweight plastic. It is cool so far.
Its decent other than seems like none of the charging port covers want to stay closed
Very easy to put on phone. Seems to hold up good.
Hooked these little speakers up tonight and am very pleased with the sound out of these little speakers. Put them in my sxs and they sound great
I was looking for something like this
Great for our purpose. 10 day international travel and didn't want to run risk of poor battery performance on infamous iPhones that don't hold a charge after 18 months of age. Great solution! Charges fast and keeps you charged all day with lots of photography and video taken. I have a little trouble taking the top off - doesn't have an easy mechanism there so that's why 4 stars. Not necessarily a reason not to buy, just an improvement opportunity.
Fits very well and looks very amazing! The power button on the case broke, so I ordered another one
It is not 100% what I expected. It is still very nice. Not the safest cover if you drop your phone a lot. It is cute.
The case itself is great. I am rather clumsy, and have dropped my phone more times than I care to admit. My only complaint is the built in screen protector. I'm guessing that during production it wasn't the cleanest environment. There are dust particles between the two pieces of plastic. Also, it is blue, so pictures are not the colors that you see on the screen.
Is arrive faster than expected. It's very easy to use and modify to your preference. It launches apps a bit slow and loading any browsing search . Otherwise it's a good cost effective smart phone
I was excited when this arrived...on time. It was bigger than I expected but that was not a big deal. Endless bubbles. It was easy to use and easy to clean. We did have to hang it. Because having it sit on the ground didn't give the bubbles room to come down to the kids. I'm looking forward to using it more.
I love this cover! The only issue is that it scratches pretty easy but for the price it's ok. Very slim and cute.
Overall satisfied, but there are several things I would change from a design and functionality perspective. First one is just a mistake, as another commenter has said, the left and right channels are reversed. A non-issue for most applications, but it bothered me a great deal. Second, the audio jack wire should be integrated, or at the very least set on the outside to avoid poking the back of the ear. Third, turning the whole thing inside-out is more comfortable, and can fix both of the previous issues. The price is low enough that I am willing to forego any warrantees to modify it myself. Hopefully I'll be able to spin the speakers around without having to cut it open, and I'll decide later whether or not to solder the wire directly into the band or not. Finally, I plan on adding a strip of Velcro to the eyemask so that it can be flipped up and secured in place, which might be a cool feature if included in future versions.
Good replacement for my dashcam cord that crapped out. This one plugs into my camera upside down, though, so it looks sort of weird but does the job.
Nice case, my only issue with it is it came in a different color than the one ordered (i ordered black with the blue zipper and it came all black) but besides that its a great case that fits the switch quite nicely. With all that said i dont think I'll be returning it for something as silly as a color change.
Works great, just wish it was a little cheaper! Mophie charger that is made for Apple phones isn't much more than this. After testing this unit does not always put out 7.5 Watts but is a nice design and ventilation is a plus!
i love that with every generation of phone all the gadgets that go with them get cooler too. This wireless charger is sleek, compact and easy on the eye (no one wants an eyesore sitting on their desk/nightstand, etc). I enjoy the ease of this so much that I plan to buy more for around the house
Unlike a lot of the glass screen protectors for this device, the fingerprint actually works through the glass. Installation was fairly easy after finding a video. My only complaint is that there are some very minor streaks under the fingerprint cut out, but I was able to smooth most of them out with a card.
Replaces the 2 year old battery and this new one lasts twice as long. Use the Ifixit tutorial to change the stickers without tearing gem. Don't try to do this without watching a tutorial. Difficulty 5/10. Time required 10-30 minutes depending on if the stickers tear or not.
Very easily installed on 6 Edge phone. All buttons work easily and very easy to hold the case
So far so good! Looks great on and package arrived very quickly, I'll review again after the first fall and inform how it holds up but it seems sturdy so far!
I bought it for my new Galaxy S10 plus. It comes with 2 screen protectors and wet and dry wipes. It is a soft screen protector, not a tempered glass. Still, it works well in protecting the screen from scratches etc.
Beautifully made and a super holster for the iPhone 7+ if you don't have a case. The Otterbox Defender is supposed to fit. But I had so much trouble getting the phone in the holster with the case on, I decided I'd return the case rather than take a chance on dropping the phone, trying to force it into the case. I also note that the flap would not latch with the phone and Otterbox case inside. If you want a case for the phone without additional protection, I'd highly recommend this case, however avoid it if you want phone protection other than this case.
Works as described. Just what I needed for my car but battery life is terrible. Does come with USB charger so I just leave it plugged in charging while I'm using it.
Looks amazing but the texture is not what you'd expect. The back of the case looks like it would be textured but it's completely smooth which was disappointing. It seems like it would protect my phone pretty well.
My review is based on my phone which is a Samsung s7. I bought this as a life extender for my tired phone battery and probably reflects how much recharge I was able to get. I have yet to get 3 full battery recharges from a full battery but I did get one full charge. I use my phone while its charging which probably makes a difference as well. It doesn't fast charge which I was a bit disappointed about but otherwise it's a decent battery. It's big, slightly wider than my s7 and about twice as thick.
I'm enjoying my scanner. Programmed it manually. Can't get it to connect with my computer. All signals and calls are loud and clear of the ones I programmed in. Happy with my purchase
I love these headphones! I use them to listen to movies and music on my phone. I forget that I have them on. That's how comfortable they are. The mic is very sensitive (picks up background noises) if you are on a call. Love that they hold a charge for hours!
Amp is pushing 4 x 8" Kenwood 4 ohm 300w speakers, sounds great! Never been around a boat so loud
A few months after using it, it would not charge itself. I removed the phone, and it charged...and since, it has been performing normally.
They fit well.. sound is good..
It's only been one day since I installed it so I can't say how well it performs or how it holds up. But it seems like a really nice camera. The controls are a bit confusing, but I think once it's setup, you can just leave it alone. Getting it to be straight was a challenge for me because of my mounting location. I didn't have any reference point to get it straight. Going to try fixing it later. I bought the hard wire kit to go with the camera and will be trying to connect that over the next couple weeks when I have time. Will try and update this review after I've had the camera for a bit longer.
It has a pretty cool design, the switch to change the phone to vibrate, silence or ring is a little bit hard to use, you have to use some pressure in order to make it work. Also the case is pretty hard to put on and take off.
Great valued product
Great Customer Service
Does the job for now, but I'm not sure how well it will hold up.
So glad to have this option! Follow the directions before use and it works fine. Great customer service on the phone, and clear directions on getting it setup. definitely worth it especially not to have to go wait in line at a phone store just to get a device up and running. Unfortunately the device I bought it for failed after only a week, so I was not able to use the full month of service.
We liked that our phones didn't get damaged or lost on our yearly trip to Disney Land. They were perfect for using on our vacation.
Works fine. We also have a flip phone from At&t but it doesn't fit.
buttons are to close together. try to hit one and hit the other. they tried to fit 10 pounds of shit into a 5 pound hole ":O(
Used on a oneplus 6t. Very good overall. Does turn yellowish quickly
Would give 5/5 but the frame broke when removing the phone from the case. Knew this was going to happen the first time i put it together.
I own a 2013 ford fusion. Polarity is backwards. This means that when you plug them in the correct way to where the male and female parts snap together, the lights will no work. If you turn the connector the other way the lights work but both connectors do no snap together correctly. thus leaving the possibility of it coming apart with vibration of the car. I placed some electrical tape around the connectors to hold them together. So far so good. The lights are bright and fit into the headlight housing snug. Once the light is in the housing you can no longer place the rubber cap back on the headlight housing. These lights have a small fan and need to be open for the heat of the light to circulate. 4 stars only because of the connector was not correct and there is a possibility of water getting into the headlight housing because you can not use the rubber covering where the lights goes. UPDATE. One of the lights went out last month. The seller was quickly to refund the money for the lights.
Pros: + Well-designed fit, buttons click in the sweet spot which is an issue for many 3rd-party cases + Slim design, this is meant to protect against small bumps and scratches, not big drops. Maxboost has other cases for that + Raised edges to prevent screen from touching surface (even with screen protector installed) + All ports accessible, wireless charging works through case Cons: - Case has a very slippery material. This isn't an issue for me personally but if you aren't a very careful person you might want to get a bulkier case
Everything works but the protector can get a little funky with a case. It wraps the whole screen and my case overlaps just a little bit to cover right to the screen and the two don't work well with each other so the bottom left side of my phone can get lifted and I have to mess with it to get it to go back.
Great product a bit off in size for iPhone XS Max but will work for now.
Installed on 2008 HHR. Positives: with adequate light the picture is very clear Does what it's supposed to do as long as there is daylight. Install is pretty straightforward as I have installed 2 of these without a major problem (see negatives below for minor problem). Negatives: Length of video cable was too short. I had to purchase a 6 ft extension cable to complete the installation due to the vehicle having a hatchback type rear door with the license plate in the middle of it. Could not find video cable with same connectors do I used standard audio cable with a female/female adapter to join the 2 cables. In low light (darkness) the view is virtually unusable. I believe this is due to the type of reverse lights the HHR has which do not produce a lot of light. In rainy conditions the view is also virtually unusable. Not enough power cable for my installations as I did not have a way to use a fuse so I ran the power cable back to the reverse light.
You need to plug it in a recharge the battery about every 3 days but the sound is great.
Great case, but the design on the back traps dust like there's no tomorrow, so it gets dirty incredibly quick.
However too shallow for my subs had to add a 1/4 inch spacer to get it to fit correctly.
The prong or whatever that goes into the holes on the band feels like a cheap plastic that'll break easy, but otherwise i'm happy with it. Should be a nice addition to Pride.
I don't usually write a lot of reviews by this screen protector is pretty good. Can be a bit fussy to line up if you have a case on the phone also but it's worth the effort. Very good TECHO. I will update if needed after some time on the phone. Just installed today.
I love this band and the kit that came with it to adjust the band was easy to use and the directions easy to follow. The only thing that I don't like is the pink finish is already going off in some spots.
Feels nice in hand not to big not to thin. But the issue is that the screen protector scratches easily from finger nails
Very easy to put on. I have not had the issues of the screen protector not staying on that others have. I did drop my phone while working on my car less than a foot. Scratched the protector and started cracking over the next couple days. Did the job though and my screen is still in good shape. I would, and did buy it again.
I just received mine today and tested it.. it worked fine on my note 5.. but i just had to remove my phone case because its quite thick and charger dont detect my phone.. anyways im planning to get a thinner case tho so it's not quite a big deal.. FAST CHARGING also works..
I like it! I have a Corsair RGB short keyboard. The keyboard is a snug fit, the issues are the really thick USB cables. I tuck them into the outside pocket and this case turns into the perfect protector to place inside my suitcase when I'm traveling. In fact I just unpacked tonight and it worked perfectly to protect my keys from falling off or breaking. Especially important for us folks with mechanical keyboards.
You can tell that it's cheap, but it gets the job done.
Nice case that fits two cards. I keep my debit card and my license in it. I took off a star because of a small crack in the plastic that makes the top part come up a little sometimes.
Very happy with the case. Due to the way it was packaged the screen Procter came broke already. For the price it is a great case and it's on my 8 years olds phone so even better.
This was used in our practice for those who had issues with the earpiece that came with the headset falling off while working on patients. The options for ear-bud style or molded give a couple choices and seem to be working better at staying in the ear while working.
Good for the price, but it has a very strong rubber/burnt plastic smell. It ended up making my oculus smell which sucks.
Seems to be working good at this point. Took off a star because only sometimes will it recognize our daughters iPhone 8plus in her otter box.
Had the phone for like one day. What the heck can you say in one day. You should check, like, after 30 days.
Works as I thought it would. I bought this to hook up to an older stereo that does not have Bluetooth. This will transmit a signal to my headphones so I can listen to my record collection without disturbing others in the house. I am using the MPow 059 Bluetooth headphones (which are around $35 and seem to work very well). Connection with the MPow transmitter was fast. I simply plugged it into the headphone jack of my stereo system and once it connected I was in business and could hear my records just fine (currently listening to The Doors). Comes with a charger and a 3.5 cord for hook-up. As stated in the instructions do not charge this on a "fast" charger or it may cause serious issues. I have a similar MPow receiver but it does not transmit, it receives only. I use it in my truck so I can listen to my iPod or cell phone. Basically the same thing but this one receives and transmits. Can't go wrong with this one.
I haven't had my Apple Watch protective case that I purchased seems to be fine. I haven't had it very long. But, so far no complaints.
Does not fit your screen by far but it works
For the price these ear buds are awesome sounds good and rest easy in the ear. Set up was easy.
Pretty good but I feel like it made my screen darker
Fingerprint reader only works randomly. Haven't tried face recognition. Haven't had long enough to assess battery life. Arrived in Spanish - should have been in English. No help when calling CS for assistance either at Amazon nor Samsung. CSR's were nice, but not knowledgeable.
Great bands love everything but the flexibility
Ear piece came out, but other than great sound quality.
This case has worked great for me so far. I love the 360 design. It does get dirt trapped and needs to be cleaned every now and again. However, it holds up well and is serving ita purpose.
These are not expensive radios but the sound quality and battery life are good. I found it easier to program with a 3rd party software than with the factory software.
Good product. Good value for the price.
I'm happy with my purchase
Upgraded my work car 2001 Toyota Camry. Easy to use, I get some static but can't complain much.
Pink is way lighter than in the pic. Also has lace around the edges that I did that see in the picture. Side buttons are hard to push. But it's cute and my daughter loves it.
The material of the case darkens quickly (from holding it, ink from jeans, etc), but it works well and looks good!
, the tracking says I received this product and I have not received it yet I verified my mailbox and there was nothing there or at my doorstep so it's false is saying it's delivered and I haven't received it yet
Nice case, nicely finished with a black trim in the edges and high quality material. One caveat: it's a magnet for fingerprints and picks up any traces of sweat in your hands. If you are picky about your phone looking greasy, then pass on this one.
So far they are holding up well. They even stick to phones that have a textured surface on the back. Well pleased with the purchased. The only thing I did not like is they are hard to re-position.
I have this sub wired to a 1500 watt planet audio anarchy amp wired at 2 ohms. It handles the power well and sounds crisp in a sealed box. Sounds great with all the different types of music I've played through it. The best thing I can say about this speaker is it's price point. It performs far better then I expected. It's in a 04 Tahoe and it fills the entire vehicle with bass. Once the speaker is broke in its party time! Make sure to follow break-in instructions for longevity. That's all I got, buy one and try it out for yourself. They are cheap enough that if you don't like it you can gift it to someone else and not feel bad about it. I doubt you will though once you wire it up and it comes to life.
I'm no longer fumbling with the wires to charge my phone. I can even keep my case on it and it still charges. It's nice to have one in each room! A great find
Only problem is the condition of the phone other than that everything works fine.
It's very convenient! Now when we are cooking we know where to put the iPad. Very pleased.
I am impressed with this screen protector, it was easy to apply, it feels nice, and the screen is still as responsive as before. My only complaint is on the width of the screen protector, it covers the display but the sides are slightly exposed.
Everything works fine except the sound. Not really hi-fi. Works great with the galaxy notes but crappy with S8 active. Sturdier than some other brand that just breaks apart for being in the car after a sunny day. So I added one star
I would give this a 5 star except for the screen protector leaves gaps on the top bottom and sides. The gaps are not huge but is a slight inconvenience when pulling down the status bar. I would still recommend this case. Other than that the case is fantastic it fits the phone well ready on/off. The stand on the back is fantastic for watching videos The clip works very well and is also very easy to use. The clip itself is very tight so it doesn't come loose from whatever it's attached to. The clip also has a clip to hold open the belt clip for what it's worth.
After a lot of looking, measuring and figuring, I bought this item in the 22" inch version. It took a little engineering to bolt it to the floor in my '91 xj, but it finally went in solidly. The important thing to prevent wobbling, is to secure the 3/8" inch aluminum rod that's inside the plastic cover close to the top, as well as on the floor. Don't secure the plastic cover, a conduit clamp for this is included with the hardware but isn't very effective. Instead cut around the plastic cover where you want to secure the rod, the closer to the top end the better, slide the plastic cover back, then fasten the rod itself down with a plastic 3/8" inch wire bundle clamp, then let the plastic cover slide back into place. It's solid then. Bend the rod pretty close to where you want it before bolting it down. The comments you read on here that the ends of the item broke are because they bolted the thing down and then tried to force the rod into position. Get it pretty close before installation. The only thing I wasn't crazy about is the 'phone holder itself. It's plastic and probably a little flimsy. But, there is an adapter plate included so I think, with a little engineering, you could mount any 'phone or tablet holder you wanted. This thing will hold up a tablet easily. This item is easily modified, the rod can be shortened easily, the brackets that hold the thing to the floor can be cut and drilled if you have the necessary tools. But, this mount is pretty much stationary. If you bend the rod continually I suppose it would finally break. If you need a mount that needs to be constantly re-positioned, this probably isn't the one. So, I recommend this item, but only if you don't ask it to do things it wasn't designed to do. If you can't secure it close to the top as well as on the floor I wouldn't buy it, I think It'd be way too wobbly, at least for my purposes.
Very small, but this is perfect for hurricane season (the reason I bought it).
Very good case and really bright also goes a while without being charged.Smart design for the holder!
Very durable, holds 3 cards
Item ripped off at the metal clip after one and a half months. Reconsider a different belt holster.
Its good. The only thing is when Im on a call. I have to turn it off, because it make a loud repeating noise. Other than that I like it.
I've had it about nine months and dropped in the water once – it floated and kept the phone dry. The clear plastic is beginning to wear a bit, but it gets used a lot.
Love everything about this phone case so far. Have had it a week now only thing I don't like is the edges around the glass. It interferes with games that use full screens to the edge.
It's really good but little smaller is better.
The is good and durable. I like that you can put your cards in it.
The opening in back to a couple days to not be too difficult, and it only holds about 2 cards. But it's a nice case. My sone has one too, and he loves it
Case is really sturdy & has kept my phone safe. Even after cleaning the screen, the clear cover doesn't adhere completely to screen & popped off after a few day use.
Easy to install! Comes with a template to install. Glass is a little shiny but it saved my phone when I dropped it on concrete. The screen protector cracked but my phone was safe.
Not sure about the durability but I like this case and it fits my phone perfectly.
Most important to know is that it does not work in a Ford Explorer because the wall of the console on the driver side is too thick and it slides off when you jostle on the road. It works well in an Odyssey on the dash due to a thinner console wall. We had to add a rubber piece to the inside bottom support so it did not slide out of the clip.
I like it because it isn't so uncomfortable when you have it in your pocket.. I was looking for something tiny and this cover was perfect
OK, look: If you need the best nose cancelling on the planet, this is not the device for you. However, it might be the right device if only can only spend less than $150 and you want better focus in the office, or listen to audio in noisy environments. The key to a good experience is that you really need to listen to something. If you don't want music, just not to hear your background, play some white noise. White noise generators are available for free in the Apple and Google stores. Me, I listen to instrumental music most of the time. That said, my experience is not perfect. The first problem is that when it connects to my computer, it defaults to the audio communication device. This is bad because this only works correctly with things like Skype, and the audio quality is terrible. The audio quality is a function of the protocol, not the device. I wish that the headphones would let me disable that protocol somehow... but no such headphone do that... that I know of anyway. The next thing is that every now and then, the headphones just stop producing audio. I'm not sure that this is a problem with the headphones or my computer. But I have been using these basically 7 hours a day, 5 days a week for about 3 weeks now, and about once a week, they just stop. The computer and the headphones both still think they are connected, and the computer still shows the headphone protocol is in use rather than the communications protocol. Once, I was able to get the audio back by smashing the volume up and down buttons several times. This needs some more testing.
This was one of the easiest screen protectors to install. With the installation guide it was quick and easy.
Product works for a couple weeks and then it will stop working completely. This is with daily use Of eight hours plus. My iPhone Rarely says that it does not support device but after hitting OK it still works
The belt clip was broken when I received it. Ya it was used but could have checked to make sure it wasn't broken...
Nice case for the price.
Excellent product if used correctly. 4 stars because it doesn't quite line up with the case I have, but others have had issues with this on multiple cases on this phone. There are options available that work better with screen protectors. A tip for applying correctly - when you put the screen protector in soapy water, scoop out all the bubbles first. Also be sure to slowly place it on your screen to let all of the small bubbles move to the edges, and then hold the phone upright once the protector is positioned exactly where you want it. . Finally, try using the provided microfiber cloth between a credit card to GENTLY smooth the remaining water and bubbles out from the center of the screen to the edges. I like doing this somewhere with excellent lighting so you can see what you are doing. The protector gives a glossy finish and has no negative affect on my usage in any way. I have been using RinoGear protectors for a few years now and only seem to be disappointed when I use other brands.
I really love this pop socket, I've had it on my phone for about 3 months now and it still works! The only reason why I gave it 4 stars and not five is because it wasn't sticking to my case and would pop off so I couldn't rely on holding onto the pop socket to hold my phone. I superglued it to my case and it's stayed on ever since.
My daughter loves these with exception that edges kind of get black from rubbing on her jeans.
haven't used it yet, only reason I didn't give it 5 stars....yet.. but seems to be of good quality, fits well with the galaxy s5
This mount is a lot more solid than my last vent mount. The phone doesn't bounce around and it won't slide off when you go around curves. The side grips hold the phone securely in place and release on the touch of a button. Only drawback is the mount really blocks the air vent and due to the angle of my vents I can only clip it on the bottom level.
Like the case and it was easy to get in, only wish is that it came with some tempered glass but was able to easily order that seperately. Very good for the price.
Check blood pressure is not correct or almost close ,sorry I had to buy another thing to check mine...
Super long charging cable. Charges fast. I will definitely be getting more for the house.
I love the color! It's color is true to it's pictures. It doesn't come with the magnetic car mount as it would appear though; which is highly frustrating. Other than that I love the case. I've dropped the phone a couple times and it's done just fine.
I finally received the goods today, although the goods arrived some late but used it feels good, and the price is relatively cheap in the same kind of products.
Day One Review - When I unboxed them I noticed a rattle coming from the right earbud and was concerned that it might be broken. But regardless I paired them up and gave them a listen, both sides work fine and the sound quality is great for $30 Bluetooth earbuds, and the rattle isn't noticeable when I am wearing them but if you move them while not wearing them you can definitely hear it rattle. I would say it is worth the $30, the only issue so far is the audible rattle coming from the right side that isn't noticeable when wearing the earbuds.
This case fits perfectly. All the cutouts and buttons are in the right place. It feels soft to the fingers but is solid.
Good looking functional case. My only complaint is that it can sometimes be hard to discern between the side buttons by touch alone.
The case came in the mail quicker than expected and was very easy to install. Looks great and does it's job.
The product was not super easy to install but seems to be holding up well. The edges were slightly tought to keep down. Still a good product.
Good battery life. Very heavy
I like that this case was easy to put on, and color and design was nice, only thing that would have been better is if would have come with hard glass screen protector, not the cheap plastic. I hope I don't have to test to see if it saves my screen from cracking!
quality is good connects charges and syncs.
I've only had this band for about 18 hours now, but the difference in comfort between it and the rubber one that came with my watch is already very noticeable. Smartwatches are something of an experiment for me, because I've never really liked wearing a watch. I was about ready to give up on that experiment, but with this band I think I could wear it almost all the time and not care. That's not to say I don't notice wearing the watch at all, but the original band either slipped around or dug into my skin. This one is more finely adjustable and much softer. My only two complaints are that 1) it's cheaper-looking and 2) it doesn't come with installation instructions. The difference in comfort makes me not care as much about it not looking extremely stylish, but it does look like a nylon band. For installation, there's a QR code on the back of the box that takes you to the manufacturer's YouTube channel, but there's no video for this particular kind of band (at least at the time I'm writing this). Fortunately, it isn't too difficult to figure out, so I was able to get it installed anyway. I also can't say anything about its durability, because I've only had this for less than a day. I'll update this review if that becomes a problem. But if you're looking for a more comfortable band, I think this is an excellent one to consider.
Pros: 1. It's really easy to put on; just snap your phone in, and you're good to go. 2. I like the colors. 3. The buttons on the side work just fine. Cons: 1. There's no raised lip around the case, so you either have to try to use your own screen protector, or hope you don't drop your phone. The entire case is only one piece, also.
I'm going down the middle of the road FOR NOW because I just recently purchased item. I have used it to charge my phone twice so far and it appears to do it very quickly and not require to be recharged itself afterwards. I'll re-evaluate later.
This is not a screen protector in my opinion but I use it for extra protection with an additional screen protector
It's small and compact, but has extremely short range. Works great for tree work.
Slow charger for the macbook Pro because it isn't powerful enough but it still slow charges or maintains and allows you to charge other devices
A little bit on the thick side for wallet cases. Using the case as a stand is great. Holds cards and cash well. Can do wireless charging through the case which is great!
Fits like a glove and protects well
This item was purchased for my sister-in-law's iPhone to transfer photos from her phone to her computer. She said the product worked well and has no complaints.
I used this so I could put my touch screen radio in and it looks great, not the polished finish like the rest of the dash but still looks good installed
The problems I have is #1 you can't charge it in the case. I had to cut out to fit. #2 the belt case is not easy to use, very stiff
been working good one of the charges didn't work the 3ft :( .
This is hard for me to put on but looks great. It is very comfortable and cooler to wear in the summer heat.
Great case. I love it but was expecting more red. When in a certain light it tends to look more orangish.
Use it for my breadboard experiments
Cord doesnt stay in..
saved my screen from a few big scratches however i've changed them three times in less than a year where my last phone had the same protector for nearly three years without replacement
This charging case is really heavy! It's also thicker so it doesn't fit comfortably in your pocket. It works great once charged up. I can get a good 2 charges out of it for sure. It's slightly difficult to get off the phone but that's because you have to be careful not to bend the prongs.
This is a good item for the price. Don't expect an OtterBox, of course, but I have ordered this type of case for 4 phones now, and we are all very happy with them.
Good product; does the job; reasonably priced
Really love these earbuds. However, the first pair only last for about 30 days before the left bud unit would no longer maintain high sound quality. Amazon replaced the units without any hassle, and the new units arrived working beautifully. However, the second left ear bud unit also failed after about 60 days, and I have just initiated my second return. Sound quality of these earbuds is very good. I would recommend them, but the quality and durability seems to be lacking.
The product is what I expected.
I dislike how hard it was to take it off and put it on.
Love the Bluetooth works great with my iPhone
NICE COVER, GOOD FIT
it good to have if your from the kind that smack his watch everywhere, for me i scratch mine in first day. the case cover the body but it keep the dail exposed which is good to certain extend. it easy to install and doesn't look bad.
I purchased this bluetooth speaker because I have purchased this brand before and really liked it. This speaker is truly meant to be waterproof so you can go more places with it. It sounds really good I just wish it was a little bit bigger like the square one I purchased. Great product and reliable.
Card slot is a bit hard to open but otherwise is a nice case.
I cannot attest to the durability as I have only had it for a bit. It looks the same as the Garmin, all the way to the screws in the buckle. the rubber feels the same as the Garmin. The buckle is a different story. The edges are just about sharp enough to shave with (not really of course) and is tearing up the underside of my wrist. I'm hoping this will change as it breaks in but so far it has not. I'm also hoping this is a fluke and not how they all are because I really want to try other colors.
I have bought these in the past and worked great but this time they won't stick to my phones
Very pretty case and so far I have nothing disparaging to say about this case other than it seems to smudge easily. Very attractive case otherwise.
Will see how it holds up. Good price but I've only used it about a month. So far, good.
I purchased this for the lid. I find sometimes the lid gets in the way, needs a third position. overall this is exactly what I was looking for, protecting the screen. there are times when the lid gets in the way, needs a roll up position. I have also noticed that sometimes the lid does not stay open or closed. i have not had a near death experience and would purchased again
I used this phone as my daily driver for almost a year and bought another one for a family member. I remember when the phone was so buggy and laggy to the point where it was actually frustrating to use. But now, after many updates, the phone is as smooth as a Pixel. I'm currently on Android P with no issues as of yet. There are a few negatives though: camera leaves a bit to be desired, and signal with TMobile simply isn't what it is when an iPhone or Pixel. The bottom speakers are lacking bass, but are pretty loud overall. All in all, this is a great phone. Anything below $500 for this phone is a phenomenal deal.
Good no frills case. Simple, inexpensive & serves as a protective cove without paying the (crazy) prices at the phone store
Got 2 of these one for my kid and one for my husband. I now wish I had gotten one for myself and my mom too. While they take a while to charge in the sun, they work great and give me some peace of mind that my adventurous family won't be without a way to charge their phones when they are gone on long trips hiking or just away from a plug in.
Holds very well and looks cute.
There is no cutout to allow you to easily eject the physical key when needed. I had to cut part of the case so there was room to pull the key in and out. Fortunately it's easy to do and still keep the protection provided by the case.
Love this case! I have gotten so many compliments on the case. I will say that it catches finger print easily because of the metallic. Also it is prone to scratches but just be extra careful with it. I will say that you do have to press down a lil more than normal with this case. My favorite color is blue and the shade of blue is the nicest I have seen. I like that it covers the entire phone. Very easy to put on.
Nice looking case for the price
Purchased thru Amazon, a little tough to install, but overall a great product. It protects watch case & buttons very well. Great purchase!
It was a gift to my wife and she still has it.
This is a nice and reasonable case as far a price.... love the way it feels
The packaging and the design of the dashcam is very cool and professional. The only issue is that I had to go online and order the SD card and wait a few more days to be able to use the device. I wish the SD card was included so I could start using the device right away. Also, the charged has a long wire which is really useful.
Both the camera and the monitor were very well made, monitor provides clear good image,the resolution and picture are excellent both day and night.Easy controls on the monitor and menu. It is very helpful for parking, backing up safely and monitoring what's happening from behind.For the price I think the unit is worth to buy.
It's fairly well put together, the rhinestones look kind of flimsy, but for the protection it seems very good. And the magnet clap isn't super grippy to the point you have to fight it, but you can definitely put some cards and cash inside and it stay closed. Love it!
I bought the iPad version to play pubg and it came correctly which was nice. It made the games a lot easier and you just need to get use to it amd you could become pretty good at FPS games. The grip is nice and light but the one small problem was that the left grip came with a spring that was a bit loose so it wiggles a lot and pressed down on its own. Fortunately i was able to replace the small spring and now it presses down like the other handle.
the carrier should have a warranty
Have had to order additional cases because the top piece keeps coming off and gets lost. It would be convenient if this piece was available separately so we don't have to keep ordering the entire case. The case works fine. Seller was very helpful in getting replacements and was quick to respond to my emails.
Kit complete. Instructions difficult to read. I went as far as I could and took it to a repair shop. They only charged 25$ to complete. Phone works well.
Very nice case. Find myself using the kickstand feature more than I thought I would. Very cool!
Great case but it makes swiping or tapping towards the top or bottom of the screen hard for myself
Good deal. Fast shipping.
My case cracked in less than 2 weeks of having it. However, it was replaced quickly by the company when I notified them.
Great product. I'd give it 5 stars but it took almost 2 months to be delivered and I wasn't given any answers as to why. So if you don't need it ASAP then buy this. Really pretty design and durable.
It relatively easy to replace and seems to be working out. I will keep you posted on the durability.
I ordered their product and it arrived quickly and performed as expected. However, a week or so goes by and the swivel clip breaks, ☹. Contacted Fogeek about issues and they sent out a replacement item quickly! Once again satisfied with product AND their Customer Service. 😁
Yes, I would [and did] purchase this again despite I found the interior side [back of pouch] seams had split close to the bottom rear. I "repaired' it by melting the loose and exposed nylon edges with my propane torch, and then re-sealed the seams with a waterproof 'cement'. OK, good to go. Don't look too sharp, but it's functional and stayed together. I suspect it came apart because there was not sufficient sewn material overlap AND the manufacturer did not seal the nylon edges prior to sewing.
Seems to work pretty good so far
I have been wearing one of the bands for over almost a month now, and love it. Only down side is it has a metal clasp. So im careful when showering and take it off. Im sure it would be ok, but i play it safe.
Strong case, but stitching is coming undone.
I like that it is pink like i wanted & it comes with a screen protector. But it does get dirty fast bc i dont wear the black outerbox to it
A great phone case. Lightweight and fits my iPhone 6 perfectly. It came fully charged which was a nice bonus. Packaged with care. Very neat feature in that you press the button and the exterior lights on the case tell you how much charge the case itself holds so you know when it needs to be recharged.
It's great to be free from cords and wires. The headphones are built well and sound great.
Gave it 4 stars because the magnet does not work. 🙁. The magnet was the reason for my purchase. The upside is that both cases are really really nice. One hard and one with a more silicone feel. But a bit firm too. Love them tho. And also from the pic u will see that the second circle doesnt line up with the Motorola "M". Overall case quality is good.
I loved the color and overall case, but it is broken in the front now as well as the rubber comes out. It took a while and a dozen drops to the ground to do it, but it has cracks on each size as well.
I bought this because I had a trip to California, I was very happy with the sleek style every time I look at it, it's very easy for me to carry it anywhere with me, and two input is very convenient.
Gets hot, and has some weight to it. But smooth to the touch and sleek looking
Still doesn't quite fit the cup holder. Can't tighten it down enough to keep it from slipping.
It's very heavy, but works great
I have replaced my daughters digitizer a couple times now. This includes everything you nee, except directions. Look on youtube for how to replace this specific digitizer. Replacement took me about 15 minutes. My only negative is that the screen protector left about 1/16 in at the edges unprotected. The screen protector does not fit perfectly. Otherwise, this kit includes everything you need. It is not a hard project if you have the tools and knowledge. This kit includes the tools. Look to Youtube for directions. My daughter is quite happy with the new screen on her phone.
Cover is the kind that snaps on so there is no protection for the front of your phone but it is a pretty case and I only use it when I am going some place nice.
It was a good case but my phone didn't fit correctly
I love the design on it. It's amazing and looks really good in person. I've got three complaints tho, that's why I didn't give 5 stars. One front screen is very exposed. I'm still worried that if I drop my phone the front screen will break. Need to work on more coverage for the front screen as well. Two the buttons are kind of hard to push on the side. Hopefully over time this will become easier. Three (which is more a easy quick fix) oogie boogie isn't in the pic on the back. He should have been placed somewhere.
It's worked fine and was pretty good for the money we paid for it.
I got this mount because of three features. Reason Number one, the clamps to hold a phone is not limited to the thickness of a phone without a case or having a thin case. If you use a battery phone case or have a thicker case, this mount should be able to grab onto your phone. The second reason I got this mount was for the automatic opening and closing of the clamps. This allows for hands free clamping and makes your car feel like it has more premium tech. The third reason I got this was for the wireless charging. This is a very convenient way to keep your phone charged (if your phone or battery case has wireless charging capabilities) while using the phone as a GPS unit. Some shortfalls of this mount is the design of the sensor for automatically opening the clamps. If the sun hits the sensors directly and you pass through shadows (clouds, bridges, trees, buildings) and you don't have your phone in the mount, the clamps open and close repeatedly. This gets annoying after awhile. Another downfall of this mount is the holding force is not as strong as a some other mounts. If you are using a heavier case, the phone may slide and fall out as the car goes over bumps in the road. Overall, the mount is still pretty decent if you are looking for a mount with wireless charging. Keep in mind, if you plan on using the vent adaptor to mount in your car, the mount will shift depending on the type of car vents you have. I would recommend using the adhesive that the mount comes with to stick to your windshield or top of your dash.
This kit was easy to use and perfect for replacing the battery in my friend's phone.
Seems good for the price.
This product is easy to install. The plastic compartment that holds the phone opens up to the width of a large phone on one side. The butterfly elastic strap holds the phone securely. Customer service is excellent.
Works great even through a phone case
I just wished it had a small stand than it would have gotten 5 stars
Works as intended. Fast charging using the usb-c port. Good size.
Item as described, really fast shipping
I got this as a gift for my niece and she absolutely loved it. The colors are so pretty and the design is printed very nicely on the case. It fits perfectly.
I wanted to love this case but I just like it. When vertical it falls down the side that doesn't have the kickstand. Very annoying! I press play or playing a game and it tips over. The vertical position is great though. I can prop it and use it like a clock. I gave it 4 stars instead of 3 because I have dropped my phone a few times and, whew, no cracked screen!
This is a solid case for Essential Phone. I'm pretty happy with it, I used to go without a case before this on my older phones and I just don't really like cases but it's far too slippery the Essential Phone. I'm happy to say that this has a great fit and is all I'm looking for in a phone case, to protect and not really be noticeable. This case does that job.
This product was for my dad, who by the way dislikes cell phones very much and is not handy with technology. So getting this case was something I was concerned about because I was not sure if it would be to his liking. Well, it was!! It did its job of protecting the phone! I would recommend it
I love this battery case! It fits my iPhone 8plus very well. It stays charged for a long time.
This will charge four devices at a time. It is useful for times when guests in the home want to recharge several devices at a time. It makes a charging station for my wife and me where we can plug in phones and forget them until they are needed. Handy to make a place where the phones can always be found.
It's very comfortable, great for running because you can hear cars. I just wish the sound would be a little bit louder, but I guess that's the price to pay for not having in-ear headphones. I can't yet say anything about durability.
It fit perfectly, glad I got it.
Wish they held a charge longer than 3-4 hours as I really like then. But I need something that is at least 5-6 as I work 10-11 hour days. I don't mind charging once. But don't want to have to over and over each day. They are light, fit well and have a good sound. Will have to return and am sad to have to
Stuck very well. I am satisfied with my purchase
The colors aren't as vibrant as they are on the website. And I wish it was touch screen!
These worked with almost all of my items that I purchased these cords to power
Tools to remove case are weak and the suction cup doesn't stick good, my screen actually broke because the tools weren't any good. Now I have to pay $225 for an additional device copay.
Its not a bad set. They sound ok and are very comfortable. The wire is thick and durable. The sound isn't great but it is better than most cheap headsets at comparable price. They're good for gaming also.
Solid design, like the fact that it has a built in screen saver.
I use this cord in my car and everything has worked perfectly so far other than the fabric is starting to separate at the base but that doesn't effect how well it works. The light is nice when it's completely dark out and me find the end quickly.
I recieved this product today. I don't like how hard it was to put the case on! Also it's kind of hard to type on the phone now.
Fit really well and is mostly hidden behind mirror.
Picture quality is good. You have to make suction cup is very clean. The one thing I would like is a picture brightness adjustment.
As in the title, we were a bit nauseous as a result. Not sure of course if this is due to the nature of VR or because of the lens themselves. We tried a few VR apps and my friend complained that it got very hot (again, probably just because the phone started overheating). I don't really have any reference points (other headsets) and I heard it depends on the person, but I'll try it again later to see again. In terms of build quality, for the price, this is what I expect. I haven't tried the remote yet, but many of the features are pretty gimmicky. Much better than what a google cardboard would offer, but some of the features like taking phone calls aren't practical if I can't wear them for a long period of time anyway.
I pretty like this case. The only thing that bothered me was putting the case on and taking it off the phone.
Great phone. This is my second one since I broke the face on my old one. Even if another phone comes out, I still would stay with current phone.
Earplugs don't fit Otherwise I would give this a five. I like the way the kickstand works.
I was hopping something better from Caseology.
The Wireless Dongle works fine, but be advised that you cannot use the new Windows 10 app with it. You have to use the older application no matter how much the PC prompts you to upgrade -- do NOT do it. It just puts you in a loop of install and uninstall.
Really good case. Feels like actual wood. My only complaint is that the bezel on the top is not as tall as I wanted it to be -- this makes the phone not as protected if it falls screen down.
It flops around if you put it on a mountain bike but I screwed a plastic plate inside of it and now it works fine.
the only thing wrong is the belt clip keeps breaking
My only issue is the brightness of the LED. The LED is used to show the device has turned on, turned off, and in pairing mode. It is too dim to be used with a lighted room or outdoors. Otherwise it works just great.
These pairs for me have by far the best fit in all the wireless headphones that Ive had. The sound quality is okay, and it flickers a bit white running, so it is not the smoothest, however the battery is long lasting, the case makes it easy to cary, and the case also serves as a charger. It gets the job done, but it is not a 5 star product. Nonetheless for the price I think anyone would be satisfied
So far this case has covered numerous throws, drops, and falls. Slim fit allows chargers, aux cords and headphones to work great not hit and miss. Has not succumbed in all its travels along and to the ground to scrapes or scratches.
Just what I expected. Slim fit and seemingly decent protection...fingers crossed still haven't dropped the phone.
I love the color but it does scratch easily.
I thought I had cracked my screen but it was this product. Well done. Did not have to buy a new screen.
was a gift for my son phone
They do the job pretty well for the price point and I am satisfied with my purchase.
pretty case it just needs a screen protector
Fit well, good for my use. Wouldn't stand up to a lot of abuse though.
Was looking for thin yet protective case. This one does both. Love that the back is clear - you can actually see the phone back
fits well, great tool for removing links
We seriously always need cords, we never seem to be able to find them. These work well, just as they should. Ends are solid, feel like they should last. I've been spoiled with the braided cables, and realized when these showed up just how much I like the braided ones better. It doesn't make these cords bad, I just prefer the braided.
Haven't had it long enough to know.
A huge plus is it came with 2, just incase you messed up like I did installing the first one. The only hard part was getting the fingerprint sensor to adapt to the Circle adhesive they use but I got it right ....
It works perfectly but, having an iPhone, it doesn't "Fast Charge". If you read a review that says it does, don't believe it, I can definitely see the difference in charging speeds between this and my Anker PowerWave 7.5W which does Fast Charge. However the stand or pad versatility of this makes it a wonderful choice if speed isn't a necessity for you (such as for your bedstand to leave on at night).
This is to replace a similar product which I lost, and it appears to be equally waterproof.Tried the leak test seems to look good slight condensation around the edge at the top but I'm sure that will be ok as tissue inside was bone dry.Using for a holiday looks sturdy thanks.Tested these whilst in the garden pool and they worked brilliantly..
I recommend it. It looks great; however, my only complaint was the link remover tool. Both pins broke within a few minutes, so I ended up having to purchase a better quality one from Amazon. The actual appearance of the silver band is really nice, though! I really wanted something to make my apple watch look more professional for my office job, and this 100% did the trick!
The touch I'd doesn't work with it
Overall a nice pair of earbuds. I would just like to leave a piece of advice for future buyers that if a buzzing noise ever occurs reset the ear buds by going into the app and clicking the reset earbuds option. This occurred 2 days after using the earbuds and it just happened out of no where, where one earbud just left a buzzing noise.
Daughter loves the case but needed to make some holes for the plugs
the magnetic on the back of the phone is great, so be careful where you lay your phone like the washer, dyer anything metal. I like it very much
My uncle was pleased as long as his out dated phone worked...lol
As you can see from the picture, this was not installed in my car. It replaced a blown out cigarette lighter in my Airstream Bambi and, as such, had to be wired. Thanks to the very helpful folks at NAPA Auto Parts in Las Vegas, N.M. my installation was successful and the power inverter works fine. BUT . . . when I turn the inverter off, only the two 110 outlets go off; the four USB ports stay on. I had hoped that the entire device would turn off so as to draw zero electricity. I'll unplug it to accomplish that.
Overall the band is of good quality, however it takes some getting use to. I found that when I first wore it the straps wouldn't lay right so i readjusted it several time to no avail. I then had my husband put it on me as to me thinking that i wasn't positioning it right alone, however it kept become loose throughout the day. Great concept but it truly is a learning curve.
Stays closed and opens easily.
This portable charger is very useful!! It is not lightweight but this is not a problem for me. It does take a long period of time to be fully charged so I do this overnight however once charged it can recharge my samsung around 3 tines. I would recommend it!!! Note that it does not come with a plug for the wall, only a very short usb cord. Also I believe the performance may have declined a little since I purchased in October but this is not confirmed.
Best earbuds ever bought!
It looks good but it didnt completely cover the back camera len ( that is reason why i minus a star).
Pretty easy to install, I love that it covers the full screen and you keep getting access to the gestures that you have by swapping the edges of the screen, the installation kit and instructions are complete. I really recommend this product.
VERY NICE AND CLEAR VIEW WHILE UNDERWAY THEN WHEN STOP NOT TO CLEAR ANYMORE. TRIED TO ADJUST KHZ AND GAIN BUT DIDN'T WORK TO THE POINT THAT I WAS 100% SATISFIED
A little hard to apply without getting bubbles.
Wish I read better, this unit does not support apple carplay. Really wanted one that did. There are other Pioneer decks that do for about the same money.
used the product in my camcorder batteries. Works great.
This charger looks more expensive than it is which I like. It charges fine, although a bit slower than other wireless chargers I've used. It also has a very short cord which makes it difficult to place depending on how far away your electrical outlet is. I would still recommend for the price.
Wrong product ordered. I returned it but the rubber was too soft anyway. I couldn't use it but based on feel and flexibility of the rubber, I can't give it five stars
I recently bought a jetta tdi to drive back and forth from louisiana from alabama and i wanted a cd player that has bluetooth capabilities so i bought this one to and i am glad i did and its very eazy to use
Great product. Bought a second one. And got the rest of my family on the same charging cable.
I was pleasantly surprised that this device came with THREE charging methods: Micro-USB, USB-C, and solar. I love that I can use the same plug to charge my phone to charge the charger! (It works both ways.) The battery holds a significant amount of storage but is quite large. Give and take. Still makes a great stowaway on most camping trips. The wireless charging pad is a bit tricky to master and that gives it 4 stars. (Compensated Reviewer)
Great product. Great price. I would have given it a five it had the ability to track if they were misplaced or dropped.
I like this product because is light, simple, easy to clean and protects my phone pretty well. It is available in assorted colors being the pastels my favorite.
Comes with 4 pcs!! Very easy to put on gadgets.. very sturdy for my ipad.. love the colors!!!
Slim, protective, the kickstand is actually useful. I have no issue wireless charging with it and it's saved me from a couple of drops already. Only gripe is, it's a bit too slick in the hands.
Have owned this for 2 years, still happy with product. Only complaint is a small one - it was a little difficult to program originally and had a little trouble with reception but I believe this is due to living in a rural area. We just had to find the best spot in the house to position it for the best reception. Now, it works perfectly and we pick up everything.
Slim basic protection. I've had several Caseology cases for different phones and have been pleased with all of them.
I like it and works great and makes it easy
Good cover for camera lens
As others have said the case doesn't have the best grip. The hard plastic exterior frame in particular is hard to hold on to, especially if you have larger hands. I personally prefer hybrid cases for their added protection and this one has already done its job when dropped from chest height onto asphalt my phone survived completely and the case had only minor scratches. So it definitely does its job but I will be looking for something with a better texture once it because too scratched up.
Beautiful case and worth the money. The glitter backing is extremely rough on the hands.
Received it quickly in the mail. Easy to put on, no problems so far. Will update I'd I have any issues going forward.
Nearly perfect. Holds two cards, three is squeezed in. Solid construction. Only complaint, its a bit too slippery. I'd still buy another but it needs a little something to make it easier to hold in hectic or cramped situations.
Is the first time i have a clear case for my phone, i just hope it doesnt go yellow with the time, so far everything ok!
The case is perfect and it goes well for females the color is also wonderful
Screen protector was trash. The case itself is great and does it's job perfectly and doesn't feel bulky or irritating to my pinky.
Happy with the product. Fast shipping
While this case is durable and has done a great job protecting my phone, my one complaint is that it looks dirty over time. The clear silicon seems to stain and look a little dingy.
Arrived promptly with all parts for both vent and dash mounting. Easily mounted on dash, but not able to connect to venting. Depth of fins was too much. Also only mounts on horizontal fins. Dash mount holds over rough terrain over several days. Has been attached for 45 days without any loosening or bobble. Allows for charging cord to be utilized while phone is in place. Highly recommended for a dash mount.
i really purchased this product to have as a means to boost my car off after it died on me in the drive-thru line in the bank and i had to ask someone to give me a boost. the gentleman who assisted me came had a halo and he recommended getting one, giving the product rave reviews. while i have not had to use it for that purpose, i did charge my phone, bluetooth and tablet in a short amount of time. i like that it comes with a carry bag for the charger and booster cables and that it fits in the glove department of my car easily. i also really liked the black paisley design. it's a sleek looking device. i gave it four stars because i haven't had to use it to boost my car and don't know how it will perform under those conditions. should i need to boost my car, i will return with an updated review.
I like the different options for the front light. You can use either the single large light or the smaller side lights or all three at once.
There are no air bubbles stuck in the screen, which is a big thing for me. Air bubbles can be irritating, especially when other people ask about them. I gave it a 4-Star rating though, because shortly after getting the case it cracked because something was in my pocket while I was jogging. However, my actual phone screen is perfectly safe, so it does its job well.
I thought the cell phone rings would have been a little heavier they also don't spin as smoothly. Overall it helps my phone from dropping.
Works great. Two problems I have had: 1. Occasionally the volume although super low while I am wearing headphones, suddenly blasts to high. And even when I turned down/off the volume, it wouldn't stop until I paused the music. So be super careful with kids. I would feel horrible if my daughter was listening and it jumped up high like that and hurt her poor ears. 2. It came with some sort of scratches in the screen. They only show up when what is being displayed on the screen is black, or almost black. Otherwise, they are almost impossible to see. I don't mind, except that my phone was brand new, so it should be without flaw... But I don't see it much, so I don't really care.
I buy three of these every couple of months. I have tried other low-cost Chargers and they all suck compared to this one I use my Chargers very often as I play multiple phone games as well as use my other phone for work for 8 hours non-stop So eventually they do end up bending and not charging my phone as often as I should but I do use them a lot so I understand that but I would say they are super reliable for people who just said their phones down and let it charge this is a great product and the only one that I use because of affordability and quality
Much better than stock, wish there was more bass, but not bad!
Excelent and fast delivery
While still new to me, I appreciate the volume strength and advice in lane selection.
I took some awesome pics in Paris with the wide lens. You just have to angle your lens to get some of the black space away. I have a iPhone XS
It was a gift for my mom, no complaints
This product worked great for what I needed it for. The only issue I had with it, was the remote. I may have overlooked, in the description, that the zoom buttons are for Android only. Not that played a major in my purchase of this product, but it would have been nice to use on my iPhone. Also, if you're looking to attach a microphone, you will need to have an adapter for that. Other than that, I like the flexible tripod, and camera pole. Both are great to use, if you like creating videos or vlogging.
I liked the slick & beautiful design of charger and the LED light which glows up when it is on. 2 USB charging cables for iPhone and Type-C ports. And on top of that both USB ports can be used simultaneously. Only thing can be improved is its size.. it looks little bigger but its worth..
Love it. Easy to install with instructions. Seems to protect my iphone perfectly.
Works great! Good deal glad I ordered this
Great until they didn't work 8 months later. Hope they have a warranty
I try to use an item for a short period before i consider writing a review. I've been issuing this case for right at a month. Putting the case on and off: The case is a tight fit. That is good for the long run. It is moderately hard to get on and off. Why off? You need to clean your phone inn occasion. I work maintenance, so lots of dust. Armor on top of armor, I'm not worried. I've cracked all but two phones out of six. One was stolen, so no chances to break it. The only complaint I have is the buttons. The button covers are flush with the case making the buttons difficult to use.
They worked well for two hours. Then, the right earphone went out randomly during playtime. Kind of disappointing. However, I contacted support and they gave me a timely response and issued a refund. I hope that my earbuds were just a fluke and the ones I reorder turn out a bit better.
I had almost the exact case for my S7. Fit is perfect. No drops so far but my other case survived several from 4 foot or less onto pavement with no phone damage so I would expect the same from this. Easy to hold and activate the buttons.
Is very durable and protective, All sides of the phone are protected
Nice and long came with a nice little cable tie to keep them organized. Awesome!
Love that this comes with a screen wipe and applicator kit. Very easy to apply with no bubbles. A little more curve on the edges would have earned this 5 stars but with my case it works really well. No need to worry about scratching the surface of the phone. Good product for the price.
Sleek, Slick, and Sexy! The only improvement that I would suggest is a better grip.
Great product for this price range! The sound quality is awesome, and it pairs super easily. The only downside is that the battery life isn't the best. I listen/make calls around 2-3 hours combined daily and end up needing to charge the earbuds every other day. It fits the price range though and I would recommend.
I think this would be a great case for some people such as women with a purse. It is way too big for my hands with this on it. It's not comfortable in a pocket as a result. Seems well made and is a great looking case just not for everyone. Also it is not compatible with pop socket. The back is a soft rubber so a pop socket will not adhere. I thought it was hard rubber or plastic when I ordered but the back panel is very soft rubber
The fact that they take an SD card
Like the product but it took to long to get it.
Have had this case for about 4 months now and it looks like I have had it for 4 years. The outer silicone is sooo dirty. I am a very clean person and am very careful with my phone and I am so disappointed that it's already so dirty. Love the quality just really wish the color wouldn't get dirty sooo easily.
My son loves it! He wouldn't put it down. The second battery was a pleasant surprise.
While not being the fastest chargers out there its a great little charger especially for the price. These are a fantastic option if you want a charger in every room your home. Super slim and they look great as well
I've had this case for almost 2 months or so now, it's pretty sturdy. I do like it a lot, the only downside is, it scratches easily.
Set up was easy, sounds are great...
Great buy oem fit stylish, would've gave it a five star but has slight rattles noise when phone is not mounted.
Be sure to watch the video. Very helpful!! Be careful to completely clean the screen!
Exceptional battery life. Case is thin, so it's not a complete brick. Ports and cutouts are fine (including wide angle camera). However, the case makes volume buttons finicky and may trigger accidental presses. It does not provide much screen protection if phone is dropped on its face.
I was so excited to get this Charger as a friend had one and raved about it. I have only had it since early March and maybe used it 3 or 4 times. Last week (early April) I went on vacation and took this thinking I would be covered in case I didn't have places to charge my phone (airport, not enough outlets, etc.). I was pretty disappointed that it wouldn't work at all. The battery pack is fully charged and neither the lightning charger or the auxiliary port are working. I didn't drop it, get it wet or anything. It stayed in a pocket in my purse and that was the only thing in there. I have zero idea why it stopped working and so I just got back from vacation and missed my window on returning it. I gave it two stars because when it worked it did a great job. Update. I guess I must have gotten a defective one. Ugreen read my previous review and replaced the defective product even though it was outside of the return period. Thanks
I loved how fitting the case was to my IPhone 7 Plus. It's really lightweight, yet durable.
This is my first time DIY screen replacement and it's not very hard. The screen quality is good but the instruction makes me feel confused when I installed.
Bought it for my son. It's very light and feels well built. Screen is large and the phone is fast. What I don't like is that it has its main memory already full with many apps and there's little to non space for new apps. I bought an external SC card, maxed to 32GB only to learn that I couldn't move any of the apps already loaded. Has been a pain to add more apps to the phone!
A little bit uncomfortable at the first couple times, but when you get used it, it will not bothering anymore. Pretty good looking and high quality, for this price, it's perfect lost in one month...
Works for what was purchased for, although it is a snug fit. Witch isn't horrible, because the original fit bit charger slips out a lot.
This thing is goofy as all heck. People will stare at you and most likely your friends will make fun of you too. However if you need something for the plane then this will work fine. Once you bent it a few times it is pretty hard to get back straight but it can be done if you are bored enough. I used it a lot on my trip to China but as I said people will stare lol.
Compact and easy to access
Looks great but tends to shift diagonally a little and blocks the crown and corners of screen
Very cute neck band ear buds works perfectly stylish light weight and confortable to wear them, the quality sound is great love them.
sadly, I miss positioned this in my suitcase and it did not survive a flight. But before that , was working great.
This is a good charging unit now I just have to carry one instead of two units makes things a lot sampler...
They stick very well. Nice tread feel. They are kind of ugly though.
Had them for a while now and they still work. That's all I was expecting!
Very pretty. Not as sparkly as I expected. I thought it would look more like sequins. Its pretty much glitter. But it is pretty and fits my phone perfectly.
I had bought one of those thicker glass screen protectors but the problem was it was so thick that it interfered with typing and swiping. This is plastic so it's a lot thinner. It won't do much good in a fall or anything like that but it does help keep fingerprints and grease off the screen. If you're careful it covers the visible parts of the screen. The good thing is I didn't have to take off the case around the phone or trim the edges of the screen protector. But it was a little annoying to apply; the first attempt it came unstuck when I tried to peel the second layer off the top. But it eventually went on well enough and there are only a couple of air bubbles that aren't really a problem. It doesn't interfere with my typing or swiping so it's good enough. And the price was good considering there are six of them.
Attenna works fine but glue was facing up instead of facing down. Quality seems bit less than OEM part.
Does not slip even though its smooth and
a replacement it works
Good product. Requires adjusting to touching pressure. Updated: The phone slid off a table that was jarred. The film prevented my phone screen from breaking. It now has 4 cracks and smashed corned where the phone hit the floor. The cracks are visible at an angle. You however cannot feel them as you run your finger over the surface. I wonder how long before the cracks surface.
I can't believe I'm giving 4 stars to a $4 case but here I am. I ordered it like hey who care 4 bucks for a backup phone case, but then I put it on and started playing a game and I was shocked. My wife has a slim tpu case and it's flimsy and I hate it. This is different. The textures added to the surface are really smart. They add grip and keep the whole thing from being too glossy. In fact the glossy parts are small enough that you can't tell if there's any smudging from fingers. It's very pleasant to hold. I was also able to adhere a metal plate to the back of it for my magnetic car mount. Can't believe the $15 case is now the backup. Minus 1 star because it looks like what a third world country designer assumes an American executive would want.
Have had product for just a couple months and the screen protector has started to crack around the edges. Would love to know how to get replaced using lifetime warranty.
This product fit very nicely in my screen. It was easy to follow the instructions on how to install it.
Love it. Minimalist cover for my iPhone X. Great price. Good quality product. As advertised.
Pros: +long battery life, around 11 hours +fits comfortably in ears, no soreness after extended use +earbuds never have came out on me, even on long runs with sweating, or when using bench press +no issues with connectivity with devices Cons: -No real instruction in manual on how exactly to wear these, took a little practice at first
I use this with my iPhone XR And so far I'm Very Satisfy
Looks just like the picture! The whole case is very smooth and soft. Gave it a 4/5 because the top left corner pops out of place often. Also, with the type of material it's made out of, I'm afraid it's going to scratch or get messed up soon. Had it for a month though and so far so good!
Pros: -Fits the iPhone 11 well and goes with the purple iPhone. -Buttons are clicky and responsive -good size slots for speakers -the lightning port cut-out is large enough for 3rd party chargers -mute switch cut out is large enough for sausage fingers -Built-in screen protector -easy to install -qualified for free same-day prime shipping Cons: -Adds a fair bit of weight and bulk to the phone -appears pinker in person, oddly making my purple iPhone appear bluer??? -Large raised bezels around the edge of the phone make for more difficult swiping (especially if you have sausage fingers like me) -It doesn't feel "cheap" but it doesn't feel like an "extreme protection" case either. I certainly wouldn't want to drop this face-down. Overall Thoughts: It's good for the purpose I bought it for... just a temporary case that qualified for same-day shipping while I wait for my Mous Clarity case to arrive. I don't think this would be my daily use case, just because I don't like how overly bulky it makes my phone feel. If you like a case with some extra bulk and some pretty designs on the back and don't need any "extreme drop protection" then this might be the perfect case for you.
My wife got new a phone stands for my office desk a while ago but I couldn not charge my phone while it was on the stands. This stands is soooo much better. You can easily charge the phone and see it all day looks nice too. It's fully metal construct is very doable but you can also adjust it slightly by bending the frame.
It's a great replacement for my iPhone X,perfectly covering the entire screen.Smooth surface,quickly installed, and no bubbles.very good
Use it for one of our bathrooms and it works quite well. I bolted it into the vanity for added longevity and durability. Very nice finish. I'm pleased with this item and would definitely order again.
Great case, only thing I didn't like was the back is not clear it's blurry and makes my white phone look silver. Not what I was hoping for but it's still a sturdy and very slim case.
I can now take pics without struggling to hold the phone and push the button at the same time
Easy to install. High quality product. Reasonable price. Great presentation. Paid a little more. The install template is a great touch and what sold me on the product, but I might have designed it a little differently to where it had some sort of a drafted face to self locate the screen protector. This one sort of just acts like a frame that you drop it in. It works too. Just my only (minor) gripe. I'd buy again and would recommend for sure.
I don't have anything negative to say about this case. For the money, it's fine. It's a bit harder than my other cases and I did think it was going to come with a screen protector. The protector was blue? So there's that. It didn't work. But if you are looking for a decent case to protect your phone, this is it.
Bought this in the peach/pink color. I like it because it's thin. The only downside is that the rubber shows dirt and is unable to clean.
Works good, but doesn't seem to have the power my old dinosaur of a hand mixer had that I bought back in the early 90's. Happy with it, though.
Great looking case, but I have to say that it's pretty slippery. Would be perfect if it had better grip.
I liked Spigen products, great fit, good protection from drops. However, a mixed responsibility of Spigen and Samsung S8 is Bixby and volume buttons are so close together, with flush rubber buttons, despite Spigen tried to add ridges to bixby button, I hit it way too often while trying to adjust volume. should put a bump on the volume up button to further distinguish volume button.
Works like factory charger
I would have given it 5 stars if it's not for the two tiny bubbles. I followed the instruction to the letter, and yet, there are still two small bubbles that I can't get rid of.
This had already saved my phone from a lot of falls. The rubber grip lines have already starting peeling off in the first 2 weeks though.
The protector works great. The directions and the supplies to clean to glass before applying were not great. I needed to use directions and supplies from protector I had used for another device.
They work well on smaller, less heavy phones. Bigger phones like the S10 plus they work ok. If I hit a bump in my truck it will usually fall off my Scosche magnetic mount.
Holds what I need it to hold. Easy to use. All around solid case.
I was looking for a case that had easy side buttons to press, having gotten two prior ones that were too difficult for me to manage with chronic forearm tendinitis. While the case is very basic and not particularly attractive, it's very slim, light, fits the phone well, and does what I need it to do.
The supcase is easy to put on but not as easy to take off. The protector gets scratched and marked up and is hard to get clean. The touchscreen is kinda hard to get used to have to press a little harder. Ive dropped it a couple times and never had the screen crack yet. Good and sturdy otherwise, cant complain much for the price. If i bought another one it would be without the protector.
Seems to be a great product for the money. I'm by no means professional but this has worked great on upgrading my camper electronics
Seems that we always need more chargers. This one will charge several at a time and is compact.
Good case so far that is very slim to the phone. I like that there is not a very bulky case around the phone to hide the beauty of the iPhone, but you can tell there is protection. I have not dropped the phone yet to test and hope not to lol. Aces so far.
Looks JUST like an authentic LV cover! No one can tell. I get compliments all the time too! It's very well made! Very happy with it!
I like the vr built in headphones.You need to download 3D app or find 3D videos on You Tube to watch, but it's worth the money.I don't know how to express my word, it is amazing watching video. Well built.
A great stand for my iPhone. I use it at night and it is perfect for what I need it for. I use a Steelie in my truck so it is a perfect companion for it.
The item arrived on time and in a good condition and it works great. Also I will continue to purchase from this company in the near future.
The Spigen Thin Fit is in my rotation on every phone I buy.
The quality of the product is good. It's fits nicely and easy to apply. This is by far the best experience that I had when buying glass screen protector online. Will definitely purchase from this seller again.
I was looking for cable and luckily I found this from Amazon. I like how it comes with three in a pack and I can tell the material is durable and well made. Considering the price, that's a great buy!
Just what I wanted. Arrived on time.
We have 7 of these cases and they work great! So far it's been a great product!!
Speechless!!! i cannot believe i haven't heard of this before, Best Quick portable charger with the convenience to charge my device on the go! the design is so slick and the device fits right in effortlessly , It charges up extremely fast and has a great feel to it as well, Must have for anyone with a Juul Device
Works as described with my Fitbit.
Love this radio...gets great reception and sound for a little radio at $12!
Does what it is supposed to do, and has a standard micro USB plug, a plus!
This is a great, inexpensive wireless charging pad. It's the first one I've owned so I can't compare it to anything else, but it charges my Pixel 3 just fine. My only gripe is that the phone needs to be completely centered on the pad in order for it to charge. Other than that, it's been great.
Love that it streamlines 2 of our watches and I like that they aren't on the table.
Easy to install with a supporting frame, scratches free. Screen is only visible when looking perpendicular to it. This is really good when you want to keep your stuff from being seen by others
I have had many Bluetooth's and this one is the best so far. The sound barrier has been the most important part. When I have both ear buds in I cant hear any outside voices or anybody close to me in distance. It's important to me. My boyfriend is in Texas and when we video chat I need to hear him and only him and these allow me to do just that. Thank you wireless earbuds.
Makes my tower blue tooth- I thought it was useless after the iPhone changes to the input no longer mate.
I tried this product as kind of a "why not?". I've had digestive issues for several years, and frequently get upset stomach and indigestion. These pills have really helped mitigate my digestive discomfort and I feel noticeably better after meals when I take them. I'm going to start having my husband take them as well.
I bought this one as a backup as binding tends to wear down. But I have another one like this and I've had four 5 months. Still works great.
I have a Note 8 but this was too cute to pass up. The buttons are slightly off on the sides but still easy to use.
I took the phone out of its box and immediately put the screen protector on, so I didn't even have to clean it. It's pretty good, not exactly as good as a bare screen, but you get the protection. For me, not worrying as much about dropping the phone is important enough to give up the tiny amount of touch that is lost with any screen protector.
Very good value for the price
I live how easy it is to stick it into the AirPods. The actual skins are really nice and durable and I especially love their lifetime replacement guarantee which is great for people that worry they might mess the stickers up
I ordered this one for my daughter's new phone and a completely different one for mine. I hate to admit that hers is so much better! It's clear, shows off the color nicely, gives a feeling of a sturdy protection and cheap! Very satisfied with the purchase!
Awesome stuff. Works great. I keep ordering only because she keep dropping the phone in the toilet. I recommend to everyone. Good job guys!
Purchased for my husband, he absolutely loves it. Easy to insert his phone and take it out. Keeps phone secure with Velcro closure. Simply AWESOME
Anker has become my favorite go to brand for cell phone accessories. This charger works great and is just what I need!
Yes, I cleaned my phone surface correctly HANDS DOWN THE BEST SCREEN GUARD FOR YOUR PHONE Do not hesitate to buy this product, it is the best screen protector out in the market I have never installed a screen protector myself before and although it should be simple I have seen enough bubbles and badly aligned protectors to know it isn't as easy as it looks This is my second purchase Much easier to install than the plastic type
I like that it's not to tight on my wrist.
She has lost some motion in her hands and this works great!
Looks just like the pic. A little tricky to open at first but not hard to figure out. Even has rounded edges for the 9plus features. Very happy with purchase , highly recommend.
Fits amazing and is protective. And the buttons even stay shiny.
Nice screen protector. Privacy screen works well at side angles. Would recommend it to others because it also covers the top and bottom portion and not just the screen.
I love these bracelets for my Fitbit. They are easy to install and comfortable to wear. Plus you can't beat the price.
If you use plug in headphones this is a must need if you also need to charge your phone. This solves the issue with using the Apple earbuds all day on calls and being able to charge your iPhone as the same time.Well made,Sturdy, and seem to be working well. works fine in my iPhone 7 plus.
works great for a good price- all you really need -
Great quality. Dropped my phone down cement stairs and the screen protector barely cracked in one corner. Would definitely purchase again. Very easy to install as well.
Good phone over and good price
Great item. Take your time in applying and take your time in lining up as out by any will not work with cases. I have an otterbox defender and it's perfect. I used a little bit of heat to help it set on the edges. I brought 2 x boxes but used 1 box in learning how to apply and My mistake but got a spare protector when I'm ready should I need to replace.
Exactly what we needed. Replaced an old broken case. Now the classic iPod is back in its protection.
Multiple sizes so works well for charging in kitchen, or near the bed. good product, not too costly and works well.
Watch band and case works great, mine cracked underneath at set screw. Just had to purchase another one so I didnt loose my watch.
Screen protectors are a must for any device that has a breakable front. I drop my phone a lot...... I'm a clutz. I also have weird ocd so when I apply a screen protector I will go crazy if it is not exact. The tray really helped out! I haven't dropped my phone so I can't say how it is durability wise. It arrived quickly.
The best thing about this screen protector is the privacy. As advertised this protector gives the privacy so it's hard to see the screen from the different angles than straight. The screen protector works perfectly on my phone. I would definitely buy again!
Will definitely recommend! Best charger cord
It changes fast, and for my cellphone
I like the fact it has an area for credit cards.
Helpful; drop my phone much less now, Lol. Plus, if you fidget, it comes in handy! Lol
Exactly what I was expecting!! Great product!! Thank You!! 👍👍👍👍👍
This might be the smartest device I have. It is the perfect size for my car, was easy to assemble and keeps my iPhone 7 in plain view.The instructions for fitting the device came ahead of time which made the entire experience a pleasure.
I have both the black and clear silicone versions. The black is very slippery, but the clear silicone has some grip to it. Yes, its a fingerprint magnet and gets greasy when use, but a quick wipe down with a barely damp cloth restores the texture. The kickstand is easily the best I've ever used and super sturdy.
This is a fantastic charger for the price. I just now found out that the iPhone 8 and onward can be fast charged with a USB-C PD charger. Paired with a good USB-C to Lightning cable the combo charged my iPhone 8 from 2% to 57% in 37 minutes. Towards the end of the charge- 90% onward...the charging speed is slowed- but this is normal for most chargers. If you are in a emergency situation or need your phone charged fast- this item will do it. Very happy with purchase.
Excellent Quality - They look great on all desk of my wife office and home too - Everyone ask where I bought it...
I love this case especially the little hearts in the back that move in some kind of fluid. Now my sister wants one
it hooks up easy with my hero 5 camera.
The Phone that I received in the mail if I had not known seemed brand new right out of the Box runs great looks great
They work really well
high quality, easy to install
This wall charger is so great.It's a good idea to buy it again.I like it .
issues getting it to stick. will figure it out
Those headphones are light, comfortable and convenient. I use them to listen the music while working. I am very satisfied with the volume and tone quality.
I was looking for a case that would be thinner and lighter than the one I had for my last iPad. This one fit the bill. Was delivered a day early, and the quality was just as advertised. Well worth the cost of admission. 5 stars for both the quality and the quick delivery.
Mobile phone bracket is fashionable and elegant in appearance and fine in manufacturing process. Its material is very good. It has no irritating taste. It is very easy to install. It will not block my sight when placed on the car. It is a very practical mobile phone bracket.
can only use one at a time
Great case for my 7 year old boys IPhone. Have been on for a couple weeks now and not having any issues with. Has helps up to a mountian camping vacation so far.
I go to the pool a lot so I keep my phone in them. I also use it under water when I snorkel.
Overall, a great case. I've only used it for one day, but it seems like a tight fit. Most importantly, it's slim enough to fit well in my pocket, but the outside edge seems thick enough to provide great protection if (when) I drop it. Would recommend purchasing.
Cute little kit and the carrying pouch is nice. Bought for my best friend. We used YouTube to pull a video on how to repair her iphone screen. Since it was our first time, it probably took a bit longer than someone who isn't quite as meticulous but we were able to replace her phone screen just fine, saving her money in the process since we didn't have to go to a mall kiosk. If you have a habit of damaging your iphone screen, this should be a must-have for you. I need one for my Samsung!
I'm a truck driver & this does way better than the ones that are actually for a truck...for 75% less in price!
I was very happy with the quality of this. Awesome looking and great quality. Great buy for their cost. I recommend this item.
Great for holding my iPad as a music stand. Very sturdy and stays in place.
Very study feeling doesn't feel cheap. Works great.
Soon received Nice power cords. Very well made, strong cords. A great replacement for apple cords that fall apart at the connection between the cord and the tip. Easy to use. Great replacement cable at good price If I need them again, I will definitely buy from the same company. Good product. I want to take the company and work with my colleagues These things are tough and well made
Classy... easy to size.. you can wear it with jeans or out on the town it is a basic piece in my professional jewelry as well!!
Covers fit well on my Garmin 520. Buttons all operate smoothly. Nice item.
Very nice product, worth for money
It works and looks great. :)
Applied to Samsung Now 8 and right side of the screen (edge) does not respond very well to fiber touch. It does respond the way it should when the pen is used.
As expected. Works OK.
Could not tell from new and the battery lasts for days
Nice fish finder just wish it was a little bigger
Excellent quality, super durable and nice compact size. This was exactly what I was looking for and will most likely buy a second one for my home office.
My son loves this. He's 29 and immediately put it on and fired it up. Great gift!
This case is very slim, fits the phone perfectly!
I've only had it a short time, so far it is working great. Easy to assemble fits great.
Very strong I'm sure this will protect your phone from the heaviest drops.
I was very happy to receive the goods. It was very good on the grade. It was especially suitable after installation. The picture was clear, the operation was simple and easy to understand. I didn't let me down. The last one was not clear. There is no problem with this. Very good, cost-effective is still very high, recommended to buy, all praise service is very thoughtful.
Love it! We are trying to get some security set up in our house since we have a little one on the way and this is perfect for the nursery as a clock that no one would suspect is a hidden camera. The picture quality is great and the app is super easy to use. We would definitely buy it again and might have to get some more for our house.
Looks as good as an Otterbox at a fraction of the price
Good quality with low price. The logistics is very fast. I'm glad I chose this! heavy duty cable, works well The point is that the resilience of this Anker cable is incredible. The value of the product. The husband is very satisfied with it. It's a great gift This is a nice cable!
It was very nice!! Loving it!
Exactly what I wanted, closes and stays closed, not to big and phone fits nice and tight.
I have an Anker powercore 2 20000 and it charges it very rapidly. In about 4-5 hours which is much faster than my standard wall charger.
Nice and sturdy! Makes your Night Stand look Elegant. Takes care of all your Apple products! Will defiantly have this in mind for giving this as a gift to friends and relatives!
This cord would probably last 100 years. Extra long too. Great job!
Great cords I would like to see my cat chew through this one
Great case, had it for about 4 months now and no scratching!
it's not a Gitzo but. 7 ft max height, Plus it is also a Monopod, about 6 ft. very well made. heavier than I would thought. Great head, all works very smooth. Also, handle on tripod and includes carry case. I have no regrets. VERY HAPPY with purchase.
Perfect product and very fast shipping A+ Amazon seller.
Fit my phone perfectly. Slim case just what I wanted.
i have a canon rebel and these work perfectly! What a lifesaver extra batteries are.
That Bluetooth is a Very good one,I talk a lot to people in Jamaica while going to work in New York.I am living in Newark nj.I would recommend it to anyone .
Haven't used it yet. All items received are & look like good quality.
Really like this replacement band. The magnetic clasp seems to be pretty strong.
Works great good picture on the front camera good picture on the rear camera easy to work with the touchscreen on the mirror
Case is sturdy and even came with 2 screen protectors. Great for the price!
It's a really pretty cover and the fact that they showed what each color phone looked like under the design really helped me choose the perfect cover. It's textured on back, so it helps grip the phone and I'm very pleased with it.
Really like this case. Fits perfect and seems to be of good quality. Perfect for protection whilst still looking clean and classic. Great case.
I've been looking for a budget friendly smartwatch and this one hit the spot. It amazes me how a small device can bring so much convenience. The dial and messaging functions really well. Just make sure to connect your smartwatch to your phone thru bluetooth and everything will sync up.
bought this for a 12 hour car ride and it worked perfectly the entire time and has worked perfectly in everyday life. Highly recommend
It's a good phone for the price. Thanks.
Great quality, exactly what I expected no complaints.
Lots of fun as gifts, I gave bunches of them away and everyone loved them. Make great party favors also.
I get compliments on this case all the time, especially paired with a matching pop socket. I've had this case about 6 months and it has held up very well. I dropped my phone today so hard it bounced, and luckily doesn't have a scratch.
Fits good and looks great! No complaints.
I purchase this Dual USB Wall Charger because I needed it in my bathroom to plug in my LED USB Mirrors without take up another outlet. It served the purpose very well and I am very happy with it. No more will I have to switch cables. This is a great product.
I've had these lights for about 4 months now. They where very easy to install and look great! I haven't had any problems with the lights. I have recently lost the remote and contacted their customer service where I was helped by a very nice lady! If I got another car I would definitely bye these again! The only con is the remote can be easy to lose if you often misplace stuff.
Nothing to dislike, just fine
Just opened the box up, and it paired easily with my Lenovo Tab4 10.1 tablet (Android 7, 2017 model). Its size works well with a 10" tablet--see attached photo. So far, so good 10 minutes after setting it up. Will update review as I get more experience with it.
Definitely protects phone good , still haven't broke my screen after dropping several times
I wrote about this wrong article thinking it was another similar one that I bought weeks ago and it came out bad. This on the contrary I just started using it and it looks much better quality. I love
Great screen protector. Saved my screen more than once.
I would recommend this stand to all of my Apple Watch using friends. Especially for the price. Inexpensive but not cheap looking. The base is absolutely stable and sturdy. Easy assembly. It's just Perfect.
Love it. Can't even tell I have a screen protector on.
Looks nice for the cheap price I paid.
Looks good on my watch
Great quality glass screen protector. So much better deal than getting it at the cell phone store. The screen is a nice thickness and is super easy to apply. You don't have to mess with any bubbles or anything. Great price and great screen protector!
Very nice looking case for the iPhone x! Have clear cut outs for charging port, speakers, headphone jack, camera and also the apple logo! Nice feel
This charger is awesome!! I have no issue charging my iPhone8+ with the case. For a while, I have been looking for a wireless charger that can charge my phone without have to remove the phone case. I bought one prior to this one and I have to take the phone off the case every time I need to charge my phone and it was so annoying. I'm so happy to found this QI Wireless charger. It's charging pretty fast too.
Beautiful inexpensive phone case
These are my favorite ear buds to date. The built in Mic is the most important feature for me because I'm a jogger - and answering the phone on the move can prove to be a challenge. These have excellent sound and the bass is clear; not distorted. They're comfortable to wear for extended periods of time and they fit well in my ears. Would recommend.
I received my item exactly as described a few weeks ago, unlocked, works as new. No issues thus far, I am more than satisfied!
Unlike some who complained about the application, I had no problem getting it on cleanly and strait the first time. And I have a couple of spares now if they become necessary (so far not needed). I've been using the phone for months now and its working great. No scratches even. i'd buy again if necessary, but doesn't seem to be needed as I'm still using the first protector!
Great product. No complaint yet. Thank you to those that put more detail comments
I have this for long time and it's very good
Definitely 5 stars! I recommended this to all my friends already. One of the screw drivers I got was messed up but as soon as I emailed them they sent one out immediately. Fixed my screen under ten minutes and the new screen works perfect 👌🏼
This case is very nice and protective. The back is clear that shows the color of your phone , the color sides are high enough in case you drop it.
It is a great fit for my phone
I have had this for 2 years and still using it. Well worth getting
I use it in the canoe and on my bike. Satisfied so far.
I bought it for my brother .He loved it.It fits nicely in this controller.The plastic is nice and gives more to hold on to than a skinny phone. The joystick is nice, could have a little bit better grip on it so the thumb doesn't slip as easy. The kickstand on the back is sturdy and makes for a nice stand to put your phone in for watching videos.
The kick stand is really good, I do not miss having to take out my foldable one. I really like that the kick stand is full metal and actually covers to whole width of the phone, not just partially. The only downside to the kick stand is that it does stick out a bit, which makes wirelessly charging a little bit harder, but once it's centered it charges like normal
Great accessory for taking pictures on the go You can also take it on the go I would definitely recommend this for family and friends
The selfie stick makes catching moments of my kitty cuddling with me so much easier and the tripod makes my life easier at work when I need clear steady pictures of businesses when I do audits on them. I'm glad I found this set. Good products.
I Absolutely love this wallet! Looks like the actual picture. I sometimes don't feel like taking my whole life with me (purse and everything in it) especially if I'm doing the whole going and out deal and this wallet/phone holder makes it possible.
Very easy to use! Makes a great difference when taking photos. Photos have a nice quality to them. Its pocket size easy to carry with its pouch. Great deal. So happy with this purchase!
Really good quality for the price...!!! Recommended guys...!!!
perfect, just what I was looking for
LIKE THE COVER - I PRINTED LABEL WITH MY PHONE NUMBER ON IT AND ATTACHED IT TO COVER
This is quickly becoming my favorite band it looks great and feels great on!
These are light and the sound quality is great. I have NO complaints.
This was my second purchase for a gift, and I will probably be buying more in the future. Initially, I got one for myself after using my son's while traveling. I found the extra length to be more pratical than the standard length because it could access almost any outlet in the room while easily allowing for use of the device. The high speed performance was excellent, as well as the durability of the cord itself. I highly recommend the product.
This was a steal! For 13.00 one would never know it is a pre owned case. It saved my phone more than once when it slid out of my lap while I was getting out of my suburban. The only thing I would change is making a belt clip for it to be worn on your person. Other than that AWESOME!!!! I'm a happy girl.
:) very good product...
This wireless charger Works great! It's so discrete and simple it can be placed anywhere. It charges pretty quick and I really like the fact that it comes in so many colors.
Item as expected. Fits the holes of the samsung perfectly. The clear case emphasizes the phone's nice lines.
Love my PopSocket! And the giraffe blowing bubble gum is too cute!
Good holder is all I can say. Happy!
Excellent quality. Does not get hot and phone stays cool. Supports wireless fast charging.
Functions flawlessly one is so sturdy and totally worth the price you are paying for! They also charge quickly. I have these all around the house. I feel more secure with this cord.
Works with all 3 devices just fine and it looks pretty good.
Not as super vibrant but definitely still vibrant! LOVE and many compliments.
People always live my case
Good product with good price, Works perfect for playing music
Reasonable price so stocked spares for future needs. Good packaging, easy install and good service & durability.
Cute and never get confused with which juul is yours when you're with your friends. Nice present for friends who misplace it
Serves my purpose wonderfully
This battery case is big but not too big, it still fits in the hand well. It's made very well and has a soft feel finish. I can see myself using it as a daily case to get extra battery life. It uses the lightning charger just like the iPhone so that's convient. A+ case. Really like it
These $50 ear buds are better than most $100-200 headphones and if they were produced by any other brand would cost 3x as much. I bought these for when I ride my motorcycle and they wok GREAT! They provide very nice ambiant isolation and at mid volume I can still hear them clearly at highway speed. They have a particularly clear treble and for earbuds also have as much base as you would reasonably want. I will definitely buy these again or replace whatever modules I manage to break. I could only give a higher score if they were made of a metal and not a hard plastic.
Nice material. I took size L. Usually I wear EU size 44 or UK size 16. I could take XL just to be extra comfortable, but no big deal. If you have bigger thighs and hips, you should go one size up. Well made, straight seams. Good purchase, I reccomend the seller.
Best cellphone accessory purchase I have EVER made. This thing is the best mount Ive ever bought. The magnet is connected to the inside of the hard-silicone case around my phone, and it stays attached to the mount over even the biggest of bumps. Id 100% recommend this to anyone!
This is a really good product and it worked well and it was easy to use, I really like that I was able to listen to my own music but, I really wished there was a on/ off switch
I have an iPhone and and an iPad, and it feels like I'm constantly having to replace the cables. This cable actually feels sturdier than the ones that come with Apple products, and so far it seems to be holding up better than the Apple ones do.
This case is actually really pretty! Slid on easily and super comfortable to hold.
Very good screen keeps fingerprints off and you don't even know it's there
I love how this watch tells me everything that I want to know so I wouldn't need to pull out my phone. I can use it to read notifications, but not able to reply from it. I can set alarms and track my daily activities. I feel this is more convenient that my phone since all I have to do is directly from the watch itself. This watch is very easy to use and I recommend it.
Been needing a good one of these and I love it. Also love the fact that my husband can use this as well.
I bought these to be able to mount my echo dots further from the wall plug. I checked other listings and this was the best buy. It works perfectly with my echo dot I'm very happy.
Works good so far.. Does not take up too much space.
Very nice , highly recommended. Nice colors, and there's a small mirror inside, and you can put your credit cards. Very practical 5 stars
Got it super fast and I love it! The brightness and the quality is amazing!
Best selfie stick ever I use it all the time. I love that you can use it as a tripod with the little remote that slides off. I bring it everywhere!
Sooo awesome! Really, glad I got these!! I love the cord keeper they come with too!!!
I bought this for running. I have an iphone 6, so the phone with a case on it will not fit in the clear area of this armband. This is not a problem for me as I carry the phone for safety reasons and I don't listen to music while I run. This case also accommodates my house key and pepper spray. The elastic seems like it would slip especially with some fabrics, but I have not had any trouble with it not staying in place. This fits my needs so I am happy with this item.
Sound - very beautiful - balanced. Haptic and seat in the ear - very pleasant. Nothing wobbles or slips. Through the various ear adapters they fit perfectly and comfortably in the ears, without pushing or disturbing .... perfect! I like the sound of them, they are great for jogging and are comfortable to wear.
I bought several Anker power banks for Christmas gifts last year and every unit, except for one, is still up and running. After working great for a little over a year one power bank stopped charging itself. I tried different cables to charge the power bank but nothing worked. Finally, I contacted Anker's customer support and in less than a week they had shipped out a replacement power bank! Love this company and their products!
Me and my daughter love these.. lightly sanded and cleaned the spot where I applied it to both phones for better adhesion. Works great as a kickstand or just to hold the phone.
Reliable, your company live up to all expectations.
I always carry a portable battery to charge my phone and this light and easy to use iWatch charging case is just what I was looking for. Holds the watch tight and wraps the charging cord well. No need to buy a extra battery.
I get so many compliments on this watch band! no one can believe what i paid for it.
Nice car charger here! Not only do you get the 2 USB ports, but also a cigarette socket so you don't lose access to that! Works great!
This is a great case~~~beautiful & well made. Very happy with it!
I'd like to give a shout out to the people here on this site because they really help me decide on this everything they tell me about it was true and honest it does light up it is very bright and I'm glad I bought it thank you that's all I can say. It does light up very bright so yes this will light up in your car
I am brand-loyal to Anker for all things cables. I recently got a Microsoft Surface GO, and it only has a single USB type-C port. When I needed an adapter, the first brand I looked for was Anker. The cable is durable and works well for my purposes. The only downside I would say is the price, at about $8 for this cable it's definitely on the expensive side, but because it's made by Anker, buy it once and you'll never have to buy it again.
Case fit well and was ideal for my S7
Great item. Keeps face of watch safe. You will need to remove this case to clean as there will be water or sweat gets under. Whatever, Not a big problem for me. Will buy other colors.
This brand has been the easiest glass screen install mainly due to the extras they include. The plastic guide gives you the perfect alignment. The kit also came with a liquid if you get any white spots, but luckily mine applied with no issues. For the price, I would recommend this brand over the others because of the extras, my phone looks flawless!
These are great! I have them for 3yr old twins, a 5yr old, and a 9yr old...they are protective and perfect for them to hold their iPods.
Good cable set - well made.
So far I love it. Seems like it protects it very well and it looks great. There is one small issue. I have short finger nails and it is difficult to reach the phone silence button. I guess I'll grow my nails out a little more.
I have never replaced a screen before and this kit allowed me to do that flawlessly with all the tools and instructions needed to get the job done. Great product! Thank you!
Fits perfectly and easy to put on. Exactly what I wanted. Not sure about the anti glare but all in all no complaints!
It keeps my phone safe. it has been dropped and the phone is in new condition.
I drop my phone often, and this case has kept my phone safe. Also, it's pretty!
This is the best screen protector I've ever had! There were clear instructions on installing it and after it was on my phone, there were no air bubbles at all. I highly recommend this product. And I dropped my phone a few times - no damage. Very nice.
Extremely affordable, clear plastic, no silly colors or patterns, rubbery feel (the g7 is impossibly slippery), compact, comes with clear screen protector (haven't used that yet). Just what I needed for a very low price.
I have an IPhone 8 and it fits like a glove. Aesthetically looks very nice. It seems and feels like the material is durable. For the price, I highly recommend purchasing this product.
Excellent quality. Nothing cheap or flimsy about it. Works perfectly with Moto Z Play.
Its my bedside charger. I love it. I don't need to figure out which part of my phone needs to align to the charger. Just place it at night, my phone is completely charged in the morning.
Awesome case would buy again
I had a multi card reader that was at least 10 years old which limited my ability with some of the newer, faster and larger cards so I decided to upgrade. Very impressed with this card reader. I tested it out as soon as it arrived. Compact and a great value for all that it does. Highly recommended.
Very sturdy case to hold camera lens Would like to have seen protection for plug area so dirt can't get in
this thing is great and has saved me on multiple occasions. i think everyone should have one of these! apple probably wont allow them to add an iphone port, which makes sense, but that would be cool :)
Holds the phone, what more do you want
Great watch, sapphire is worth all of the extra money. Without it my watch screen would be very scratched up, but the sapphire has held up amazingly well.
I really like this case. I have had it for a few months now, and it is still in great condition despite numerous drops. Just enough texture to give you a nice grip without feeling annoying. Easy to get your phone in and out of while still being secure. And best of all, it DOES NOT TRAP HEAT!!! Its a miracle. I have had so many cases that made my phone get so hot within hours I was worried it would fry itself. I have had no problems with this one, even when its was humid and in the 90's during the summer. Thinking about buying another color or two for variety. A+, do recommend!
I like the product overall except the magnetic phone car mount does not fully stick on my dashboard other than that i think ots good quality.
Had used another waterPROOF case for the last 3 years. Had to replace it twice. Decided to try the CellEver case. Fits great, easy to install and fells better in my hand. Bought one for my wife as well.
Saved me the second week it was on. I cannot imagine an iPhone without one.
I recommend buying this case because it protects the cell phone, mine has already fallen several times on the floor and protected at all times
First time buying the product. I have dropped my phone at least twice and the case protected the phone. The kickstand is great for sitting next to bed for the alarm. The belt clip holds the phone tight and I have no concerns the phone will fall out. Definitely recommend.
case is easy to put on and off on my iphone 11 pro, takes seconds. and looks great.
Great case and definatly water proof. Screen protection is easily scratched though
This is by far the best screen protector that I have ever purchased for my device. It was very easy to install and it fits perfectly. I love it. I highly recommend this brand!!!
I like the color and the space for cards but I cannot get used to the bulkiness of it. I usually use a smaller version without the extra center card holder and it is more convienient to carry around. That bit of extra bulkiness makes me feel like I'm carrying a small purse around. Just a personal preference though. Overall it is an excellent wallet.
bought it for my hubby for a christmas gift and he loves it. it was easy to install and he finds it every comfortable!
Very cute with matching bling watch band.
Nice headphones, fits the ears comfortably, doesn't fall out, nicely made. Great sound quality!
Useful for my 32 gb iPhone. Can be Using As a flash drive too.
It feels rock solid. It's the ugliest case I've ever had and I immediately bought a supcase after 1 day of use. It made my phone feel like a square box. It gets 5 stars because it is a rugged case that will certainly protect your phone...i just dont like looking at it or holding it. There were zero thoughts given to the aesthetic design here. Its far too expensive for what you get. A unicorn beetle pro is better looking, equal protection, belt clip included, and way more comfortable for 20 bucks. I also had problems with whitestone glass. I'm not 100% sure it was the cases fault but my glass did begin to lift at the corner the next day. If you want something that looks good, steer clear. If you want something durable and extremely utilitarian looking, buy it and you wont regret it.
I gifted this beautiful smart watch to my niece , she loves it, it is compatible with all smart phones, easily adjustable, valuable of money and recommended to to buy
Just upgraded to the Pixel 3 XL. Great phone with a somewhat limited selection of cases (when compared with Apple, Samsung). I wanted a slim, clear case which afforded a reasonable amount of protection for this almost one thousand dollar phone. This case far exceeded my expectations. -no problems with wireless charging -decent lip to protect the screen -very slim -perfect fit -very grippy What more can you ask for in a case at this price point?
Compatible to my android samsung phone, light weight but yet very strong material. Easy to bluetooth and use.
The waterproof case is good for the price I think, the clear on the sides looked quite good. The buttons are not too bad.The top and specially the bottom part could be annoying for some because in the max one needs to swipe up to close programs or switch between them and swipe down for the notifications and control centre. This means that the cover comes in the way all the time.No leaks on trip. Used it on last month which included snorkelling, beach & pool swimming and diving, and also every now and then to take my phone into the shower or bath. Touch screen doesn't work when underwater, but works fine otherwise. You'll have to use volume buttons to take pictures and get creative with how you operate it, e.g. telling Siri to unlock your iphone just so the passcode/word screen pops up so you can unlock it (not sure about face recognition). You also have to take a lot of the air out from the inside so that you can see the screen better underwater. It's not perfect but this iphone xs max waterproof case does the job of keeping your phone safe underwater and you can get underwater shots and vids for pretty damn cheap. Just don't be fussy about it!
Exactly what was needed for my airpods!!
Got these for my mom, who doesn't like the modern stuff and she is very happy. Easy to use, not alot of buttons.
Installed it today and cant even tell it is there!!
I love the silicon cases and the color on this was exactly as it is shown. I have gotten others before and been disappointed with the color. They are so slim, not slippery, very comfortable to use.
All of them worked. No duds! Now only time will tell if they hold up, but i think they will!
Looks great and really made the dash look better.
I think the case is very strong,no worry about my kids throwing my phone
Very stylish and offers good protection for my phone. Love the color as well.
It is very durable and stands up to a lot of abuse. I was worried I wouldn't know how to install but the instructions provided are great!These fit great and are really easy to attach to my phone.
I like the case. I just installed it on my new iPhone 8 Plus. It is not overly bulky. Easily goes in my pocket and fits in my belt pouch too. I did add a screen protector.
Great buy. As advertised.
I've always bought this brand. It has been tried and proven for more than 3 years. My partner phone was stuck between some sharpe metal and it pierced the face of the phone after retrieving the screen protector had a hole but it did not touch the phone glass. Best case ever.
I have the apple battery case and this feels exactly like the silicone case from apple without laying ridiculous apple prices! 100% recommendation to anyone with an iPhone XR
very pretty color and durable
I love this case... it's so pretty. As other reviews state, it is a little difficult to push the side buttons... but not nearly as difficult as others made it sound. I expected to have to cut the button area out of the case, but I don't have enough of an issue with it to complain about it or try to fix it, especially since the Moto z2 play has the fingerprint sensor that I can lock and unlock the phone with. It does have an air bubble in it but it doesn't take away from the look of the case. So I'm giving it 5 stars because I love it!!
The product is well made and durable. The sound is clear and strong.
Bought a new car so this is my second Rexing camera.With the sue everybody climate today and the fact I live in the 7th highest insurance fraud state, having a dash cam is a no brainer. Installation is simple and even easier with the optional hard wire kit. Daytime front and rear video is excellent. The night rear video is usable but could be better, front night video is very good. The verdict: A good choice for the money.
Easy to set up and use. So nice to have a Bluetooth transmitter instead of a cable. Can sync to multiple phones. My daughter likes to use it when she's in my car. Haven't used the call feature much, but for transmitting playlists, podcasts, etc off my phone, it works great. Clear sound, doesn't seem to be any delay.
Awesome Product. I use it on my boat
Excellent cables....I should never have to buy cables again. Best cables ever.
I love this case! It is sparkly (a true gold, not brassy) and not cheaply made. I love how thin yet durable it is. I've used it everyday since receiving the case and the leopard print has not faded. Worth every penny!
This is the best portable charger for the price very astonished. Most attractive is its 20000mAh capacity, which can charge my phone for a few times and there is no reason to worry about my cell phone dying.
Excellent cover and very nice feel and look
Works great. Mounted this product on the back of a couple of our planters to see Behind us. About $250 cheaper than the version they sell in the local Agricultural store. The mount provided for it was a bit flimsy we felt for mounting in a tractor so we made our own. Otherwise it's been great!
Excellent sound quality and extremely comfortable so impressed with these wireless ear buds.. Best I've tried, very happy, Great headphones good sound easy to use.
I got this for my husband, who has a lowered wagon that is a very bumpy ride. He used it on a trip from Houston to Los Angeles and it only was knocked loose once or twice, which is very impressive for how rough his car rides!
Good case however if you have tendinitis or arthritis in your hands you'll find it's hard to get the on/off and volume buttons to respond. It takes a concerted effort to activate those buttons. The case is not too thick so I can still put my phone in my back pocket.
Just as durable as what's shown in pictures
The design of the product is very unique and standard, the quality is very good, the shell is very strong, the design and color of the product are very charming and beautiful. This product is highly recommended. The family is very satisfied and happy, can buy such high quality products. Later Will continue to buy!
The quality of this wireless earpiece is unrivaled and I have gone through dozens of these little wireless headphones because of my time as a telemarketer during college. This one is by far the best I've ever dealt with. I like to pace around the house whenever I'm working at home, I'm an attorney nowadays, and the wireless range of it allows me to be anywhere in the house and not have the call dropped
Quick and easy to install. Fit my 735XT just fine.
Works and looks great
This is a great product because it charges very fast.
Works as well as the original stylus. and this one has not (yet) gotten lost.
Very good data cable, enough length I use the phone to extend the range of mobile charging! One for my son and myself I have taken good care of it and it is still in great condition! Well worth the money. This cable is awesome!!!
Product was pictured accurately with accurate specifications for the type of iPhone it supported. Delivery was fast.
Looks great with the phone
Love how well made they seem. They charge just as fast as the charger cable that came with my S8.
Excellent post sales support, they fully stand behind their warranty and response to email promptly to resolve my request for a replacement screen protector without hesitation. Pleson has proven to be a very trustworthy company, I am looking forward to acquire more merchandise from them in the future. Thank you!
As advertised and arrived on time. Good product.
This is my 2nd cover. I love it very much that's why I buy another as spare 😁
The best part about this holder is that the bottom legs that support the phone have a curb to prevent the phone from sliding out. What I don't understand is why don't they make the neck longer
Super effective, easy to install, fast to install
I love this. Magnetic closure, enough to hold 3-4 cards and ID or money as well. It still charges on wireless charger if you only have an ID in the right side, I have the rest on the left side of the case. I love how it flips open and the cards aren't visible all the time. I thought it would be too bulky, but it's not. It's a pretty color, rose gold. I'm happy with it. It protects the phone well!
Quick charging a compatible with my LG 6
There has been an error in my review. I do not give this product a negative review. I have not even opened the package yet.
This band looks really nice with my rose gold Apple watch and I love the protective cover as I work with my hands a lot and worry about damaging my watch. It is a little bulkier but not bothersome and can be removed if not wanted. Swift delivery and arrived as promised. I have very small wrists and this band still fits nicely.
The phone holder is so convenient. I just may buy another color.
Fits in my 2011 Jeep. It is out of the way for shifting. Easy installation. Very pleased.
I was happy with the product it is very useful
Love the product ..great quality at an affordable price
Bought this for my husbands phone and it loves it . The color is vibrant! So far so good of keeping the phone protected. My husband pretty tough on phones.
These are the best, almost makes the original screen better somehow. Only screen protectors I use now.
just as described, it was crystal clear. Packaging and instructions were perfect.Will always use this company from now on!
I recently bought a new note 8 and this works fantastic for that. if you don't have the adapter for your charger you have to use wireless charging. Instead of buying more cords to keep up with I bought this for the car. I Absolutely like it , my phone stay well in the charger and I also like having it up off the console when i'm trying to use the GPS feature on my phone so it serves two purposes that i didn't even intend for it to. Recommend !
Love my watch band! I get so many compliments!
This works like a charm. On my iPhone 8Plus I get about three charges. On my husband's regular iPhone 8 he gets about 5 charges. That's amazing and is a huge benefit for us. A great purchase.
Easy set up, sound is great, just need to see how long they play without issues (no worries).
The case is awesome, strong and perfect to protect the iPhone. I have already dropped my new phone few times, with the case it's well protected. Thanks!!!
They stay in the ears surprisingly well if you rotate and twist them the right way to set them and work well enough for working out, not falling out when sweaty. While my pair did have a volume glitch where it did not register volume was on until setting two, customer service dissolved the issue and I no longer have that problem. For twenty or so dollars, this is A decent pair of budget earbuds.
The screen is good. I've dropped the phone a couple of times aND the screen is safe. I must say having a screen protector for a smartphone is a must.
Really good quality for the price! I was surprised it is so small and thin. Putting it on my night stand when I watch my show on bed, I can put my phone next to me same time it's charging. How convenient ! Like the silver white color too, simple and clean .
This phone case will protect your phone from any drops because it already passed the test when I fell from my hands last week, the front edges are enough high to protect your screen. Phone case is very sleek and it gives a good look to your phone.
I purchased this a few months ago and have not been disappointed, it will definitely charge an iPhone 7 several times and although it's a little heavy as far as power banks go and the charging time for a complete charge is overnight I couldn't be happier with how it works!
Good enough for the cost to protect the iPhone
Great value, had it for over a month. Works well.
Easily installed, even beneath the case we have for the phone. Extra protection is always great.
The screen protector is really solid and fits the screen perfectly, particularly if you have a case on your phone. What's more, it has possibly the easiest application of any protector I've used! I've gone through many phones and have always had trouble putting on screen protectors. This one came with a small installation kit, so I was able to get it on without any bubbles in about a minute.
Like the quality, not bad
Very pleased with the sturdiness. I feel much more comfortable when holding my cellphone
So this case is not for those who want outright protection, in all honestly I wouldn't trust this case in a serious fall. BUT I personally wanted a thin, minimalist case that feels good in the hand. This case meets and exceeds all of those expectations. The cutouts actually work; I haven't met a charging or headphone cable that doesn't fit, a fantastic change from my old rubber case. And the buttons are exposed! Oh my gosh is this so nice, the buttons are finally click again and I can find the volume buttons easier now. Edges are nicely pulled back from the front and sides of the screen. I never have a problem with edge swipes and it still manages to leave a little space for the screen when setting face down. Plus it holds on very well while being super screen protector friendly, full glass protectors still leave tons of room with the case. Overall feel in hand is a little better than average I would say. I believe it to be rubberized, just not as high quality as something like a gaming mouse. Still nice to hold and very grippy, and holds up well. Overall very happy with the case, perfect for light carry while still being somewhat protective.
Found this attractive 3D screen protector very useful, it sticks enough easy and looks pretty good. Seems quality of the item well done! Glad to have the screen protector on my iphone x and it keeps it safe!
Good quality, fits nicely. Vibrant colors and seems well made. Seems like the stand will hold up well for a long time
This is so pretty and fits perfect!
This cover is awesome. It's thin, clear, and very strong. I pair mine with a screen protector and I haven't had any problems so far.
Great case so far. Looks good and feels good in the hand. Easy to get the phone in the case. Kick stand works great.
Works wonders for my chronic back & shoulder pain, and even pain associated with endo. So glad I decided to try this unit. It is just as powerful as the one my mother received from her physical therapist's office. Very easy to use and I was very happy it comes with it's own carrying case. The unit is surprisingly light-weight and comes with leads, electrode sticky pads, battery, and charger. The device shuts off after a set amount of time so you don't have to worry about falling asleep with it on. Charges on standard usb charger. Easy for discreet wearing. I clip it onto the side of my pants and wear a long shirt to cover it. It does beep, but I haven't figured out yet if there's a way to shut the sound off. That's the only downside in my opinion. Arrived super quick. I was thankful for the one day shipping option because of the amount of pain I was in at the time of ordering. I still have to take pain meds, but not as frequently. It is a great supplement to my current pain management regimen. Very good value if you would like a tens and your insurance doesn't cover it.
Bought as a gift and she loves this case.
Exacly what i was looking for, beautifull
This wireless charger is fast charging and easy to use. I really like it for my iphone!
Absolutely love these! Love the size and how comfy the fit is. I use these while traveling and while running and working out. Came with a convenient zip up pouch also
This is for my grandson and I love the variety.
This is the second power bank I bought in past two month. The first one turns out the capacity is too big to travel by air. I got this one under 10000mAh. Tested a couple of times. Works great. Built in cables very convenient. Comes with a storage pouch good for travel.
I wish I had bought this years ago! This product is brilliant! Before buying this I had a similar set up but the base attached directly to the dash via sticky tape. This design is so much better! It stays firmly in the vent and doesn't ever fall out. The magnet was more than strong enough to hold my phone even when I didn't feel like slowing down over speed bumps.
Good material good waterproof cover, good underwater protective film will not affect the use of mobile phone
It came in an AT&T box and it is a AT&T phone but it still worked with T-Mobile . Love it and so does my mother . Thank you !!! GET IT !!!!!!
It's a good case. Really good looking but it's a little bit bigger than I expected.
I've been using otterbox on all my devices for years now, only the defender series. This is the first one I've ever had without a screen protector built in, thats the only thing i dislike but other than that it's a great case.
Cute item to protect your cord.
I really love this product. I use my phone a lot and was using up the battery half way through the day. This lets me get through the whole day without having to recharge. The color is great too!
Works Great! Cant beat the price!
Excellent screen protector. I have a baby and she likes playing my iphone, this privacy screen protector has a dim brightness and will not hurt her eyes, that's exactly what I'm looking for.
Such a great product! My favorite part was the installation frame which made lining up the glass a breeze!
Easy to use and works wonderfully!
Simplest, yet sophisticated smart plug. I was looking such outdoor smart plugs so that I do not have to go all around the house to turn on and off the decorative lights for festival time. These were just the right stuff. It worked just fine, 1) Easy installation - The app is self explanatory on how to install 2) Quick and fast connection 3) I have plugs all around the home and have no issues in connecting them.
They're really good, definitely work for your phone (iPhone 8+ with a glass screen protector), good grip, but work best if it's just cold with no wind as they're fairly thin.
I can be very forgetful when it comes to my keys and the tile helps me track them down and prevents me from having to retrace my steps which is extremely convenient.
Fast charger, and cheap price
Easy installation and very happy with the protector film. Fits perfectly!!
I love this case. Have always trusted otter box since I've had an iPhone. It's got some scratches but I'm pretty rough on my things. It's also clear so you don't notice the scratches. Really cute up against the red iPhone. Love a red gold combo. Very slight aesthetic
New iPhone and it will stay unbroken. The case is light but sturdy. It is a great value for the quality. Glad I found this. A friend recommended I purchase with Amazon for better prices. She was right. This is better than other cases I have looked at
Very good connectors just be sure to compress just until it touches metal to metal do not force after it touches, trust me broke 2 of them
Love this product! It protects my expensive phone.
I love this case! I've dropped my phone twice and the case doesn't even have a scratch.
The battery was exactly what was advertise. The delivery was ahead of the estimated time. The price was a great value. I have nothing negative to say about this product or the seller. I will have no problem using them again when their service is required again.
Beautiful, my daughter loves it.
This case is very sturdy and I really like the 2 way stand so it can stand vertically or horizontally.
I bought this as a test instead of buying another GoPro to go along with the one I have now.. Now I am wondering why I ever wasted so much money on the GoPro. At this cost point I could 5 of these devices instead. It works flawlessly and is actually easier to set up than the GoPro!
Love this stylus set....have ordered these several times over the past several years...they are the ones I find work best. They have an immediate response on my iPad ..you don't have to try more than once like you do with some other brands. Love the colors also....will only buy these! Very satisfied.
This dash cam is awesome and perfect! High resolution! Video is clear. Worth it for your money. Highly recommended!
I was looking to buy a new iPhone, I tried a case first and you'd think I have a new phone really did the trick.
on to it.. got this case to replace the black leather looking case from Umidigi (included with each device). the black case that comes with the phone is good, probably doesn't have much shock absorption properties as (MAYBE) this case. it does fit the phone very well - even though i had to finish cutting the excess mold plastic around the speaker, charging port, and 3.5mm jack. again, not going to drop test this to see if anything happens.. but feels more stout than the stock case. i have the space gray color A5, and wanted to show off the actual physical design of the phone more than a device in a case, all blacked out.. now i don't have to pop it in and out when someone asks me what phone i have. i would BUY this case for sure, again; if needed.. but hopefully not. if you've got an A5 and you want a slightly more beefed up version of their case: get this one. it's even two dollars cheaper than the umidigi branded case as well. in all, GET THIS. the outside of the case kinda sticks to my hand, which i like. on the stock case, i put a 'finger fin' on the back to hold it as i was using it. but, now i don't think i'll transfer that over to my new case just yet.
Best product for the price.
The sound quality could have been a little better, but for the price it was very giod.
I have also Bluetooth Headset but it started to make me feel it is too heavy to work out so I ordered these earphones. It was better than my expectation as sound quality. It is also really light, even I don't feel it whether it is on my ear. Bluetooth works properly with my phone, never cut the connection or never make a noise. I think it worths its value. enjoy it.
That's a good idea. It can make the mobile phone screen bigger, better to watch movie. My mom likes it very much.And for the price, can't be beat
Excellent quality good price
Well. It's not pretty. Easy to install and now my pioneer DVD player works when it's not supposed to. Ha. Good value.
So simple to put on and looks great! This glass definitely lives up to its name! It for great, cleaned up great, held up Awesome and took a lot of beating to perfect my screen. It almost made it two years, but I got a bit careless! When I took it if my phone, it literally spider webbed like a windshield yet stayed together in one piece. Just ordered more of the same and most likely always will. I totally trust this protector shield!Good install
My kids and me loved it. Light and sounds is good. Experience is so much fun to the sound, light and turn prop. My c-kids. The ages of my children, 3 and 7. both of my kids were interested. Thanks.
Love the case ,the price is so lovely
Very cute and sturdy. Does need directions on how to apply the screen protector.
Works well with the LG V20
The battery life is like a day maybe 2. Could use apps better.
Ultra stylish watch with a good battery life and a combination of a fitness tracker and smart watch.
Good product. Fits well. Would buy again.
The cables do exactly what I needed them to do which was to give me extra length. The work great and would definitely recommend.
Love it it just get tangled have to untangle it before I take it off. Other wise it good
Super cute, and just what I needed to store my earbuds in! I only needed the case, so I can't say for sure of how good the quality is for the earbuds that come with this product. Still, overall I am extremely pleased with this purchase!
So far they have great sound.
Screen was very easy to install.
Working out well so far. I trimmed them down a bit to accommodate the number of eyelets on my ankle boots.
I have a note 8 and on one charge of the battey pack I changed my phone 4 times. Great product
Love it! We took it on our 2 days camping trip and it lasted 3 cellphones and 2 ipads. Would definitely buy it again.
Bought this for my boyfriend a long with his Apple Watch. He loves it. I feel like the Apple Watch has more of a feminine look. After putting this band on It makes it look like a G-Shock. It's also super sturdy
Great cord. Length is good.
Perfect quality considering the price. Its delivered 2 days early than i got my iphoneX,. Never gonna spend any quater on the case in best buy or apple store.
Was a gift, she loves it.
These chargers are perfect for my family! There's enough for all of us & they charge fast! They are also long enough to reach!
All that I wanted in a phone case!!
Outstanding quality for the price
This phone case is one of the best we've had. Easy to put together and durable.
Its clear so can still see the color of my phone
Works great, came quick. thanks!
The underwater fishing camera has been working excellent. The picture is clear. A fish was picking a fight with the camera, knocking it around. It was amusing, and finally I caught it! Too cool!
Pop this case onto your new Pixel 3 without losing sight of its color. This is important to me, since I bought the Not Pink phone. Add the plus of not having to hold the phone or not having to figure out how to prop it up while streaming is great. Initially, I worried the right end favoring position of the kick stand would make the phone easy to knock down, but it takes a pretty good thump to cause it to fall.
Excellent product. Works very well for s10.
This is the easiest and best screen protector I have ever used. Literally no bubbles.I️ really love this screen protector.
Exactly as described! Fast shipping!
This car gadget is awesome. I managed to hide mines by removing some panels and just plugging long charging cables. The set up looks really clean and I haven't had any issues with the product.
WOW I AM IMPRESSED!!! I watched in horror as my phone tumbled down the 2 flights of concrete stairs in my office parking garage. The case chipped in one of the corners however my phone was NOT DAMAGED AT ALL. Needless to say I am purchasing a replacement case as soon as I finish writing this review. The cars stay neatly in their container - never used the mirror, but I did like having it. All in all - this is my future case for all my future devices anytime possible.
These little guys are awesome. I use them mainly for the gym and haven't had any issues with them at all, they connect to my iphone quickly and stay connected without any problems. I keep the case in my backpack and charge it at night or every other night. They haven't run out of battery so far
I am very happy with my purchase. No problem at all.
I had another charger that used to take way too long to charge. I use my boss office one day, and she had this charger on her desk, I used it since my phone was dying. I was amazed at how quick my phone got charged. I had to get one for my office, and I love it.
I really like the kickstand. This is the 3rd style of case that I have purchased since getting my new phone in July. I thought it was magnetic but really it is very similar with an Otterbox. I had a screen protector on it as it was needed with the other cases and had to remove it. The only thing I'm disappointed with, in the bright sun the screen appears to have a cloudy film on it whereas inside the house it looks just fine. I took it apart to make sure the screen cover was clean and no change in the bright sun. Oh well, I really love this case.
I haven't dropped the phone with case yet, but I feel it's durable.
This thing isn't invincible. However, I dropped my phone in Walmart parking lot. Destroyed the screen protector, BUT DID NOT BREAK MY SCREEN. It did its job. I got a 2 pack, I popped a new one on, done. I dropped this phone several times, this is the first time it broke, on pavement. Did my screen break, no. I'm happy with my purchase!!
I can't believe the distance on these things. I purchased them to communicate with my Indy film crew and they have range. Example: Shooting a short in a four story building crew on the fourth and crew on the first floor about 3 football fields away. Cristal clearly Ear
These have performed as described. We have not had any issues with them.
Holds so much charge. Great for travel. Charges pretty quickly as well.
Perfect to sit my watch on & charge. Small & compact.
Easy to put on and it so so pretty. It almost feels like suede. I love it!
fast service great product
The Yootech Wireless Charger works perfectly with my iPhone X inside its silicone cover. All features work exactly as advertised, actually slightly better once you get the see, feel and touch. No complaints whatsoever. And it was delivered exactly on time as usual.
This has to be the best clear cases I have ever purchased for my phone. Usually, I end up buying a clear case and it gets to many scratches literally within 2 days. SO far this case has been phenomenal. Not a single scratch and I dropped my phone with it twice. I love the quality of this case. It looks super clean and makes my phone stand out! It is wonderful and offers decent protection. I also use it with wireless charging and it works perfectly fine. I was skeptical about purchasing the case at first because I was scared it would get scratches very easily but I was wrong. The case is very sleek and looks excellent on my phone.
Really love the style of this phone case and the rose color is gorgeous. Will be ordering another. I can't usually find this wallet style for the pixel2 phone. Price was great, too!
Heavy duty and well made!
Love the bass sound and the description is exactly how it's mentioned!
Product as described, fast shipping thanks
Does exactly what it's supposed to do. Easy and convenient, looks good and feels good too. I wish there were more options out there with this phone, but I'm satisfied with this one and that's what matters.
Well built. Does the Job.
These cords work great! And no one steals them from me because no one else has this color. hey are closer to the actual rose gold of my iPhone. They are sturdy and I LOVE having these long cords, it saves so much pulling and tugging to try and reach a charger. And I haven't Ahmad any problem charging my phone with them I have a iPhone 7 Plus.
Love these. Perfect inexpensive and easy to set up.
It is a very great bumper!
This is perfect! I tried a holder that sat on my dash, but it was difficult to see because it was too far away from me and, on sunny days, the screen was unreadable. This brings the screen close enough for me to read and, because it is next to me on the console, glare isn't a problem. Unfortunately, it isn't a heads up display, so I have to look away from traffic to see it, but since my main reason for using my cell phone in the car is to use Waze to avoid the worst traffic, all I really need to see is where I need to turn next. Since it is close enough for me to read that, it takes only the quickest glance. This hold the phone securely. I have a Prius and I put this in the front cup holder, which is a bit strange since it has a cover that slides back and down, so the fit is just a tiny bit off, but I haven't really had any problems with it. It stays put and is much more secure than the holder on my dash.
Wifi is great. Easy to update firmware and database. Sensitive for long range. Lockout false signals a plus.
Excellent product, easy to use
Great purchase. Inexpensive, good response time. Exceeded my expectations for Bluetooth connection and price point. The built in phone holder is cool.You will always be satisfied,I love this! Works with a lot of emulator apps so I can play classic games with ease,it makes it very convenient when I'm playing games on the go!
Fantastic product! I was able to sharpen all of my kitchen knives with this one product! I plan on buying one for my parents as well. I would highly recommend this!
This case is very handy & one can still use their cell phone's touch screen with it inside of it.I could very well see my wife playing with this in the shower,until me having to get her out of there! We plan to use it for pool & water sports.
I love this product! I have purchased very expensive cases in the past and this reasonably priced one is just as good if not better. Plus, it arrived so quickly!
Amazing product and fast shipping thanks
Its a good Screen and the order came very fast
Super inexpensive and great quality....Very happy with purchase.
I really the the color and the feel of the band
Love it. I have received so many compliments on my watch band. It's super comfortable and super cute
I can't express enough how pleased I am with this product. It is super sturdy, 360 degree swivel, and the magnet is top notch. For its price, this product is top line quality. I have been so impressed with it, I ordered four more for family and myself.
Delivery on time, fits well,Light weight and heavy features!
Excellent product. Charges quickly and even through a plastic case.
I love this charger. For a lot of reasons. Fast wireless charger. Especially with the phone only. Best value for the money. Love the auto open and close to hold my phone. Excellent suction. Thanks.
Had this for over a year because my back casing broke so I used this instead of ordering a back from Samsungs and it still is holding on strong!!!!!!! I love this thing!
Love the phone but a month after using it, it barely will charge.
Love it !!! Need more for other car!!
So far the case is quite good, durable and seems to be fully protect my new phone from drop and spill. The only thing I don't like much is the stand clip which I have to pull it out hardly.
simple, rugged construction and completely watertight - very important when I kayak to work and need to stay in touch on the water
Purchased this 38mm Sports Loop on Amazon Prime Day, it arrived quickly. The color is not as bright in person as pictured, but overall it's a good buy. In my opinion, you can't even tell that this isn't an Apple branded watch band. It looks great, fits great and so far seems to be holding up well in water. Most importantly it's inexpensive.
Probably one of the best units out there...Keep it charged and stored in your vehicle...If your ever in a situation were your vehicle's battery went dead and your somewhat stranded without assistants...this HALO Bolt Charger saves the day. Would keep one in every vehicle...
Very pleased with purchase
The design is excellent and quality of the product is also great. Works as expected. Comes with a stick mount.
Just got it in today and love it!! Works perfectly with the magnetic dash phone holder in my truck. Also works great as a stand to watch videos, etc....
I'm 29 years old but still love my blue lighting charger as it's my first ever to use, loves it, as the light will let you know if it's charging or charged or not connected. I LOVE it, great item, made of good materials!
Watch is like new with case.
Great price for a great product. Only drawback is the cord not for connecting the device to iphone or ipad,you need use yourself cord. But it can charger most Android phone and my Camera .Overall,it still give us a lot of convenience for my life.
Fast delivery and great product
This works like a charm. I'm used to Bose quality sound and this is the best for the car. Hopefully it will not get damaged with the heat inside of the car.
Grand-daughter loves it.
The material doesn't look cheap, I liked the zipper, it works smoothly. Perfect for all my accesories while traveling, I can keep my charger from getting scratched when I am flying all the time. It is a great protective product.
Great durable and easy to install.
I highly recommend. Quality product and super easy installation.
seems to be good quality for the price.
The installation process wasn't as easy for me... at first. Good thing it comes with 2 screen protectors because I messed up the first one due to not reading the instructions properly. The second one I installed without any problems but it had a lot of bubbles so I decided to contact John who had helped me activate my lifetime warranty to see what could be done. John without hesitation sent me a replacement. The next day the bubbles disappeared on their own before I could install the new one I had been sent. The screen protector looks good so far but I am mostly impressed with their customer service. These guys definitely stick behind their product and make it up to you if anything goes wrong with it. The screen protector does the job and I can't give it enough credit as well. I recommend this for anyone looking for a new screen protector for their S10 👍🏻
I love this selfie stick tripod. I recently had a baby and wanted to be able to take family photos when it was just us. It is made with good quality materials and is very stable. I will enjoy using this for years to come. Great price as well.
I bought this in anticipation of eventually getting an iPhone 11, and it looks really good! The design is sleek and hip, and I like the raised edges a lot. The transparent back feels sturdy to fit a card holder on, and it also doesn't interfere with my wireless charger at all. Overall, pretty solid product that I expect will last a long time.
Very Helpful for our growing etsy business as we can not afford to hire a product photographer just yet. It is easy to use and doesn't glitch.
Beautiful and keeps it from being too slippery to hold! :)
I actually have bought 2 of the bands now and have not been disappointed. I have one for a 42 and 38mm Series 3 Apple Watch. I would recommend this to others.
Worked as advertised
Its video recording function is very clear, and everything is normal after purchase. It is very satisfactory.
It fits my phone perfectly and it is waterproof. I have used it for taking pictures during my kids water activities including some under water pictures, they all came out great. Loving it and not worrying of my phone will get water damaged with this case on.
Love the lenghth of the longest one. I can finally lay in my bed with my tablet, that runs outta battery too often, without having to position- myself oddly. Plus I can use the small one on a desk for my phone and not have to worry about it falling to the ground with the phone when I fumble it. It falling with the phone has always jacked up the previous ones I've owned.
Fast shipping, great price. I was happy with the quality of the case. I would buy again.
hi I received the case but it doesn't fit on my lap top,its too big ......can I return it for a smaller size
I've bought several for this phone, liked all for one reason or another but none were entirely protective or lacked a good grip so would slide around or drop often. And I also have the problem of wanting to change things up visually. THIS case!!! It's got it all. Protected all around. The screen cover fits so well there is no hesitation in screen response. Perfect! The case doesn't add too much bulk and is very lightweight. The blue border is a nice contrast to the black rubber protective edging. The best part visually is the clear back cover allows for me to change things up with phone skins or decals. I've got my permanent case. So pleased.
Case very easy to hold phone. It feels more secure.
Everything is great though when the phone is in the case you might want to rescan your fingerprints over the little cover. Had issues with it until then and it really seemed to help. Also stretching the case around the sides of the phone will also help when putting the phone in cause sometimes the buttons dont line up with the case and they wont press. So just make sure your buttons press correctly before putting on the back
inexpensive and looks great. Will buy more colors.
Just follow the instructions video, worked out great.
Got this for Christmas as a gift and it works great! 2 months later it's still on my case. I really like it, helps me text and my fingers not hurt because of it.
I got everything I expected
Already dropped and tossed several times....seems to work. We will not test the water proof feature intentionally. But everyday protection seems to work. I would recommend.
They are great when using navigation. I unfortunately don't have a real smooth phone case so the stick side doesn't hold.
it is great that it fits perfectly with black spigen case for xperia xz
Purchased two weeks ago.So far so good.
I've had the charger for 5 months and it still works like new. Fast charges just as good as my Motorola Turbo charger. I initially bought it as a temporary charger until I could get a better more expensive one, but this one does the job for a much better value. Highly recommend.
Awesome! I'm so glad we got this to organize all of our tech stuff. It's made well and look nice. Very functional.
This case exceeds my expectations. It is durable, so it doesn't fall over when I use the flip position to view videos. It allows alerts, music and other tones to come through clear and LOUD. My old case diffused volume on everything, so this is a nice surprise! I like it so much I might buy the same case in a different color when I have another gift card. Awesome product! One question: It came with a cute little pearl and I don't know where it goes. If anyone knows, please respond.
I can't believe this little watch has so many functions. It can be used to taking pictures, playing games and call people, that is really useful. I bought one for my child, so she doesn't have to bring a phone to school and I can contact her through this smart watch.
Great replacement charger that allows me a lot of space to move around with my I-Pad. Love the woven fabric texture. Charges as fast as expected, similar to my original cord.
This pillow is very comfortable! I've been able to get a solid night sleep with this new pillow and it seems to be helping with my allergies too.
I have only had the case for a short time, but it seems like the case will do a good job of protecting the phone. I will repost again if for some reason it is not as good as advertised.
Day and night are clear, simple and easy to operate, you need to buy an extra memory card to use, I like the big lens in front very much.
Casing is perfect but when I received package it was open.fast service
I like the way the S8+ stays in the holster even when it is bumped or the holster is removed from the belt. The case is easy to snap on the phone and stays on. I can also remove the case easily to clean. I like the horizontal orientation for inserting the phone into the holster. It feels more natural to remove the phone in my hand in the position I use it. The buttons are very easy to press and when I set the phone face down on a surface, the corners of the case keep the glass off it. All the ports are open and easy to access. The headphone jack has worked with every plugin I have used. I have had to replace the case once because I hooked it on the car door a few times and it finally broke the swivel clip. I have and would purchase this again to keep as a spare. The cost is very reasonable for the quality and durability.
Sturdy case, great for the beating my 5 yr old gives
Exelent bluetooth exactly what I expected to be
Great quality as always with Otterbox. Looks 100% new. Cant tell its refurb. Cant beat the price.
After getting the plastic apart and putting the phone in, it is really nice. It has a built-in screen protector which is not too thick.The phone responds well and is held nicely within the case.
Fit my phone perfectly. No issues so far. Can't really rate the durability as I haven't had it that long.
the kid loves it very much! definitely help develop kid's intelligence
The product comes well packaged. Very tough to open once phone is in the case & that's a good thing It's a nice tight fit.. The phone actually feels like it isnt in a case The texture of the phone case feels good . It's feels like a mat finish
Very sturdy and great design. i love it,
This things is amazing. I was pressing right out of the box. 210 for 90 seconds
Works well and even fits my Tesla model 3
Great value compared to other earbuds we've used. Discontinued so any review may be moot.
Wasn't expecting to like it that much, but I'm genuinely surprised at how satisfied I am. There's a small mirror inside, which is handy, two pockets for cards, and a slot where you can put in bank notes, cash, receipts, memos, etc. I never had a screen protector, and now I probably never will because of how the case naturally keeps it covered when closed. I also appreciate the fact that I can set it on the side and the case will help it stand hands-free.
excellent hard case for my phone
Got this for my wife's S3 frontier watch and it looks great! It was easy to install and looks good on her wrist!
Cords were as described and appears to be very durable.
This is exactly what I needed to start my professional reviewing business!
Be careful using it.It's best to wash your ears with warm water when you use it.if not you maybe feel uncomfortable.
Awesome case but strap broke off after one week
I'm really happy with this product. Shipment was fast, and the item arrived as advertised. My old glass cover was cracked and dirty, so my phone looks a whole lot r now. The cover was easy to put on, and I expect it will last a long time, but it's to have a second one on hand (two come in the pack).
I really love this screen protector. It's super durable and very clear. Simple install, fits perfect, no bubbles. And it's price was well worth it. No problems what so ever. Thank you!
Some reports I searched show that solar charger has a slow charging speed and a low conversion rate of electric energy. The solar charging effect is not obvious, which is exactly what I feel after using. However, when there is an emergency when my phone and charger are out of power, I think the function must be a great help. In general, the product is light in weight and looks good in quality. It is convenient and suitable for camping. P.S. Do not put the charger in a high temperature environment, otherwise it may cause danger.
Amazing product this is amazing kept my screen scratch free
I am so happy there was 4 in pack both for both of us. Very happy now. It came just in time. Now we can relax in a chair or bed with ease without twisting our bodies all weird.
Attractive and sturdy watch holder & charger
Loved the color and feel.. Have received many compliments.. I have a purple note n hubby has a blue one, the case looks badass next to hubbies phone..
Easy to use, the sound works quality works well for me and they're what I need to enhance the quality of my workouts: fit (fits well and stays in place during all of my various types of movement, overall performance and ease of use.
This item is awesome easy setup. But it could a few more colors. The spectrum isn't that wide, but the colors it has are great.
fits snug and doesn't add too much bulk to the phone. Just as described and just what I wanted.
Excellent mount, easy to install and holds iphone very well.
Really good product. The price is reasonable, great quality and great performance so far
I was surprised by how small it is; but, very impressed how well it works with my phone. Some reviews say they could not use the device with the phone case on. They must use Otter Box - I have my phone in a silicone case and it fits just super. I am very happy with this device
Just what I was looking for. I wanted a case with space for cards and cash but not that I had to open ever time the phone rang.
Works great exactly what I wanted thank you.
Right out of the box it was fully charged and ready to go. I decided to test it out by powering my Raspberry Pi while I did updates and some other tinkering. I can't remember exactly when I started but the Pi was powered for well over 12 hours before the battery bank lost juice. Charging the bank via solar is slow but can be done if the need arose. Even charging via an outlet took a bit of time but once it's charged you're good to go. I wouldn't hesitate using this to power my Raspberry Pi for portable ham radio digital mode operation. I may buy a second one to power a small screen and as a backup. Directions took a little bit to get through but fairly straightforward after that. I don't plan on testing how water resistant it is and it doesn't feel like something I'd want to drop as the outer shell is only plastic.
Great little walkie talkies. Quality sound. Range is good. Of course, we weren't 3 miles apart but half of a mile and it still worked well. Battery life is really good. Happy with purchase.
Works great for large venues. Agent like ear pieces for privacy
This product works great! I cannot even tell that my screen has a protector on. Will definitely purchase again.
Love this product! I will be buying again for the whole family!
They went through the washer and dryer and still works. They are some of the best sounding headphones i've ever listened to. i've gone through a ton of earbuds and none of them have lasted as long as these have. the sound quality is really good! After a month one of the ears stopped working... but i realized that it was just my earwax that got clogged... so it was easy to clear out
Had one for my Note 8 and found it was my favorite case, so had to get one for my S9+. Feels good in the hand, has the right amount of tack on clothes, micro fiber and furniture. Other cases simply slide off, this case can hang on nearly vertical on my micro fiber couch. Price is a bit high for what you get. Uniqueness it wins, although protection won't be very high.
Absolutely love this case! It's super cute, holds all my cards and then some. My phone fits securely in place and has not been broken since the day I got it.
Works great, easy to set up.
Awesome photos/video quality only draw back is audio is pretty poor. But for the price you can't beat it
It doesn't feel cheaply made ^^;
They are exactly what I needed and work great.
Just what my son needed to keep his phone propped on table.
Very easy installation!
This case does not make my phone look huge.
I love this phone holder. I needed something to hold my phone up at eye level while working on PC. It's exactly what I needed. And astounding quality for such a low price.
Good quality and sharp finishes
Great quality, fit tight just like OEM. Awesome seller too. Offered to replace for free when I broke a tab off one of the caps during installation. No worries here!
I bought this otter box case for my hubbys phone. His old one was falling apart. The item arrived when it was scheduled to and was just as advertised. I know he will enjoy this for a long time.
I really love this bluetooth headset.I have been using it a lot, especially during my drive to my workplace and on the way back home. It is completely adjustable to fit either ears and works perfectly with my Iphone 7 Plus.Sound quality is great.and very comfortable to hang on ears, and people can hear me clearly. Really a happy purchase. Recommend it, especially for drivers.
I like the duo color of the watch. It was easy to set up and connect to the phone. You are able to change to different faces on the click settings. There are several features to use with the watch. The only think that I did not like is the screen protector that comes with it does not stay on.
Works great! Very convenient and awesome sound quality.
Best ultra-cheap earbuds I've ever owned. Honestly, they sound just as good if not better than the fancy Skull Candy's that I sued to have. These are so good that I started noticing details and sounds in songs that I had never heard before, even on songs I had heard 1000 times before. The only negative is the cheap cable, but really, cant complain for the price.
Works perfect for my phone
Grippy and somewhat soft, it's a good case and keeps the iPhone 8+ nice and slim. Nice dark blue color.
Fits great looks sleek love it.
Good quality. I'm satisfied.
Didn't realize that my new phone has one.. but now there are 2. Work is great
I like to draw and occasionally multitask, and this case is really built for that purpose. I love the little pencil slot to store it once you're done drawing or etc. The magnetic stand is awesome, very sturdy, stays in place. It can also mount onto your fridge, in case you wanted to leave notes or cook a recipe. I'd definitely recommend this case to any iPad owner.
Great product and company! One of ours stopped working and they sent us a replacement with no problem.
Great charger! I love that it doesn't stick out too far and it seems to charge my phone really quickly. I regularly have 2 phones for personal and work and it's great to be able to keep both charged at the same time.
extremely rugged, takes abuse well from a person who is hard on phone cases ;)
Very slimline, not bulky at all, the stand it perfect too different angles.
Pretty much a fanny pack turned sideways. It will fit 2 samsung 7s with otter boxes on them with room to spare. If you have a business phone and a work phone in otter boxes, and want to add a write in the rain booklet with pens and a flashlight. This is the one for you.
I bought these replacements for a pair of Marley earbuds. They worked great!
Love this product but after two years in the Florida sun, the suction cups don't work well any more, falls every few minutes
Most amazing Bluetooth speaker iv had yet. This is a 10 out of 10 product. Thank you for the opportunity to buy this amazing speaker.
Thank you I love them
Very happy with delivery and quality.
This phone case is very good in quality and uses a liquid silicone case for bending and skin grip. It's really great.
The battery is holding up wonderfully after more than 6 months of use. In fact, it needs to be recharged only once to twice a week if phone use is light. Would definitely recommend!
This case is one of the best ones I bought !!!!
Everybody likes my cool phone case
Easy to put on phone and works as expected. Delivered fast and as described.
Great item to protect my nice watch, a little tricky to install, but worth it! I use my watch in all kinds of outdoor activities and this offers great screen protection.
This is a great little ear piece. The only problem is that I have tiny ears and the ear piece fall off occasionally.
Amazing low cost cable. Works perfectly. A must buy.
This item is reliable, travels well and works as advertised.
Bought this for my husband and he loves it
Looks nice. Great value for your money.
Awesome phone, was definitely worth the money
It is a nice sturdy full coverage case and secures your screen including the edges. Till now I like the transparency in the cover and the material (it is not silicone which becomes hazy after a while). It looks tough and seems durable but still can't confirm as used for a week only. I will update later if there will be any issue with the case.
this is by far the best apple watch protector. I really need it and it keeps my watch safe and I like the way it looks!
Simple and easy to use. I really like that it doesn't take Away from the look of the watch.
This is my 2nd case purchase. I bought a new phone and HAD to get another LUPA just like my first one. They look great, holdup well and make carrying a credit card or ID super convient. Love it!
Love love love this, so easy to use and hold your phone very well where ever it's beat for you
This company here, I mean what can I say. You know they say communication is let & this company definitely hold this quality. They sent me a messed up phone at first, but they was very quick to respond when I contacted them abt it and emailed me a returning label. They did offer to give me a full refund but when I insisted that I just wanted a replacement phone they truly went through great lengths to satisfy my request. And I'm so very grateful that I did business with this company. I received my replacement phone on Friday, after they received the damaged phone on Wednesday. This company is awesome
The case is very sturdy, I loved the kick stand
I would buy them again
Very good quality cables. We like that they are different set of length. Made from flexible material so should last for long time. We use long cable to charge our Ipad. Work grate for kids they can move around till Ipad charging. Short cable use in a car to charge Iphone so no extra cable next to the driver .
Wife loves it, I love it. Just started using them for two nights so far. Tried third largest with sucess but wife said some snoring but very very light. Next night tried the largest last nigh and it was 100%, opens the nostrils nice, breathing good. Wish I tried these years ago. Was not looking for the next step using the insert in mouth device from dentist. Plus cost would have been much more. Now I have to seach on just getting the large size in quantity.
not a strong belt mount, it broke almost immediately (after five hours. it just hooked and it broke
Great product and fast shipping
I bought this for my wife after the more expensive otter box case broke after just a few weeks. I've had the same case for years, and dropped my phone a bunch of times. The case works.
Love it! Will purchase again for my new phone.
This charger/phone holder makes life in the car so much more convenient. The auto-hold and quick release are so handy when you're out running errands and getting in and out of the car a lot. My previous phone holder, I was rarely plugging my phone in to charge, but it is done automatically for me just by putting my phone in the holder now. I like that it will accommodate a larger otter box phone case. It works for other, standard size phones that don't have wireless charging as well, so anyone can use it. I prefer the vent holder because I find the height most convenient for me. It holds firmly in the vent and doesn't block the airflow. Quick charging and secure, convenient hold. What more could I want? Love it!
So far, it seems to charge OK. But I bought it to charge a Bluetooth speaker if the speaker is on, it has a very loud 60hz hum if the speaker is on when charging. I've used other chargers, they don't have the hum. Only this one. It does charge both and I have had no issues with it for doing that. Update: The company contacted me directly. (A big plus for me in this day when I have seen a lack of customer support from a lot of companies.) They even requested info so they can develop a better product, so I updated my rating to reflect how I felt they went out of their way to resolve the issue.
Glad I bought these. The angle of the plug really helps prevent the bending of wires at the device and ruining the wires. I wish I found this 20 cords ago!
For me it works better than the name brand. I can see it in sunlight yet privacy still works.
Very good quality for this price. I know 10ft is very long, but it's beyond my expectation when I saw the product! It's long enough that I can do anything without worrying about a dying battery. The original lightning cable is very fragile especially the charging part. I have to wrap some plastic tapes on the cable to protect it's head. But this one is nylon braided which makes it seem very tough. I really like it, and definitely will recommend it to my friends!
Works perfect! As with all nano screen shields they will have bubbles, they will all come out. It just takes a few days.
I bought this as an extra pair as i needed some longer cables to charge my Bluetooth speaker. The quality of the product is pretty good and i don't see any harness issues even while tweaking the cable.
Came quicker than I expected and was easy to install new screen BT remember to keep ur screws separate and together FM each area u take screws out or it will be hard at the end to put screws in when screws are scattered. Very pleased
It works with my iPhone 8. Bluetooth connectivity with no problem. The watch speaker is loud enough to hear from another room. Fitness tracker can count your steps and body heat. There are many more cool features. It's a cool watch with some useful functions.
I dislike bulky cases, so I wanted a very slim and simple case for my phone. This slim case is perfect for me, it barely adds any thickness but I no longer worry about scratching the phone. And matte finish helps with holding so that its not as slippery. I am quite pleased with the case.
Case is as described by seller. Perfect fit for the Samsung Halo J7 by Cricket.
I brought this watch for my little brother. He really liked it. He said it was awesome and fun to have.
I like the smooth, slim design. Easy to install.
Super cute. One of my favorites
fast and efficient service. It was what I wanted
This was purchased for my friend. She says it is easy to raise and lower and holds her monitors and the keyboard well. She is very satisfied.
Works perfectly and charges all 4 of my controller which i could only charge in waves before.
Awesome case. Don't listen to other people saying it doesn't fit. Look when they posted the bad review. Well before the iPhone X came out!!!!! People should wait to make their review until they try it. So if your looking for a good case get this one. It is the 3 one I have gotten this style for. Previous was for the iPhone 6s and 7.
This is the best case I ever bought for any phone I have ever owned. The built-in front screen protector has all the correct cutouts for camera, speakers and sensors. The edge of the case is made of soft rubber that provides easy grip and the back is clear hard plastic (you can actually see your phone). The cut-out for the USB-C connector is big enough to actually allow for the headphone connector to fit properly and at the top of the case there is a cut-out for the microphone.
Great quality charger.Better than original iPhone cables.
It is so portable for carrying around. Fits well in my purse.
This case is super cute
Love this scratch art notes. It's a new thing to me, n my kids love it s lot. It comes into a a little box. Quite some notes pad in it, n a wood pencil. N let your kids do the magic.
this really charges phones and tablets well
This thing pairs immediately and consistently with my phone! It turns my wired headphones into a bluetooth controlled model. Excellent sound quality with good skip and volume controls. I can't say how long the charge lasts, but I know I can do four or five 45 min bike rides over a couple of weeks time without a recharge.
Working as expected.
I've only been using it for a little over a week, but it's what I expected. No issues, it looks good enough, and doesn't impede any of the cameras.
Great case for the money. Great case anyway! I paid quite a lot for an Otterbox for my last phone and this is equally good.
Love, love, love this case! I have only had it a few days and the compliments just keep coming!
The screen protector fits perfectly. The included installation frame makes for the easiest install I've ever done for a screen protector. Whoever came up with that idea was brilliant. Seller was great to work with as well. I had a minor issue with the alignment of the glass and contacted them and they shipped out a replacement the next day. Highly recommend.
Great case at a great price!
Got this case a couple days after the sale processed. Got a lot of cleaning supplies with the protector which was nice, and the packaging the hold the screen protector was very sturdy and secure. The ease of installing was very simple. Steps are clearly labeled and easy to follow. Screen fit perfectly around the home button and corners. No excess so didn't have an issue with the screen peeling up when pulling it in and out of my bag. Screen sensitivity doesn't get affected at all, it actually requires less pressure now than without it. I will suggest this to any one who is in need of a great screen protector.
I can't wait to use the charging line, the effect is great, the charging is very fast!
This case is very well made for the price. The stitching seems durable and the materials used are quality. Phone will be secure in this case and there are plenty of card slots completely eliminating the need for a wallet! Highly recommend especially at this price!
The sound quality is good as is the battery life. Connectivity has been reliable.
Love the red color and very good material.
Easy to install and great tight fit
This is my second time purchasing another caseology case, thus, I would highly recommend to any one that wants a stylish but also protective case that will protect and secure your phone. I had my first caseology case for about 2 1/2 years and it finally broke down on me so I decided to buy me a new one. I can honestly say that I've dropped my first caseology case about more than a million times and I've had no cracks, no dents, and accidents happen with this phone case. The phone case is sleek and is probably one of the best phone cases I've purchased. Btw I purchased the burgundy color phone case which i love especially the rose gold outlining of the case.
Came in cute Packaging and looks just like the picture.
Arrived on time. I watched the video and had no problems, it went right on.
Very nice case. Really durable.
I love the color and it is SO comfortable. I bought two more for my boyfriend. So many wonderful color choices and the mixed ones are so cute!
its awesome now i wont have to fight between who can charge there phone first
This case still looks brand new after about 1 year of daily use. My phone has been dropped numerous times by myself and my toddler and has survived thanks to this case. It does a wonderful job. My wife is a fan of "OtterBox" cases but I think they are way too bulky. And with her last two phones the rubber part of her OtterBoxes always starts to lose it's shape and fall off of the hard plastic. The Spiegen case is much more durable. You can tell just by holding the case that the materials used are much higher quality. You will not be disappointed.
This was one of the best earpiece experiences I have ever had. I used it at gym and work. It was awesome! Incredibly good sound, especially for its size. The battery life is amazing. Charger is easy to use, and when it comes off the charger, it is on, connected and ready to go. I also use this earbud when ever I drive. I can have a conversation with others in one ear and still be able to hear anything that goes on the road. Definitely will be buying more for gifts!
I guess what they say is true! Big bank does take little bank! I have owned 6 power banks thought my career and the one thing that was always missing was more battery. 20k mah fits my lifestyle perfectly and you cant beat the built in cables. Even though I will probably only use the lightning connecter. Its nice to have all charging options open just incase a friend needs some extra juice! Great product.
It protects the phone very well
I replaced this for a normal job. I know how to replace screens on any device and this was super easy
I just in love with this phone case. Very comfortable to hold in hands, also it's comes with screen protector.
Came with everything that you will need to install an amp (2 channel or Mono). Good quality wire and quick shipping. Cant beat the price anywhere.
I like this product and would order another one.
Awesome earbuds! Worth the price and very good sound quality! Especially if you listen to music with heavy bass you will notice it for sure.
man this battery is good ...very good i would recommend it .. am a heavy user too !!!!! i run my sell phone repair business off my v20 ...f$%^in love it
Seems to work well and reliably. Don't know yet how long it will last.
These work great and are still working months later.
I have had the screen protector and phone case on my phone for about 2 months. It fits great and having the screen protector included with the case was a great value and convenience. The case seems solid and I like the color.
Item as described, I like it
Best product. I go through my Charging cables very fast.. These will last a long, long time. Arrive on time. The packing is perfect. I'm glad to be right The length is very good. The family can be used at any time. Satisfied When I received my cables they came in a air tight package. They charge my phone just as good (if not better) as the original. Highly recommend this product!
Great sound quality! Comfortable to wear!
I love this charger! All the other charges I have, including the one that came with the pebble are very finicky and won't work unless they are perfectly aligned in the back. This charger makes the positioning very easy. When I stick my watching there the magnets sucks it right into place and it starts charging immediately. I've only charged with it a couple of times so far but it seems like it charges faster than any of the other charges I have is well. I wish I had bought this back when I first bought the watch.
For someone who is always losing things, this is perfect. Small, lightweight and pretty discreet. And it also helps me locate my phone even when on vibrate. Now I need one for purse, kids, everything lol!
I absolutely love theses leggings! I am 5'1 105lbs and I ordered a size XS and they fit perfectly. I only wish there were more color options for XS.
Great. Just what I needed.
Fits perfectly and was easy to apply with no bubbles
With the improvement of modern living standards. Many people like to travel by car. Tripod is a convenient photography equipment. This tripod has all the features you need. very good. Was this review helpful to you? .
I forgot to review this but I have been using it daily for 8 months now and have no problem whatsoever with sound, battery life or connectivity.
On my second one both after a month or so loose the speakers no sound . The radio unit still shows everything but no sound from the speakers. I wouldn't order this product again .
Very good value. Screen is very study.
I really like my IPhone. It was a great price and I was very pleased with the quality of it. Being that it is an older IPhone, I had to purchase a new battery for around $50.00 but it was worth it.
Very good product just got it yesterday and went river rafting today 4 of July and and no issues kept the water out all buttons work perfectly....awesome product!
I have purchased two of these and they are AWESOME. I have had for over 3 years and still working great!
Good customer service. Easy to install, GREAT tools. The company was VERY fast to reply to my email. Would still recommend.
This is a nice watchband. well worth the money. I only had it for a hour but It seem really tough. plus if you were to buy the watch link remover that they give you that would be over $5.00. I paid $6.00 for mine and its plastic this one is metal. I recommend it.
Sleek design, good price. Has a warranty, pleasant surprise. Also has the option to receive a free upgrade to the next model of my phone.
If your car's radio doesn't have bluetooth capabilities and only has an auxiliary port, then this device is what you need. Extremely easy to mount, pair and operate. It will automatically connect to the last device paired as soon as the vehicle is turned on or the power is supplied to it.
Had for almost a month, and the fit is comfortable and brings new life to my watch.During this period, I felt the advantage of this product: it has a very high durability and can be worn for two or three years.This is my highest praise for a product
It has been very useful for my day by day training routine.
It is easily paired with any bluetooth capable android device. I've tried lots of remote over the years. This is my favorite vr remote controller. It made me want to buy a vr headset!
The textured case is perfect for holding, yet can slip in/out of your pocket easily. Have had it for a month and it looks brand new. Color is great!
VERY SIMPLE TO PUT ON. Would recommend.
It can protect the mobile phone, maintain the appearance of the original mobile phone, give people a good sense of non-slip, and is not big Well-made and quickly shipped from it I have just received this letter, and effortlessly I think that if my phone doesn't start cracking, the screen saver will work perfectly original screen protector cracked after 6 months Crystal clear and the surface is super smooth I ordered a replacement screen and some insurance, these babies do not need to replace the glass again Touch screen works the same as before, without the protection of the interference It works as advertised Easy install, no bubbles, haven't tested hopefully won't Great customer service! After watching the video, both sides are relaxed Only unfortunate thing is that I had to buy a whole new glass protector
These nextec screens are great! I've had them for a while now and one finally cracked, but I still have two left! Super easy to take off and put the new one on.
Good long cord. Reasonably priced.
Fits well,as described.
This case fit my LG Stylo 5 perfectly, and it's not too bulky. I did a light bump test of the phone in the case on my counter top and it had some bounce to it. The stylo 5 is already so large that you really don't want a bulky case; this one does the job.
I got this as a backup power device for power outages, natural disasters, and traveling. I love that it has an option for solar and a flashlight and carabiner included. It was able to charge my phone (Galaxy S9) almost twice straight out of the box with two power bars. I would say it could charge it fully three times if it were fully charged. It recharges quickly when plugged into the wall.
I've gone through many cases and this is by far one of the best. Also you can't beat the price!!
Love the design "Tree of Life" and contrasting turquoise color. It was a bit difficult to fit the phone in the hard case part. I can't get over how fast it was delivered.
It's a 5 star for me the case is so beautiful and unlike other glitter cases these ones have more color to them. For example I purchased the silver one and instead of just getting a bunch of silver glitter it reflects light in a way that it looks like little dancing rainbows. Only problem I have with it though is it is one of those “take 20 minutes to put on and take off” kind of cases mine have no air bubbles as of now but I'll do an update after a few weeks of use
Very pretty and durable. It was a little bulky for me, but it's still a great case.
So far so good. Extra long cable that us definitely worth the extra expense...makes life so much easier. Seems good quality too although it's only been a short time
I got these for my wife and she loves them, I have become a fan of Treblab and I will most likely buy from them again. The sound on these earbuds is great, the battery life is excellent as well
These protectors are working great so far! I wear my watch all the time and I work in a construction field, so lots of dust and possibility of hitting it on something, but these protectors have kept the dust out and have protected my screen perfectly. Also I love that I can change the color of my watch whenever I want!
This is a great case, easy to apply, exactly as described. It's slim and has the rubber grip. No complaints!
Such a great product. I love that I can plug up to 4 things in at a time. I also like that it small and not big and bulky like others. The material quality is great to. Its not cheaply made. It's durable and overall and great buy
Excellent condition and item just as described
attached in a second, very easy to put on. specially with the curved screen
The hardest part of putting this case on my phone was lining up the clear plastic glass protector. Other than that, it's easy to put together. Excellent protection from drops- and if feels great to hold! Color's ok- nothing special. For the price I'm very happy and I hope it lasts!
This is a great deal! Battery life could last longer (but you could say that for any electronic). I use these every day at work and am very happy with the purchase. I have small to regular sized ears and the ear pieces can get a bit uncomfortable after several hours of use, but that's probably a personal problem.
This is a small, effective, and low profile phone holder for your car. I have a iPhone 6 & 5 with thick & thin cases. This tool works well with both those cases. I like the easy on/off of the phone from the holder. Definitely recommend this devise.
The look is super! On the down side it can pinch the skin a little bit if the band slightly turns on your wrist.
That is LG battery for my mom's flip phone. We wanted to upgrade her phone but she's so used to it and likes to put it in her purse. I decided to get a new battery because the other battery was obviously not staying charged. Ordered this battery under $8 shipped started in 2 days plugged it in charged it and she has no more issues with her old phone working correctly. Very good buy!
The band looks great and I have received numerous compliments about how classy it looks. I had a little issue with removing the links but once I got the hang of it the tool that comes with it is great and it was easy! Very nice band!
Pretty and powerful!
Its a very convenient item to avoid having to plug or unplug my phone each time when I get in/out of my car. I previously knew something about Qi wireless charging. The charging speed will be slower than cable charging. So I dont concern how fast it can really charge. The vent clip works very well if you could figure out how to correctly mount it. Amazon provides very fast shipping so I can receive it ealier and test it in my car for couple days. Very nice item!
As described, i think it protects my apple watch quite well
Wow! what a great value. Very easy to install even with a cat on my desk. Yes I wish the cut out at the top for speaker and sensor was better centered but I get it the sensor has to not be obstructed. I would buy again for the ease of install and the protection.
good case. it's protected my phone for over a year with no problems
I don't seem to have any allergic responses to this form of pasta unlike other brands typically sold in the US. Worth the cost.
EXCELLENT touchscreen sensitivity!! I bought a glass screen protector and I hated the way the touchscreen felt. Got this bases on reviews and I am completely pleased with the sensitivity it allows. Almost feels like I'm talking directly on the screen.
I used to alway misplace my keys. Well I still do but now I find them in seconds.
Compact and Fast Charging!
This product works great in the car.
Works perfectly fine with my iPhone7. It is lighter than the wireless case I had before. Plus, it looks much better.
The best case in the world. I only protect my phone with this case! Nothing else! Not a sleeve or a screen protector! NOTHING BUT THIS CASE! I have dropped my phone hundreds of times on concrete and other extremely hard surfaces and the screen did not shatter. The case was a little scrapped but the phone was completely fine! I have rebought this case many times to get a fresh scratch free surface but not because it broke. I also love it because it is stylish! Thank you for blessing the world with this case caseology! PS it is also very cheap which makes it an even better case!
Looks and works great.
This car phone holds very well. It attaches to your vents very securely. I had another one previously and when I hit a big bump, my phone would come crashing onto the ground. It was because it did not hold on to the vent shafts very well. This phone holder has 2 legs on it that helped stabilize any big road bumps.
The smart watch can track your steps and distance. When you wear on your wrist, it is not huge and actually stylish. It is suitable for daily use, you can wear this watch in your daily times when you don't want to carry your phone, and if you need to stay connected with other.
So I bought this a while back I waited before I can write the review. I love this product uses it on the car vent I'm afraid to stick it anywhere on my truck because I don't want any glue damages. It holds up my phone very nicely no titling or falling off when going over a speed bump. I have the iPhone 7plus with a card slot case its pretty heavy phone with the case. I love this for sure.
Sounds good. I like it!
Fast shipping and it was perfect.
Fit perfectly well and functions perfectly fine.
Perfect for my Apple watch. It protects my screen and is very touch sensitive so I don't have to press hard on my screen to get to the pages or answer a call. Just slides on and looks like it will protect from any banging since it is like a bumper.
This power pack is traveling friendly. It large capacity, can be folded into portable size, and can be charge on the go.
Was skeptical because these headphones are cheap and all the reviews are five stars, well, here goes another 5 stars one! For the price, you won't find anything better right now.
Exactly as advertised; no unexpected surprises! Highly recommend the charging station.
I have a pixel Android phone and I can get charges from this for at least 3 days, this bank is powerful, looks elegant very good quality but the most important it works the way it should very surprised with the quality.
Got these for my kid's phones for Christmas. They have held up great. They are not flimsy. They seem like they have great shock absorption and I like how well they grip in your hand. Great product for the price.
Excellent lightweight design.
Great product and fits well. Product as described on the product page.
I got this and I was thrilled! It is so beautiful I had a hard time finding a pop socket to put on it and I finally found the ring kind with a clear base! It was just to beautiful to cover up!!
Smartphone is very good. I'd like it. It's fast! It's cheaper than other phones. Very cheaper! Maybe so good like many expensive smartphones.
I got these just in time. The next day my dad accidentally dropped my phone and the screen protector broke instead of my phone (it did it's job). I am Just bought another to replace the one that cracked.
The product is easy to use, and I use it with my iPhone Xr.
These cables have exceeded my expectations! I had never heard of this brand before so I was skeptical but I could tell these were sturdy cables as soon as I got the box in my hands! The connectors are sturdy and very reinforced! They are a good length. They charge well and work with my Pioneer stereo in my car! I'm very happy with these.
The case is elegant and well made. Feels great in your hands and it fits the phone perfectly, also easy to take on and off. I'd recommend this to those who that looking for a leather case with simple design.I am very satisfied with my order!
easy to grip and durable
Very nice case. For those money the best. Very nice quality.
I would definitely recommend purchasing from this seller!
Great case it actually outlived the insides of the phone
Fits great and keeps a low profile. Doesn't interfere with phone operations or screen protectors. I don't use the kickstand but that's nice to finally have as a feature. Price is great too, under $20.
I love simple phone cases. I really just want to protect my phone especially now that I have a baby. This one looks great because it seems like it can protect the phone extremely well! I am extremely satisfied. Great seller too as the case came promptly and packaged extremely well.
Sturdy, holds up well to use
I have one cat and usually there's hair everywhere in my room. I Can't wait to use this product when it arrived. Opened right away when I got it. I first tried it on my bedsheets. It works really well! All the hairs where brushed down to the floor. Much cheaper and useful than tapes or rollers!
Color is what I expected. I would recommend getting the watch band.
Was able to use this to charge a phone as well as use a headphone adapter. Can use anything that uses a lightning cable at the same time as something else with a lightning cable. Very well made. Doesn't seem like it will fall apart any time soon. Great product!
Only thing I don't like is that you can't charge it when its in the clip case. Oh well not necessary.
I needed a new phone case and my friend told me this one was good so I got one and it looks great
Well built car charger , charges two phones at the same time .
Love it, I was a little intimidated removing the links to make it smaller but it was a piece of cake !!
Very easy to install, I replaced ones that were already in my boat. Sound great!
I have been very, very hesitant about getting the "not glass" screen protectors, but after reading about problems all over the internet on the curved screens, I finally bit the bullet and went with this. I have been pleasantly surprised with how it's turned out. Installation was super easy and forgiving. It may not be QUITE as slick feeling as the glass but it is plenty smooth enough that I would never suggest that it takes away from the functionality or feel of my phone. Plus after a number of months of use, it looks brand new. It isn't picking up dirt and dust around the edges at all. It isn't beginning to peel. It's perfect still.
Is long lasting in my laptop computer. Just as good as a name brand battery.
Very please with my 2 in 1 changer , it charges my my iPhone XMax and my Apple Watch very fast all in one . Very cool sleek and modern Design, would highly recommend , great buy .
bought multiple of these, all work well. no issues at all.
if you need to use it for an iPhone xs max then it works great. If you are looking for charger and need to fully charge then use a battery case is more appropriate.
I love that these come with a portable charger , and the volume is amazing on these also!
I've bought bundles of cables in the past from other sellers, only to be disappointed as one-by-one they break. I bought this bundle a couple months ago, and I'm still on my first cable. So that's a pretty good sign! I also like the tight fit when I plug into a device. Makes me think these are a bit more tough than other brands. Time will tell, but as of right now, I'm pretty happy with these!
Fits my phone perfectly. This case is very durable and has lasted me over a year..I'm actually ordering it again. I drop it all the time and it has never cracked or anything. It has normal wear and tear and the color started chipping around the edges. The color is slightly different than pictured..in person its more of a purple tone than blue but it's still really pretty. Overall I really love this case.
Strong, easy to install and looks great. What more can you say!!!
Perfect for what I needed it for
A really great idea!! It looks really nice too!
at first i was a little confused by the instructions but then it took me by surprise that it was probably one of the most clever ways to put a phone screen on without messing it up!! - great way to put it on the steps are a little timely but its worth it! i have never successfully been able to put a phone screen on until i got this one!
This case was a gift. Sturdy and was well liked.
Sound is very good. No connectivity issues. Various size earbuds.
We never received the first brush we ordered as we received an empty package. I contacted the company and they shipped another one out to us asap and this brush has been great for grilling chicken. Great brush and great service
Not much to not like
Easy to install with no bubbles at all and stays cleaner than the factory screen
Very good quality lightning cable. I would recommend them to anyone. They're very sturdy and longer than the standard iphone lightning cables. I travel constantly, So I'm always coiling, Packing, And uncoiling them and there's no sign of wear at all. The ends/connections are more solid and beefy than the Apple cables, So I'm expecting them to last a long time. For the price this cable is top notch.
love the case. it has saved my phone a handful of times already.
Perfect for my 2018 Tacoma.... mounted to right of steering wheel just above AC vent. Best and cleanest looking solution for this truck without blocking AC vent. Very strong magnet won't let phone slip or twist.
Great product! I would recommend! So comfy and cute!
So far so good . Works great. Going from a lg to an iPhone . Still getting used to this .
Works great. Battery life could be longer.
I was at work and looked at my phone and the tempered glass was broken and not my screen I was really glad I bought the screen protectors.
Great Wallet for the 8 Plus. Love the design & how easy the phone fits. The case looks & feels like Genuine leather. Additionally being able to take the phone off the inside of wallet and use without case another unique feature.
better than expected!
I now have a charging dock at work and in my purse. They work perfectly.
Fast delivery and easy to install.
works great. bluetooth. i don't think the switch is waterproof so i think that would need protecting from the elements. keep it away from water, but drink lots of water.
I really like this my phone looks so cute
I love the kickstand and it's just big enough to protect the phone and not be over sized in my hands. Thinking about getting my gf one as well.
Looks great and fits phone
Great product at huge savings! Works wonderful on my dry skin! This would also make a great gift.
Great price, extremely easy to apply. It's like I have a new phone. Touch screen response has improved.
I purchased these batteries for my telephone hand sets. They are working fine so far.
I've dropped my phone so many times in the last year I've had this case and whenever I have taken my phone out of the case to look at it, it doesn't have a scratch on it. Honestly really good case by Spigen, definitely one of their better ones. I've had some of their other ones before and they've cracked on me within the first month. Not this one!
Works very well. I needed a simple wifi range extender to get a little bit more range downstairs and this does the trick perfectly
Wow. Just WOW ! Love this watch. Perfect companion for my Samsung 5 active. Keeping disable the WiFi the battery last almost 2 days. I did charge it every night anyway, but I always arrive at half charge in a day,. Fantastic !
My husband ordered this case he use it for his samsung s7 it works fine for him!
The cable is awesome; super sturdy and came in nice packaging.Would definitely purchase again... But I doubt this one will break anytime soon.
Excellent band, very quick delivery!! Ok
Fast shipping, durable and just as described. Daughter loves it.
This ring light is great! It's especially good because you can just connect it to your computer or portable charger via USB! I was honestly looking into getting a ring light for awhile. I'm glad I'd purchased this one because it's small yet powerful! It has adjustable settings, and is easy to pack for travel. I highly recommend it!
I got this screen protector for my husband. He has sat on his phone and broke the screen a few times. So far so good. He has not broke his screen since he has had this protector on it. He is happy.
Works great! Got here really fast. Love it!
good product quick delivery
I love the fact that I can not only control the volume on this, but also skip songs! This is extremely helpful when I was walking, cycling, even cooking. And the sound quality is excellent.
I love this case. It meets all of my needs and fits well in my purse.
Great product, works as advertised.
Solid construction. Not as flimsy as the other inexpensive type C cords out there.
I like these. They don't hurt my ears and do help block out sounds. That's what I was looking for.
It came beautifully packaged. It allows you to charge your phone and listen to music at the same time. It's very compact and easy to carry around. Small enough to carry round and charging is fast. You can also sync at the the same time
Fits great and easy application, I'll be getting more in the future for sure and telling my friends about it
It is very convenient to use and it is very light. You can hold it in your hand and stand on the ground.
This Fitbit replacement band is better than the original. My original band disintegrated in less than a year even with daily cleanings. For the cost of single Fitbit OEM replacement band, very good price,
Love my case for iPhone X. Great Drop Protection and could see the beautiful backing of the phone. Works well with wireless charging. Would recommend it to friends.
I forget to charge my phone at night a lot, and I won't notice until I'm out and about and my phone is dying. This phone case is amazing. It's easy to use and it charges my phone well. No more worrying about my phone dying anymore, but obviously I do have to remember to make sure the battery case is charged.
Just what I needed to connect a mini camera to my laptop to review video on camera. Works perfectly. Good price.
Exactly what I wanted.
I have studied for a few days and can use the 4 cameras better and better. The most interesting lens is the fisheye, captured my lazy cat so cute. The telephoto lens can enlarge the subject, but it's not far from the original camera. The wide-angle lens is at least 20% wider than phone lens. The macro is very clear, and it looks like a magnifying glass. Going out with this set of lenses, saved so much money to buy an SLR.
awesome product use it every week in a different rental car and have had no issues yet.
Working great for walking and while I'm at work.
Versatile because it can be mounted directly to a full-size tripod. As a production teachers, this is great for the students who use their smart phones to film their videos.
Not necessarily audiophile sound but very very good for the price. Comfortable fit, good battery life & easy to connect!
love it charges my things pretty quick although not quick enough sometimes. overall great product.
Works really well, very cheap fix for cars that don't have a system enabling them to play music from their phone. Very easy to use and the sound quality is great. When I was looking in stores some FM transmitters were $70 +, glad I looked around and got this.
For the price , it is a good piece and makes the phone look more sleeker.
Just what I needed at a very reasonable price.
I use this daily and it works perfectly
Exactly as advertised. Keeps everything organized. This is the second stand I've tried and it's a keeper.
Quality of this belt clip is superior without restriction. My Samsung 7 with hard case fits in the Belt clip easily, with room to spare.
Otter box doesn't come in allot of pretty colors but I'm glad I found this. I love it for my little girl. And it protects her phone and hard to take off for kids.
Incredibly well built and offered at such great prices. I had the basic Silk case as well as the wallet version for my iPhone X and knew I was coming right back after picking up the iPhone 11 Pro. The clear one version be a little slick on the back, but the bumper grips really help with that. Probably will do the same thing and buy the wallet version as well.
Protector. No more scratches. Super fine screen protector and smooth. I can still touch the screen fine and no lagging. I cant even tell the difference of the original screen and the screen protector. Perfect fit and gives more nicer look on the watch.
YES!!!! I can finally wear my smart watch again! No complaints here. Works great!
looks just like the picture and it's all good.
They are smaller then I expect, very tiny and very easy to hide inside top of the roof. video quality also very good, and comes with the dual usb charger.
This product is very simple to use,has great surround sound & lightweight, easy to take anywhere
It is smaller than what I thought. Light, easy to use. And you can connect to your phone with Bluetooth easily.
These bags are very nice. The drawstring is high quality and the bag itself is breathable. Good stuff 👍🏼
No complaint. Love this charger! For my husband. They've allowed my fast chargers to work quickly and effectively. High quality and very vaule for this price .
good quality, little stiff but looses up with wear
I have had no problems with this case. Sound from speaker and during calls is clear. Touch screen sensitivity works great, as well as camera and buttons. It passed the water test, and looks really cool; not too bulky.
Great low profile case. Seems to give the phone solid protection and a nice grip on the phone and
I use this in my 02 Civic and it works perfectly. Looks great and is much cleaner looking than a traditional mount..im actually about to buy a second one for my wife
Bought this for my son's phone. He had bought one from the store when he bought the phone. Case would not seal. This one worked perfect for him.
this pad that I receive it is pretty nice to use it and safe just drop the phone on top of it it will charge by itself
My wife had a Snakehive case for her Samsung S8, so when we upgraded to the S10, we both opted for Snakehive. Upon receiving the cases, it was apparent they are high quality and durable. They are very attractive as well. My wife's previous case continued to look good after over 2 years of use. Highly recommend!
Great Quality product; Adhesive is strong. Cards stay secure
I bought these for my husband to use for printed music to play from on his iPad. He marks dynamics in the various colors available on the program. He said these are the best he's ever had!🎶
These are very nice cables and the colors are great fit in phone charge fast all good
Easy to install it and has very strong adhesive tape. The ring is lightweight so won't make your phone heavier. I like it that it doesn't scratch easily and looks pretty nice. A great product for its price.
Love mines for my 8+ brought 3 more for 3of my friends & they love the case. I wish they come out with one for my Note 9
So I'm a unicorn freak lol. I just received this in the mail. It's better than I expected color wise. Although cheaply made... I'm still loving it.
This is a nice comfortable band that holds up well even in water. It's color is pretty accurate to the color shown, unlike some other brands I've tried to order in the same material
UPDATED REVIEW: SO IF YOU'RE HAVING TROUBLE WITH THE BEEPING NOISE I'VE FIGURED OUT THE CHARGER WAS NEXT TO MY LAMP WITH A METAL BASE. I MOVED THE LAMP AWAY FROM THE CHARGER AND THE BEEPING HAS CEASED. So if there are metal objects around the charger try putting a little distance between them. The charger itself is pretty convenient it charges my iPhone fairly quickly. There are some issues with the Apple watch charger though, it takes way longer to charge the watch than the factory watch charger, so it really only seems convenient for overnight charging. Also there is that incessant beeping as the watch is charging.
I have had several car mounts but they all break or fall very easily. I love how sturdy this one is. It's easy to turn to different directions and easy to install. I installed it on the opening for the CDs. So far, I haven't had any issues.
Great IPad cover very sturdy great design. Beautiful and Very Functional!
Great product works perfect for my Audi a5
Its a great product. The applicator is a really useful thing , it keeps the screen protector in place and so much easy to apply . The pack has 3 screen protectors . I would give it 5 star for the privacy factor too ... Happy with the Purchase 😁
Great price and fits practically every phone. Your case can make it a tight fit depending how thick it is but still works.
Awesome pack of 2. Both work the way they're supposed to, seller was attentive.
I got it for my boyfriend and he loves it a lot probably more than he loves me.
This wallet case is great for those busy women. I don't have to carry a purse anymore.
It does what the manufacturers say it does.
My fiance loved his Christmas gift.
I was not sure if I was going to like this band? But I took a chance. I'm very happy I did, so far. The one thing I did not anticipate was how infinite it would be to adjust. It's so nice to be able to get the band to the perfect size! Now my watch is not to right or to lose. I will say it took a few mins to figure out how to mount the watch. But once I figured it out the rest was easy. It fits well looks sharp and I am happy with my purchase. I did not wear my Gear s3 often because it was uncomfortable. I can see that I will wear it more now!
I never go wrong with Anker. I had previously bought the PowerCore 26800 to take on a 2 week hike. While the battery power was awesome, it was also almost a full lb and ended up being overkill for hiking. So I got this battery bank to replace it. So far I love it! Way smaller and lighter than the 26800 but more than enough for my needs. Haven't taken it backpacking yet but used on a recent trip to NY at a sporting event and it was able to keep 3 phones charged that day! The only negative is that it does not come with a wall charger. (you can use any wall charger... but it won't charge as fast as it can with the PD wall charger). Their reasoning is people who have a PD device would already have the wall charger. I still say this is just a way for them to avoid costs as there are many more people who do not have a PD device than there are who do. I think most people would be fine with a regular charger but part of the reason I bought this is on long hikes I would need to be re-charging this battery during lunch stops in towns along the trail. I won't have hours to spend charging so was attracted to the fast charge rate listed in the description. I contacted anker tho and they did ship me out a wall charger so I'm not deducting any stars for that. The product itself, is awesome and despite the wall charger issue, I highly recommend this battery bank if you need a powerful, fast, and relatively lightweight battery. Also Anker's customer service is great.
Is a beautiful case. I love it!
arrived as expected and work great, good screen protection
Love this watch band for dressing up my watch on special occasions.
This is a great phone. Good weight
The product comes in a good presentation, easy to open, looks good quality, brings the pad two film, cleaning solution and brings installation instructions.
I bought this because I really wanted the Bluetooth and the USB port. I am in LOVE with the touch screen!! Never thought that would happen. My husband installed it. He is an electronic engineer so it was super easy for him. Easy to program too. I love being able to use the Bluetooth and the USB port. Really good radio for the price. Cheap packaging, but don't let that fool you.
Great quality wallet case. By far the best leather wallet case I have ordered. This iphone wallet case looks really professional and is very sturdy. perfectly fit, good design. Would recommend!
What I liked about this product is that it had a good variety of colors to choose from. I shopped around and other brands did not have that option.
Looks just like a Apple Watch and works perfect like a fit bit. In love with this gift. Perfect to give son or father
This made me so happy to be able to listen to music with my earphones and charge my phone, finally something really useful for my phone. Pitty Apple didn't have this when the iPhone 7 came out
Great case. My husband has had one for his iPhone for awhile now and loved it. So I had to get one for my pixel and so far, it's great!
No problems with Lenovo USB C laptops. Good (not excellent but good) finish for the price. Haven't run voltage testing on it but I trust it is putting through the rated power.
Good condition, keeps my phone secure.
This product is great and the price is right. Easy to put on too! Thanks!
Good case. Works well with my phone. Seems to hold up well also.
A great product for the price. It works well with my phone, and is a lot more comfortable than the hard plastic holsters I have been using.
This case is solid without adding too much extra material or bulk
It really protect the phone.
Exactly what I was looking for. Something thin that doesn't add unnecessary bulk, and gives me a better grip over the phone. I'm pretty careful with my phones, so I don't need to extra protection some of the other cases provide. For that price, I'm super happy with this case.
Looks as beautiful as the picture, easy to install
I got this case because I use apps on my phone all day and it drains the battery constantly. I don't have regular access to a charge port, so I need something that will give that extra boost. The official Apple battery case charges the phone constantly until it runs out. This doesn't allow the phone to fully reach its potential in terms of battery life. This case allows you to control when and how much to charge it. Pros: You turn the charge feature when you want and can turn it off. Case is more durable than official Apple case. Takes same charge cord as IPhone, not microusb. More extra life than Apple battery case Cons: No front protection. But then, not many do.
Very good product Needs 12 will charger
I love the Otterbox Clear - this is my 3rd time ordering one for an iPhone & this one, although harder to get on, is much more durable! It is an improved version, and I think it will be less likely to turn yellow because of the durability & what it's made from; however, the back does scratch easily! Overall, considering price, etc., great purchase!
I bought two of these cases because they were so cheap and feeling from the reviews I read ahead that they'd have the right feel. Sure enough they came and were stiff but at enough flexibility to pop off easily (I use the space between case and phone to store my transit card). Works perfect ...only thing is sometimes I pop the card in the position of the finger sensor and often have to slide it out of the way to unlock the phone...but that's not the cases fault (silly finger placement can't wait until they go to in screen sensors). Note on color, I bought the black and a red case...but the red case quickly picked up indigo from my designer jeans which I've had to already clean off...again , not the cases fault but if you tend to wear designer jeans this may assert it self if you plan on buying the lighter colored cases and often slip your phone into your pants pockets. Anyway...great case.
I like the fact that I can recharge my phone while on the go!
This is the best product, it holds my 8 inch tablet with no problems at all,I hit bumps just to see if it would fall,and it doesn't..and it's very easy to take off and on,without using two hands,I would give it 10 stars,and would recommend this...
Took this on a 3 week European vacation and it worked great! It charges an iPhone X incredibly fast if you use a USB-C to Lightning cord. I believe one full charge would recharge my iPhone about 5 times. The material feels high quality and sturdy. It fit easily into my small backpack, but I would not recommend this for long distance backpackers at it is far too heavy.
Possibly one of the easiest installations I've had, with perfect results. Very happy with this one!
The screen protector is just a great product! It was so easy to put on my phone! And the price was great for what you got! Thank you!!
I ordered this for my old car and it did not disappoint. The camera is of good size and great quality. The installation took just a bit longer than I expected but it was worth an effort once I installed it. I have been using it for few days and did not have any issues yet. The cost I paid was reasonably good for quality I got.
It came quickly and worked great!
This is brilliant I bought one for my Samsung galaxy S7 edge then I upgraded to the S8 and gave the S7 to my wife so bought another one of these chargers. They are so simple to use, you just stand your phone on them no more connecting the lead to the bottom of your phone and having someone call you and your restricted to answer by the length of the lead. This is just a phone stand place your phone on it and hey presto it's charging. Really convenient!
Does what it's supposed to do. Allows me to charge my phone wirelessly in my car. The only downside is that there isn't a version of this (that I know of) that hooks into a CD slot instead of a vent. The vent on my car isn't in the best place, so I kind of hit my phone when I'm driving with my right hand, but that's not this product's fault.
Nice band, came with 4 quick release pins and all tools necessary to remove links.
This was a gift for my brother. Comes in a really nice case. Easy to connect to phone. Good sound qualitu too
I brought this to my 10-year-old son. He likes it very much. He has been wearing it day and night for the past four days, with 50% of the battery left. Good smart watch price! It can also guarantee the connection between my son and me! Setting operation is also very simple for the son, it is worth recommending!
Just like the picture!
Love this phone and great price
Usually I'm wary of buying lightning cables that aren't official Apple product... BUT... this one:Looks good,Well made, strong, durable,Very reasonably priced,Works as well as an apple cable.No complaints at all! I'm very happy with it, my fiancee has also bought one from my recommendation.Would buy (and have bought!) again.
Everything fits nicely into place and all my stuff is organized and I don't have wires everywhere. It does what it's supposed to do, so I have no complaints.
I am very pleased with this lens. I am a beginner and this lens to be just what I needed for a wide angle and macro lens. Upon doing some research this ,This lens has received good reviews on several sites. So far it has taken beautiful pictures.
Really looks good. Exactly what it says it is.
I admit that I was a bit skeptical when I pruchased this case. However, when it arrived I was shocked. The dark blue leather that holds your cards is beautifully designed. It has a slim fit and I don't have to worry about any of my cards falling out of the back. The kick stand slot is great as well hold the card without any damage. Highly recommend this case!
Love this card holder, holds all I need to just carry my cell phone and be prepared.
For the price this tracker is great.. I like that it alerts me when someone calls with the contact name and that I can set it to vibrate when I've been inactive for awhile.. I wished it stayed connected to my phone.. I'm not sure if this is an issue with the product or my phone since I do have issues with my phone already.. the display is easy to read tho and I can count my steps and check progress easily from the tracker itself
I've dropped my phone so many times and it's perfectly fine with this case on.
Super Great! Love how it is made with care!
fits perfectly and it comes with a screen protector can't beat this deal.
My husband wanted a band that would wear cooler. This was the only one we could find that was not made of some kind of plastic or rubber. My husband loved this one. He said it wore much cooler.
I used to have to constantly sit on the hard ground against the wall next to an outlet. No more. I can be anywhere in a room and charge my phone just fine. Some people judge me when they first see my 10 foot cord, but when they see me lounging in a chair while they are tethered to the wall, I'm the one laughing.
Works well! I really like it for hikes.
Really nice headphones. Good sound. Fit well. I would definitely buy again.
This wallet is so convenient! I don't like to carry a ton of stuff or a very large purse. I've always been a sucker for the name brand wallets in he past- but this one is so much better. I can keep my phone, all my credit cards & loyalty cards, cash, and my keys in this tiny compact wallet (I have a keyless entry car- so I just need my keys on me and don't have to pull them in and out). Lately, I've just been taking the wallet places and haven't had a need for a full size purse. Can't beat that!!
Came in a small box, with the stand and the charger. Easy to assemble - just slide the donut charger onto the nub. The charger adjusts vertically very easily and holds its position. Removing the charger from the stand is a little hard, but that's probably a good thing - it stays together really well. All in all, for the price, this product works quite well.
The iPhone X is water resistant but since I live by the water I don't take any chances. It's great to know that it's ok regardless of an accidental drop in submerged water. Looks nice, sleek and should work well.
Bought this so my wife could have them convenience of wireless charging. Works well, although it is probably not the most protective phone case. I have one of the flat and one of the upright wireless chargers and this one seems to make a better connection with the flat one . Works quite well for what it is.
Shipped quickly and well packaged
Shipped and received in a very timely manner. Product works exactly as advertised!
A must have if purchased the Nebula device. Just the right size and protective places for Nebula. Which is a great projector! Getting more for our Associates as prizes! Awesome device!
Perfect especially when dropped
I liked it but returned it because it did not work well with my iPhone 8 plus in a life proof case.
I got this for my high school grandson. He plays ball and is often at practice or away with the team. Within two days of getting it, he had accidentally let his phone battery almost die. He attached this charger and he says it worked as advertised.
I love this case it's super cute and I've already dropped it a few times and it's done great
I work out just fine it's what i was looking for.
Loved it ! So cute and reliable, helps you get a good grip on your phone especially when takin pictures.
Solid case very well made!
Really great value for the money. I would recommend this case. I will likely buy more cases from this seller.
Sturdy, sleek design, a lower profile.. Very nice.
Love this I use this to do all my diamond art..it makes it a whole lot easier to see the symbols on diamond art
Works great with our Galaxy S8s and previously with our Motorola Droids.
The fastest charger I've ever bought!!
Easy to install with included alignment tray. Had it on within minutes, no bubbles! Great quality and value for three protectors. Doesn't even feel like there is anything on my screen. No complaints at all!!
Will buy again. Great product, fit on the screen perfectly.
The left earbud also chips out at random times, even when I'm being sedentary. That being said, these are not terrible earphones. The small size makes them very portable.
success! I have tried to use the wireless adapter connector. This interface should be suitable for synchronization, not just charging, it is suitable for iTunes on my PC. Other cable adapters have also been tried, but this also does not work. Only this 30-pin adapter cable works.
I get so many compliments on this case. It's very cute and I like silicone, however I wouldn't say it's very protective. On a scale of 1-10 for protection being the worst to the best I'd give it a 6. I think silicon cases are better than hard cases but they're still not that great.
I'm really satisfied with this product. I usually charge three to four devices at the same time. Also, like the ability to turn the light off but keep the charge on. It does the job pretty well. Definitely recommend this brand if you are looking for this type of device.
This is my favorite case for the note 9. It fits perfectly, provides grip and has enough contour and design to keep it not looking like a dull fingerprint magnet. The smokey Grey goes great with the blue note 9. I've had this similar case on my note 8 and was a fan as well. All cut outs and ports are lined up accurately and it slim enough without cutting corners on protection.
I like this little player. It has a metal case, Bluetooth, and clear sound. It plays videos, voice recorder, calendar, alarm and it has a FM radio too. It has 8gb of internal memory. It could feel a little more solid. But for this price, I'm happy.
The LED is so clear so that I can see the number even in the sun. The speed of charging is also fast. Meets my expectations.
It is so pretty and makes it easier to hold my phone as well.
The are attracted to magnets and stick to stuff. Don't know what else to say. Works as advertised.
This is my favorite case! It's easy to take off and on while also being super durable!
Perfect fit for the phone. Looks and feels great!
Two years later , I am writing a review. This case is still good and I can still use it but I'm getting a new one because it's a little worn. I got the same kind except with the strap and I am hoping that the quality is just as good as this one
Very easy and they give you a video for installation to help you ever step of the way
I have tried expensive units that work well. Comparing this unit for the price I am surprised as performance, battery life, sound quality exceeds my expectations. I use this device for lots of streaming content, phone calls, audio textbooks and when running and working out and all is well. The fit into my ear is even a perfect fit. In the past other units that allow adjusting the device to conform to my other ear would break over time so, I am careful to not adjust as much. The feature I miss the most is a verbal auto answer or reject. This device requires me to push the button on the piece or disconnect using my cell phone, but overall I am happy. I plan to purchase another unit to keep as a backup and one for my wife. I wish there were Bluetooth devices for my German Shepard!!
Charges our Stylo 4 phones quite fast. So far they are holding up strong
I took my iphone into the ocean with me with these and it is AMAZING. We got so many great photos without fear and I've continued to bring it into the pool and even the bath! Who doesn't want to browse while you soak your achey muscles. Great value, have been sturdy, and work well- no soggy phones yet!
Easy to use and even has a detachable remote control!
The Bolt series is feature packed. The kickstand is handy, the case itself is a BEAST, solid as a rock. Makes the phone much easier to hold. The belt clip holder has been a blessing, Secure and not in my pocket. The tempered glass screen saver is a bonus, , But. It requires a bit more pressure to function the screen correctly. No biggie, I'll get used to this. A super great value. 👍👍 G.
Works great and the price is just right!
This works very well, not quite the angle I had hoped for but the handle bars not the mount is the problem
This case fits easily onto my iPhone 8 PLUS. I like that it's easy to hold on to and if I needed to take it on and off, I could do that easily. Having unique looking cases for my phone is important so I can tell them apart (personal and work). Great product!
From what I purchased as a protection plan didn't cover my product. However, it was understood after completing the claim, my protection plan didn't work for what I purchased. I blame Walmart people who offer the plan and didn't explain the expectations of the plan. I never would have gotten a 2 year protection plan. Money wasted!!!
Does everything they say it does. It's just great!
I love the color n how sturdy it is
This thing is amazing for the price! Once I set up the Bluetooth It automatically hooks to my phone when I get in the car to make things super easy and no cords you have to mess with but comes with the cords Incase someone else wants to control music. Sound quality is great once you find a good station to transmit through absolutely love it!
Great sound. I didn't have any feedback or buzzing. I used it for about a year. It connected very fast. Absolutely loved it! So during that time, it was great! I used it quite a bit. Now it won't connect. I don't know if the phone updated, I put the plug in wrong, or I washed my face with it in. Now it won't connect. I get the feeling that it is a 50/50 chance of getting a great headset. I have purchased 2 other types of these, not as good as this one.Might be luck of the draw, when I see the other reviews.
I was very happy with both the product and with Amazon's fast shipping.
I LOVE this case. First off the color is so pretty! It's so soft and comfortable in my hands. I have the iPhone Xs Max and it does add a little more bulk to it but not enough to make me not like it. It's my go-to case. It has that rubbery matte feel to it. It can collect some lint if you put it in your pocket but it wipes right off. I attached a pop socket on the back. It didn't stick well so I followed another reviewers advice and used loc-tite epoxy super glue and it's on there really well and it ain't coming off! I've gotten lots of compliments on it because the color is so pretty. I plan on buying other colors as well.
Love this case. Would buy again
Before I couldn't get any 4g signal and now I can. This works great. It comes with all the equipment needed to set this up.
The Alpha Glass with the Otter box has already paid off protecting my phone. I'm hard on smart phones haha.
I am Lyft driver.i drive more than 15hrs a day.I brought two backup mirrors within two year.but the quality is bad and expensive.and both mirrors is justs about 1 year life.but right now this one is amazing quality and is very cheap.Thanks
I don't recommend swinging on them, But you probably could.
Works and looks great.
I was looking for a versatile adapter to hold my phone on a tripod. This was the best solution I could find. Well made, NOT plastic, good grip and easy to use. This holder is flexible and reliable. No regrets at all.
Well worth the money
I like that it is a slim case. It provides a barrier and protects my phone in case of a fall. Good purchase for the price.
I can't recommend this product enough. Last year, only a week after I bought the dang phone, I found out exactly why you need a product like this by dropping my phone. I had a case, but it didn't have anything protecting the front. Over the last year, this cover has protected my phone against drops and scratches wonderfully, while being so unobtrusive that it feels like there's nothing there at all. Definitely follow the directions closely, though, because once it is on, it's on for good.
Case is lightweight and covers lip of phone but if you want a really high quality protecting case this is probably just to thin for that
Went on smooth. Works great!
Very good quality, thank you
I love it, very good and reliable case.
we got this for my husbands big lifted ford that already has a huge screen in the dashboard for music and everything. my husband installed this in about 30-45 min and only needed a few extra screws he had bc he wanted to secure it extra for his own worries. lol. once he got it all on and set up it went to his screen and works like a charm.
This one is too large for me -- it was returned. Nothing wrong, just too big to fit in pocket
unbelievable price for great headphones. Earpiece comfortable. Selection of small, medium, large ear piece.
Great deal. Low price and has everything you need. Bought this as a gift for my niece when she was starting middle school. It's easy to set up parental controls from google families. Also, its's a dual SIM phone. I'm even considering getting one for myself.
Great purchase! It's my I watch perfect and easy to attach!
has a bit of a rubbery feel that keeps it secure in your hand, but keep in mind that while laying the phone on a table it will be shaky due to a bump in back of case
It works great so far. It is much faster than my other charger.
I love the purple color of this product! It feels very durable! The only thing I didn't like about it is the plastic screen protector. It just got dirty and hazy after awhile and it made the phone screen less resistant to touches. I popped it off.
I really liked the stickers to be able to line up the protector before sticking it on the phone. It has only been on my phone a few days but I really like it.
Perfect case to show off the mesmerizing color of the orchid grey S8+! Seems like good protection as well and it lines up perfectly with Whitestone's Dome Glass screen protector. Was a fantastic deal as a Amazon warehouse item.
I love this band! It's so light and very comfortable. It matches my rose gold Fitbit perfectly. The clasp is scratched slightly but I wear this daily as a stay at home mom so it gets messy. It was fairly easy to remove the links with the tools provided.
Very nice. There are no air bubbles. The glitter moves very easily. The screen protector is nice and works just fine. The case is hard and a little bulky but i'm fine with it, and also the case is rubber by your buttons (volume, power, and charger hole). I recommend this product if you are looking for a hard case.
This things was so helpful on my friend and I's trip to Europe. We went to London, Dublin and then around Scotland and this was easy to bring along and worked perfectly for every outlet.
seller has no problems backing their products
I like the price and the product is extremely well made.
The other cases I got from the phone store already had a crack in them after two weeks and were twice as expensive as these. Even if you only have one phone, it's great to have backups just in case.
Good solution. Works fine.
We are using this as a Phone holder on our Mic Stands at Church. The Worship Team uses them for lyrics so they do not have to have an additional stands. These will attach to anything! they are very nice, sturdy and have a long neck so you can reach quite a ways or you can bend it to be shorter. This was a great buy for us!
Excellent build, fit, and sound quality!
This is so cool item, so I can imagine how I used to be without it.its most important while camping. Now I'm every time carrying it with me.
This was the exact case my boyfriend has been looking for. Great quality. Case even works on wireless charger. Phone case does remove from folding cover.
Good product, fast shipping, will buy again
Tried several cases for my Oneplus 7 pro but Poetic is unbeatable.
I like the fact that it syncs with my phone which helps me keep track of the weight and other aspects like BMI, Protein or Skeletal Muscle. I find it easy to use and it is just fancy looking. Loving it!
This really feels like a higher quality case than what you are paying for. I did not expext the materials to feel as premium as they are. You can't go wrong with this case for the price. It's nice to have a phone case and wallet in one and this case does a great job of that. I highly recommended it
I really like that this transmitter has given me so many different ways to listen music in my car. It's very important fo me, because I have 13 years old car. Very straight forward and easy to use. You don't have to worry about batteries running out because it plugs right in to the cigarette lighter in your car. Good brand!
Tried some other Bluetooth transmitters but they did not work as well. I have two teenage sons so I've tried a few. This one is great quality with a clear and stable connection!
Very nice and slim. Fits tight and barely noticeable. Like a fine condom lol
It looks very classy but I got it at a very cheap price, I had no skeptical when I got it,because it so high-quality and fits my watch so well!It is a super band!
my daughter adores stitch.. this was super cute for her phone
Absolutely amazing and powerful case
As an IT, I should know better when it comes to technology. This so far is one of the best charger I have. Wireless and no over-heating. It's a little bit bulky but I am more of a performance and quality person.
This is the second one I've purchased...my teen stole mine! This holds my phone so I can use the GPS or just to keep it handy and not sliding around my console. Just be careful in the winter with the heat hitting your phone through the vent. I've placed the magnet in the upper furthest corner so that the least amount of heat is touching my phone. That seems to work just fine. I purchased this one so I didn't have to stick anything permanent to my dash.
Saturday morning I decided to have a day of pampering and got out this hair mask. First, it smells amazing and feels incredible. I really got it from my hair ends to my scalp. I wrapped my hair in a towel and put on a clay mask, and painted my toenails. The hair mask was definitely a treat. I have A LOT of naturally curly fine hair, so I like to treat it well so it stays well hydrated. It was shiny and beautiful after I rinsed, dried and styled it. My regular conditioner I can leave a bit on my ends, but after having this mask on I could feel how awesome my scalp and hair felt while my hair was still wet. I did leave the mask on for about 1/2 hour instead of the recommended 15 just because I needed time for my face mask to dry and honestly, I like to keep hair masks on as long as I can tolerate it. I usually have to add a little coconut oil to hair masks, but not with this one! Thanks, this is going to be my Saturday morning date, thinking I will try to do it once every week or two.
I am hoping not to have to test this glass. I had one glass case on my son's phone and it did not protect the phone screen and there was a warranty on the glass, but the warranty was just for the screen protector and not the phone. The fit for this case was across the phone well enough to protect the phone and not interfer with the case surrounding the phone.
I've had this on for a month. I only have one slightly small bubble in the corner that comes and goes on it's own. I've dropped the phone twice screen side impacting and no issues. The screen is clear and I haven't had issues with screen sensitivity. I would recommend this screen protector as it comes with a spare as well.
Charges fast and keeps all devices with one cable.
this is a great item for your s10 installs easy and works great
bought this for my grandmother! she loves it 😁
"So far, so good. The case arrived quickly and fits my new galaxy s8 perfectly. I'm a bit of a klutz when it comes to dropping or knocking my phone off tables, so I knew I needed a durable, but not overly bulky case that also had a built-in screen protector (the stick-on ones just don't hold up), and I definitely didn't want to overpay for an Otterbox or anything like that. This case fits the bill. My phone fits snugly inside and the screen protector snaps directly into the case, so the chances of dust/lint/etc. getting in are low. The case is very nice, especially for the price. I like it much better than the pelican I had previously."
Just bought a new i phone and needed a case for it. Did not want anything bulky and this case fit all my needs. Only gave it 4 stars for durability since I haven't had it two weeks. I'm very happy and pleased with my purchase would buy from this seller again.
Really nice case. I get a lot of compliments
The rose gold is such a pretty, slick color. These cases really hold up!
Great product! Great strong quality! Would absolutely recommend and purchase again!
I bought this for the lamps in my sons room, my bedroom and the living room. I use Alexa to turn off his bedroom light so he can know when it time to go to bed or wake up. I use the app on my way home so my livingroom is lit when I walk in from outside. A few days ago there was an internet outage and I was so annoyed that I actually had to walk across the room to turn on the light. I am definitely spoiled.
Feels very sturdy, yet not too gigantic in your hands.
I didn't know what to expect for just under $10 but I really like this band! I was sweating under the silicon band that came with the Apple Watch. This band breathes and the magnet is VERY strong!
The first screen replacement I received the touchscreen did not work. But I was sent a replacement for that one immediately after I contacted them. And I am sending back the defective one. this seller does what they say and they stand behind their product I appreciate it very much
Good quality and just as described. Easy on the eyes. Can't wait for the compliments to start coming in.
Great quality for the price. Fast delivery.
My 15 year old son uses this case as he drains his battery really fast on his iphone 8 plus. He likes how it is not heavy and fits in his skinny jeans easily. It charges the phone quickly and saves him many times from running out of battery when he is on the go
I purchased this project and hope to find an elaborate cable. I not only get it, but also order it directly. I believe a company will be willing to support this product. I have already recommended it to a friend and bought her one. I was deeply impressed by accidental protection incidents. This is fine, because I took a lot of cables.
So far so good with these cables. They work for both charging and data transfer.
My husband loves this watch! When I got it out of the box it looked a little big to me but once he put it on it looks perfect. It charged up fully in just a few hours and the battery lasts a long time! He enjoys all the info that it tracks about his activity, sleep and heart rate. I love that the messages I send him show up on the watch so he sees them right away when he wouldn't normally be checking his phone!
This item is great. It fast charges the phone and the screen protector that comes with it works with the finger print scanner. So far I see no negatives with this case. Highly recommend it.
I bought the watch bands for my girl friend's birthday. She love it! The quality of the watch bands has exceeded my expectations. It looks very cute!
great and screen protector was durable as hell... till i dropped it and it hit the corner of a desk. my screen was fine after though
Great chargers for the money! Both are fast charging!
Does what it's supposed to do.
I like the clear reception and voice clarity.
love it!!! the magnet is very strong. It works with my cell phone wallet case. Since the case closes and I didnt want to damage my credit card, i used 3M double sided tape and taped the metal to the back of case as stuck magnet to metal. It works great!!!
As advertised. Fast shipping. Received cables before I received my phone. If these are even half as good as when I ordered these for my old phone, then it's a great buy! My old cables have outlasted my old Galaxy S7.
This wireless charger looks really fancy and it is so easy to use. Love the circle light and it does save me from the wire trouble! It really works well with my phone.
Amazing Earphones and plus it comes with premium earphone tips that cost more than 7. Total cost of these earphones plus tell earphone tips would be 36+ separately. In that case this is a great deal. Earphones are also great quality with 8 drivers. Mids treble bass highs and lows sound great.
I LOVE THIS ! Looks so cool.
This is a great product. As you upgrade to an aftermarket stereo with Apple or Android built in, you need a sleek place to connect your phone. This fits right in your cigarette lighter position, or similar size hole. Also you can surface mount it with the included bracket. The product and cables are high quality and this met all my needs. The attached photo shows how I removed the cigarette lighter from my 2006 Audi A3 and replaced it with this product. The hole didn't even need modification, although you do have to take the entire center console out.
This product, fits perfect for my Xs max. And my,every day use. Love the grip and feel. It is not as bulky as some products. And looks great. The kick stand is is also great. Buttons work great, no trouble with value off and on buttons. Fits the phone perfect.
Exactly what I needed and wanted. I have carried my smart phones in my pants pocket since they became too large for holsters. I have worried about scratching the camera lenses or the face. (Even with an amazing screen protector, the face gets scratches and replacing the protector is not inexpensive.) This covers both sides and even protects the back cameras, which strangely project from the camera.) The magnetic clasp holds the cover open or closed and doesn't interfere with my car's magnetic holder. It's classy (leather, from an actual cow,) sturdy and sensible. I love it.
Works perfectly and charges my iPhone quickly. As this is a new purchase, durability is yet to be determined.
Fast shipping and great product and service
This band looks amazing! Great look and quality for the price! Will definitely be purchasing in other colors.
Bought it for my friend ad a gift,she loves selfie. And she is very pleased with product. Long lasting battery with one charge. Recommend!
Good product for the price.
I nearly threw away the wrong piece. I was expecting the paper thin sheet of plastic. Instead I had a thick (compared to paper) piece of plastic. I did not think my touches would be able to activate any keystrokes. But it works as though i am touching my screen. And there is now minimal smudges and easy to clean. So far appears to be more durable than my actual screen.
Gets the job done. Exactly what I expected. Pleased with this purchase.
Thick glass, super easy to install, great product
Love these. The sound quality is awesome. I work in a large office setting and hear everyone's conversations, they may get me in trouble since they really block the outside noise. I literally have to take them out to have a conversation and being they are magnetic, they won't fall off my neck when not in use.
Works great, rapid charging of devices via the Quick charge port.
Easy to place on watch, great fit, great protection!
Cuts Sim card well, like a stapler
Really good case but it doesn't prevent water damage. Case doesn't go all the way around the phone, just the back of the phone. Dropped my iphone in the ocean twice only to figure out it doesn't prevent water absorption. The kickstand, however, is great for setting your phone down and watching netflix.
Had my other Anker stolen and was devastated as I go every where with my battery pack. This one is doing amazing and living up to the back-up battery brand I love. Definitely worth the purchase if you use your phone a lot or your phone dies easily in the cold. Always a life saver. it can be a bit bulky but to me worth it as its a bit bigger than my cell. Also their customer service is amazing! I've recommend this to everyone I know and have bought them for my friends and siblings and they adore their battery packs. On average plug these in overnight to charge as they will take about 8 hours to be fully charged. And for you who think this is a long time, it really isn't if you think about how many times this charges your phone or tablet. I always plug mine in right before bed so you aren't sitting around waiting for it to get a charge.
I purchased this for my nephew. It was very easy to apply. He's dropped it twice and not so much as a scratch. Well worth the money spent.
These screens are the best on the market! I've bought screens from different company's and these one's are the most reliable by far. Thank you for supplying a good quality product!
big improvement in sensitivity (can program it inside) and responsiveness, love the larger screen
So far so good. Everything is working as expected. It does not go the full 10 hours, but I have used it only with the charge it came with. I just charged it for the first time and it took the advertised 2 hours to charge. I have used it exclusively to work out and run and the fit is very good, the earplugs have not fallen out or felt uncomfortable. Will update after I use them more extensively.
it does the job.used it once.
good product, will keep buying same brand.
Excellent well built and quality feel, a touch heavy but that is the only criticism. Quick to charge iphone which uses about 10% of its battery from flat so very impressed so far.
Very easy install and if you already have a backup camera on your vehicle, you don't need to connect the red wire.
I enjoy the front camera. However rear Cam is not so great. Product is solid.
easy install looks nice and soo handy
It looks great on the phone.
This is an awesome wireless charger! Great mount, 2 options for mounting and it feels solid!
Case fits 40 mm watch perfectly and is easy to install/remove. I like that the edges are slightly raised to help protect the screen and that there is no plastic piece over the screen itself. Well made. UPDATE: While I still really like this case after using it for a few days I discovered there is a problem. Dust and fibers from your clothes get caught under it and you have to remove the case to clean frequently. Its really visible and looks terrible. So while I like the design I would lower it to three stars as it traps dust, fiber and dirt so easily.
Glad I purchased! Perfect use of power bank Excellent cable, excellent value. Need a short adapter to go with my portable and basic items to provide the same quality at a fraction of the cost. Very good cable It seems fast charging, looks great quality.
I has greatly improved cell phone reception in my all metal boat house. Very easy to install. Works as advertised.
These are my favorite screen protectors. We buy these all the time! My phone is always protected and I never have to worry when I drop my phone. It goes on really smoothly and easily. I'm not the best at applying screen protectors and I have wasted other brands in the past because they were too hard to put on, but these are idiot proof! Love them.
I like that it makes my (large) phone easy to hold on to; it protects it from accidents and the "kickstand" on the back to prop the phone to watch videos, etc. is a great feature. You could spend a lot more but why should you?
Low profile and durable
Good slim case, fits good, ports are good, buttons are good. Nice matte finish.
We purchased these DVD players for when our grandchildren are in the car with us. They are easy to install. Just attach them to the headrests and plug them into the 12V power source. I purchased a splitter as recommended in another review. The main learning curve was to insert the DVD with the label facing away from me. Previous DVD players we used had the DVD label facing the user. Worked fine and the sound was good on the headsets. Easy to set the infrared signal to A or B in the Setup menu. A third headset we had from a previous player worked fine with this system. We like it because it is easy to remove when the grandkids are not with us.
The case is very snug, and not super bulky. It's very hard to get off and on though. The screen protecter sits 98% flat on the screen (you can see a little gapping when you tilt the phone) but it's not enough to make a big difference in functionality. The biggest problem you might have is with the pressure sensitivity and note that the only reason this would be a problem is if you were an artist using this phone to create digital art. The pen still functions beautifully. Plus, the screen protector won't be peeling up or leaving nasty residue on the phone.
This product is perfect to keep from getting scratches on the face. Especially is you work with your hands an around thing you might ding it on
Arrived quickly, as described, excellent value
I like how easy it is to charge and to connect to my phone. Now I don't have to worry about my phone dying all the time.
Bought this for our Polaris General to get better sound quality and we love it! We have gotten so many comments on the sound. We are constantly getting requests to play songs since we have the best sound system we and anyone else have heard!
Arrived on and as is as listed. Had to return because I ordered the wrong size needed the s8+
Good cable to charge my watch
I bought an elastic band to hold my Apple Pencil to my iPad and was concerned it could slip out. These hold the pencil in that band very tightly so I no longer have to worry about that.
Holding the charge. good price.
A gift for my daughter.
I love it just need to order screen protector shields
Got this band for my series 3 and I couldn't be happier, magnet is quite strong and does the job!
Wanted this size of cables. So far seem durable
This product is very durable. I dropped my phone and the screen protector cracked. However, it is still on my phone protecting it from harm. Best one I've purchased so far
It's a phone ring, so I won't describe this one's obvious use. However, as far as phone rings go, this is very pretty. I have had it for 2 months and it is still the same quality - hold onto the phone, swivel, and look.
It works as good as the original one does. I use it at work. It's not cheaply made like most of the other options I found
Great product. My wife loves it. The seller shipped it fast and it arrived in 2 days. I would recommend it.
Easy and comfortable to wear.
Very pleased with this item
I have had 3 versions, this is the best so far , I can charge my Iphone 4 times
The 7 inch screen is ok,works fine.this is with the camera, this wide-angle waterproof and shockproof small device that can operate in completely dark environment is a great affordable solution. This Rearview camera nice designed package that protects properly product and few extra things from a possible damage during transport process.
Quality screen protectors! Would definitely buy again
I bought one of these for my iPhone 6S plus and loved it so I ordered one for my iPhone X. It is just as good. Fits perfectly and unlike similar cases has all the proper sized cut outs for the camera, lightening cable, etc. Nicely made and appears to offer great protection for my phone. The price has now gone down $2 since I ordered mine on October 31st.
I like the grip and protection the case gives to my S9, and I enjoy the fact that I can have my license & a credit card with me and not have to haul a wallet around.
This case fits my Samsung Galaxy S9 perfectly. It provides snug protection and makes it easy to hold my phone without being bulky. The built-in screen protector is a must have and it does not decrease touch sensitivity. A great value for the price!
its pretty durable and thin enough where the device still feels slim even after the case is on
This is so pretty and nice quality for the price! It fits my 38mm Apple Watch perfectly! My only word of caution is the size. I have tiny wrists, like 6.5 in and this band is snug it leaves a slight impression on my wrist, it is still comfortable. If you have a larger wrist this band might not be comfortable just depends on your preferences for tight stretchy bands. It's super pretty though!
I like the Wireless car charger mount . It's working fine now . It looks very very nice .
These lasted a very long time highly reccomend
The product is was it was advertised as. It fits the phone that we ordered it for. we are very happy with the case.
This armband works perfect for me - I use it for running. It small enough to fit snugly on my arm without sliding down while I run, and it holds my iphone 8 perfectly. So happy to have found it!
Great Product! worth it
I got this for wearing when jogging on workdays, when I often have to take phone calls, and it is just perfect for the job. It is really light and comfortable to wear, and sits securely around the ear, with no risk of falling out. It is so comfortable I forget I am wearing it. The microphone works well, my callers hear me well, no need to shout or even stop jogging. The button is convenient - you basically press into your ear to answer a phone call.
Very nice product I love the texture and colors everyone I know loves it I am actually using it right now
The belt clip is high and wide and when you clip it on the belt it gouges your rib. So I went back to my trusted pouch
Got It for my husband for Father's Day. He loved it
The case is perfect for my mini 5. Light weight, great folding stand. It works well and feels good.
Used with my new Moto G6. Bought it despite being uneasy after reading the critical reviews. But my impression with this cover is completely positive. It fits the phone perfectly to my eye and looks good. All plugs, buttons and cameras on the phone work properly. The fingerprint scanner works. No issue at all. It does cover the SIM tray though. I don't have a problem with that. The texture of it's surface is nice in the hand. It's not thick or bulky in any way. I haven't dropped my phone yet, so I can't speak about it's damage protection feature.
Easy to install. Worth the price.
Great case. Would use again
Super easy to use, works like a charm; can fully charge to 100% no sweat. Great buy!
Right item at right price with fast shipping and on time delivery. Item was a exact replacement for the cracked digitizer on my iPad Air (Gen 1) and I am back in business with the device.
Great charger, does exactly what I needed it to do. Also Anker with the great customer service. The one I purchased quit working after 7 months, and when I contacted Anker, they replaced it with no issue. Will definitely buy Anker products from now on!!!!
I really recommended this screen protector because of its privacy protection. It was very easy to install.It covered my phone perfectly.
Just as described, and clear like stated! Great quality & protection!
I had my doubts but this is durable and a really great product. No issues.
Great sound. Really good noise canceling. Almost as good as the more expensive brands. Definite great buy.
My old phone holder was broken a few days ago and I have to change it. The new one just works as good as my old one . Not that expensive but very nice product
The color was truly the purple that I desire .. the case arrived as described in excellent condition quickly .. easy to put on the phone and does not interfere with the function, even on the edges.
I don't usually write reviews, but I just had to got this product. I was looking for a way to hold my phone in the car that wouldn't be permanent, and that could accommodate my phone, as well as my husband's. He has a Galaxy $6 with a battery case on it (in picture). I have a Galaxy S8 with a bulky Otterbox. The Bondi Plus holds them both just fine! I drive a Chevrolet Traverse and it has an Over at rearview mirror that is bulky as well. The hanger works on it just fine! Highly recommend!
Works well, good price.
Product was great. Looks very fancy and is adjustable to fit great. Easy to adjust and is great for any look. I got the black and silver and they are both perfect. Easy to connect to the Apple Watch as well. Highly recommend
The package is really nice for the case. The quality of the case seems very good and fit very well.
Does exactly what you'd expect and want. Peace of mind for something that's all to expensive to fix! Also comes with sticky pads to collect dust and wipes to clean the screen. Very simple and easy to install and good price compare to others! I recommend.
I absolutely love this it is so convenient and it doesn't break the vent like the ones that have to clip onto the event. Nice and sturdy and holds my iPhone XS with no issues
Have had for over 6 months for a teenager. Has lasted well.
Arrived very quickly as most Amazon stuff does. Packaging was really good. The protective film is really clear I think it is as good as a name brand film if not better.
Great Product Delivered as Stated. Thanks.
Great gift for my nephew who recently had someone accidentally pickup his luggage at baggage claim then intentionally take his expensive shoes and pants before returning it two weeks later.
I love these, they charge within an hour and work perfectly for a rough gym day. I haven't tried running with them, but I am sure they would be fine. Sound quality is great and I couldn't hear anything happening around me. Super comfortable, and I have very small ears and I can wear these for hours. Great product! My roommate recommended them to me. Totally worth it!
A very pretty/ sturdy case at a great price!!!
The lightning cable is very Q and long! I bought one for my mother and one for myself .Also I can lay on my bad and play with phone without sitting on a chair!
Is was surprised for this camera, it's very easy to install and setup. Instruction book are very clear, easy to understand.The only thing need to mention is you need to buy a SD card for the storage.I have been use for a week, so far work very good for me ,the image of night vision is very clear, also the price is affordable and cheap.
Love this charger. In half an hour my iPhone X is fully charged. It's nice to look at and it is also pretty durable, I've dropped it from the kitchen and bathroom counter without any problem. I highly recommend this style of charger. Don't be alarmed that it gets pretty warm, that's normal and nothing to worry about.
I bought these for our trip to the beach. They protected our phones from water and sand. We took pictures with our phone and the pictures came out great!
I love this! It is so nice to be able to play music while I bike! It's also nice for when we are on family rides and blast some fun tunes! It's like my old school radio I taped to my bike when I was a kid, but a lot less ghetto! It brought back great memories though!
I am very hard to please when it comes to earbuds. I have never had a pair that fit correctly. I just naturally assumed that the design was intentionally flawed. These changed my mind. I have never had such a comfortable, well fitting and really great sounding pair of earbuds in my life.
Just what I needed for connecting my iPod in my car
it's just like the charger that came with the original fitbit one
Quick shipping and great product
Great usb car charger. So surprised to see it has FM transmitter function, so I plan to buy and try it. Works great as described.
Love this screen protector! You can hardly tell it's there! Can't beat the protection for the price! Definitely watch the video before applying it!
Finally a car charger that will actually charge my Note while the GPS is working. This is the third one I've tried (all different) Love it, quick ship. All good.
I purchased all HDMI cables for my home theater setup. When it came time to buy a cable for my new digital camera, it was a no-brainer to buy Mediabridge. Great product.
Exactly what I was looking for. A little thicker than I was used to but it's very handy and I love the closing snaps.
Good quality!! The colors are vibrant. I like the side grips. Thanks!
Love these rings and have them on every case so I can hang where I need it.
Awesome. Perfectly protects my watch all around
Got this for myself when hiking with friends. It fits neatly around the waist with an adjustable clip. There is reflective material so that you can be easily seen, a zipped compartment for your phone or iPod, another zipped pocket for cash, driver license and keys. It is very useful when you don't have any pocket while working out! Can't wait to use it!
Outstanding quality and price effective for me. Thanks
it is just like they say it is so you will be happy I am thanks
Refurbished item is usually like new , why bother to pay full price when you can get one like this.
Installation was a couple of tries but no way was the seller at fault as this watch is shaped oddly. Great price with 3 so definitely recommend this product. After it was on it was well worth it as there's a scratch and not on the watch itself.
Works great, very pleased. Easy to apply. Easy to clean.
Better than I thought
They sound great and the durability feels amazing but the bass isn't insane, it's really small but overall great headphones
Powered up quick and does a wonderful job with power to spare!
It's a nice case; especially it shows the beautiful color of the iphone. However, the back is a finger prints magnet. Unfortunately, you can help it since it is a clear case. Still I love it and it is a damn good case.
I've had my for about 2 weeks so far and this screen protector is great. the template worked really well to line it up, and there were no smudges or dust thanks to the included wipes. I would recommend this product to anyone else. I use this with the case and it works well.
Worked like it was supposed to. Good unit for the price.
I LOVE IT, fits my phone perfectly AND it goes good with my screen protector. If you are wanting a clear transparent case, I recommend this one (: AND I've had it on for months now and it has not yet changed to a dirty clear.
I normally don't write reviews on stuff because I just don't take the time to do it, but I got these for my mom who recently decided she wants to get fit lol but anyway she was stoked I got them, she had gotten some in a giveaways at her nursing home job and she said they are defiantly awesome especially because of the type of work she does, but anyway she asked me to leave her a review: Thanks guys, now my watch won't get scratched from heavy patient care.
This is a great case! Sturdy and I'm able to to store a credit card in it!
HAPPY WITH PRODUCT / NICE PHONE
I love this device, however, I do wish it could analyze reps outside of the circuit training. The device is capable just needs the software to support it. I find the existing workouts to be motivating and helpful but more is always better!
I love this finger ring. It matches the color of my phone really well and has stayed on for months.
Perfect for charging from far away outlets. Good charge.
The feel of it is great! I have s/m and female with small wrists and it fits great and don't have all that extra rubber left over on it. It's a true s/m sized. Other bands I've bought for s/m should've been m/l size because of all the excess on it makes it really uncomfortable. This band does NOT do this!! Very light weight and feels good on. I would recommend this.
I have it in black color and i love it
Great quality. I had a hard time at first trying to get it to charge but once I found the "spot" it charged great!
This battery runs my IPhone for more than three days,it does take a while to charge,my guess is overnight.
Beautifully made. Easy to remove extra link. Hasn't come off since purchased. Excellent product. Would pay for an upgrade version in stainless.
these units work flawlessly and at very good range, for me over 150 ft. I like its compactness and small 12V battery and the little red light that tells you it has worked. They are better than the original units and much cheaper. Highly recommended! A+
We like it just fine. For my husbands Phone.
Love it. It's nice to have all my charging devices in one area. Thank you
It's a great band, I'm very happy with the style and weight. Classic look and great conversation starter.
The timer arrived quickly and was not too difficult to setup. So far we are happy with the timer and are looking forward to the time it will save us this spring and summer.
It is worth the price. Apart from the prints on the protective screen, everything else works pretty well for me. I love it and getting ready to order a second for my other phone.
wow!!! this phone case/protector is great! Highly recommend this product.
Love this case. Worth the money!! A little chunky but hey this phone is huge too!! Protects very well and the slider is extremely secure. One of the best one of these covers I've had! Thanks!!
Love my new phone case and the added level of protection it offers.
Very nice. I bought this for my husband who is building his black and gold jewelry collection. He loves it. It looks nice and doesn't look cheap.
Once again the kids snatched another thing I picked for me. It's easy to put the phone in and use-they made a bunch of videos with it. I love the adjustable height-three telescoping levels which are easy to use and set. I didn't let them test out the remote, but they thought that was super cool. I love that there is a spot to keep the remote so it is less likely to get lost.
I've only had the case for a few days, but so far so good. It works just like it was described, and it seems to give my phone plenty of protection.
My 17 yr old loved them. He has 3 color choices and perfect size
Very nice case. I was worried about the fingerprint access on the side with the case being on but it's perfectly fine.
This battery case is good looking and gives me nearly two additional charges when needed. It adds some serious heft to the phone, so keep that in mind. All battery cases will add weight though. You lose the ability to wireless charge when using this case also, which should be kept in mind. The good part is that you can charge both batteries simultaneously with a micro USB cable. I'm not going to remove any stars for any of the above reasons, because it's the same with just about every battery case. Overall, this case is a good design and I like it. You can pop it off in seconds if need be as well.
Explained in the instructions, it is easy to use. It is small and convenient to carry. I am satisfied with my own sound quality. I am satisfied with the high quality.
It's the easiest screen protector I've ever put on my phone, and super durable!
It's gifts for my nieces for their new phone
Awesome looking and very durable.
Love the look of it but it is not comfortable to hole and the stand does let work well
So pretty! Sticks very well! Would purchase again!
Compatible with my iPhone XR. This only work if you plug it in the power outlet of the car, not the usb outlet. If you plug it in the usb outlet, it won't charge and you know that the device is struggling due to lack of power flowing in. But if it's in the power outlet, it works perfectly. It has a choice whether you want to mount it or put it on your air vent. It automatically opens once the sensor senses you are putting your phone, then it'll automatically clamp your phone once it detects your phone is resting on the charging pad. Then it'll start charging. The charging is pretty fast. So far, I'm just looking out how it'll stand against hot weather condition. Advertisement said that it can tolerate up to 60 degree Celsius. Price is pretty compared to the other.
Got this for my bf, he loved it!
I have enjoyed my watch from the beginning. It's pretty easy to figure out, but I'm sure I'm not using all the features yet. I like the different watch faces you can use and the apps. I especially like the fact that I can talk or text when I'm running and I don't have to get my phone out of my pocket.
My new Powerbear battery worked just as I hoped it would.. The battery life lasts throughout the day with minimum chatge. I only have to charge once if streaming videos or if I'm on social media for long periods.. Otherwise it was a great investment.
This fits on all three of our different styles of smart watches. I am glad they make these because I am always hitting mine on things and was afraid of scratching the face of the watch.
I love it its just beautiful!
I've upgraded to a car with built in controls, but honestly this was better since the button could be conveniently placed anywhere.
Better than I expected!
You can't go wrong with these! I love these. It works..quality seems fine, but I'm no expert and generally can't tell the difference. All in all, I have to see how long they last but at the moment I can find nothing to complain about.
I love my Speck case. It fell down two stories (by accident) and not a single scratch was on my phone. It's durable and it's reliable. I know if it accidentally falls my phone won't be damaged.
Great Case! Came super fast! Really really great deal for the price! Would definitely buy again!
This works very well as a fitness tracker and as a golf GPS it has features that I will never use but it gives me the option. I like only wearing one item when I golf.
Reasonable price for packs USB cord. Will definitely purchase in the future. Good quality cable. I think it will last for a long time, Magical lightning cables, For long lengths, Perfect for use on the bed, Or on the sofa. Item arrived quickly and as described. These cables are very strong and they work very well.
Great product, looks brand new
Not a good grip feature but over all pleased
I love this case! It has just enough flexibility and the screen protector was unbelievably easy to install. This is the first time that I ever felt confident enough to do this myself. I usually ask my daughter or granddaughter or go to the Apple store to apply the screen protector but after watching the video, it was easy-peasy. Thank you for a great product.
Great sound and battery life
Absolutely like new with the latest ios. Could not have hoped for more.
Love it. It is pretty. I can hold 3 cards and a $20 and it closes nicely.
Beautiful cover with great quality... will definitely order again.
Overall, good product that works. The reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because of the screen quality - the black contrast has a distinct gray-tone, not a true black. But, this product works perfectly and for the price, I'll get over not seeing the "true-black" on my screen.
Was sick of buying iphone wires this is great had a few months
The battery was easy to install and took me about 15 minutes. The most difficult and time consuming part was taking the secondary case off. Replacing the GPS battery on my Garmin Nuvi 1450 was a far better option then buying a new GPS and well worth the 15-minute install time.
I received my smiling Apple Watch case a few days ago. It was easy to install and works great. I have no trouble whatsoever using the touch screen. So far very happy with the purchase.
its lightweight which the others are not. it has a full days charge and a little more. you are going to charge it every night next to your phone. if you want it for sleep tracking every day it dies and its kind of a pain and I would suggest something else. but for an everyday smartwatch, it is the best.
This product did NOT disappoint! I initially purchased it because of the cuteness factor and was pleased to find out that the quality,durability and shock proof corners were all above par! Colors are vibrant. I would definitely encourage friends to purchase and you can't beat the price!
I love these but for one exception the left one doesn't stay in my ear
Great way to add extra protection to your screen, product works!Amazing how easy this is to put on and no bubbles at all, lf aling
I prefer this phone mount compared to 4 other comparable types I've tried. Its small and well constructed, the surface area of the magnet is largest, grip on the air vent is very secure, and the magnet can be tightened so that it won't spin/rotate/drop sideways due to the weight of my phone.
I have tried several different adapters trying to get one that simply does what it is supposed to do. This adapter fits my phone 8 perfectly and I can actually hear what I am listening to the way it is meant to be heard! I couldn't be happier. Finally!
Good rapid chargers.
Good quality. love the little brush and pouch
The charging line is the most expensive thing. I can't live without it in basic life. It's great. There are three different lengths so I can use the length of the line for anything. I can also charge multiple devices at the same time.
Great Product, fast shipping
The phone cases is very cute, looks exactly like what I wanted. I don't know if it fits or not because I ordered a case for the wrong phone. I just got a new phone and ordered it for my old phone on accident. (Obviously my fault)
Love these for the face of my i-watch. WARNING: If you get your watch hung on anything be careful cause these face covers can pop off and you will not realize it. I have lost one this way and I was so upset because I really to love this product
These are the best charging cables I've ever bought. Even come in a cassette to wind them up when not in use.
very very good. Charge fast and is stable in your car. i am very happy
Very quick delivery, excellent item, They are cheaper than apples cables, are safe and reliable. Sisters have their device plugged in permanently, this is perfect for them with the added range
Easy to set up and use
This item is not bad sound is listenable. Unfortunately, in quiet background, people might hear a soft sound but this is the cassette tape.
2nd one I've purchased. One for me and one for my son. Does everything I need and want.
Great deal. Arrived super fast
for two-pack for half the price you usually see just one of the Apple branded wires. The cables and the adapters are working just fine on my iPhone 6s plus.
Everything is great so far, I have nothing to really complain about this phone. I'm really impressed with the price and features of this phone. The Price of this phone is under $200 but the quality is definitely worth more than that . The fingerprint reader is awesome and incredibly convenient. I love the voice command function of this phone, so I can just use the voice command function to search anything. It saves me a lot of time and energy. Another thing I like about this phone is that it does not come with any apps, which leave you plenty space for downloading the apps that you prefer. If you are a person who cares about getting your money's worth, this is definitely a phone that you should get.
It's a great charger for travel. Can be charging two device at one time!
Nice charging cords and a good value.
The power bank looks in the first impression valued and great. It is quick to charge, with display it is easy to estimate how much you can still load. Two USB ports allow two mobile phones to charge at the same time. How powerful he is still to be tested.
If you think on getting It.. get it ..because It's sturdy and reliable
The sound quality. It is very convenient to wear when you exercise in the morning. It is small and compact. I like it very much.
2nd set purchased and they work like a charm. For those who don't long charging cords, these come in handy and clutter free.
This phone base help with my phone not breaking, and it's very light and durable
Holds my asus zen tablet with a case ok. Can buy 2 of these for one iottie tablet mount. (My favorite mount)
It works perfectly and easy to use my gps on the phone
The fit impression of this product is a powerful long lasting adapter. I have just received the news, so far they seem great. We bought a lot of adapters for our equipment because our cats love to chew them. Can not beat the price! These adapte arrive in a plastic bag, simple and easy. The quality of these adapters is great enough to meet my needs. It's great to lie in bed with your cellphone, without hanging your arms around you.
I have been using the Speck case since my iphone 6. It was time for an upgrade to the iPhone 8 Plus and I actually got this case before I got my phone knowing that I would be buying soon. Very pleased with my purchase and love the color too!
So fresh and soft bean, and the flavor is out of this world. I made a vanilla bean walnut crust cheesecake for Christmas and everyone raved about it. Yes they did meet my expectations.
Got 5 bars immediately, no signal at all in our house before installing!!!
Realty enjoying these headphones. Good sound. Good battery life.
This is an awesome charger!!!! As with most people I use my phone for everything, and it always goes dead partway through the day. The worst is when your out and about and it goes dead. I have tried so many chargers and 90% of them dont charge worth a darn unless the phone is off. I got this one and took it straight out if the box to an all day long dance competition (yes boring unless it's yours dancing) for the hour plus in between dances I read a book, played games, shopped. When my phone got down to about 19% I plugged it into the charger, I set it down for about 5ish minutes and it had already charged 3%, I was excited as this had never happened with other chargers, about that time the competition got over, so we packed up our stuff and left. The drive home took about 30-45 minutes, I left my phone plugged into the charger and played music (I wanted to see what would happen) when I got home my phone had charged to 56%. It proved that it really does work!!! The only down fall is the weight, hence the 4 stars instead of 5. It is heavier than any other charger I have had, but with the performance I can over look the weight. After using this for a while longer, I decided to change my review to 5 stars. I absolutely love this thing and the weight of it really is not that big a deal!!
it fits so i was happy.
I have multiple sets of these headsets for the office, home, and travel. For the price, the sound quality is good. Very durable for long distance running: stay charged, sweat-proof, and do not fall out of ears.
I had a stick on wallet for my last case, it was raised and sometimes came undone. This was in smooth and keeps my cards secured. Exactly what I was looking for. Highly recommend.
So far so good! All lengths has worked whether it's connected to the wall, laptop, or car. Have yet to get the error that the accessory is not supported.
The TicWatch lives up to the advertisement. I can be tough on gadgets. Phones get beat up, watches get smashed, scraped and definitely wet. I've had my TicWatch for over 2 months and it has not had a problem living on my wrist. The heart monitor works perfectly and I have banged this thing on brick walls, dropped it, been in the rain, covered in sweat, you name it. No issues at all. I bought it because I wanted a smartwatch that could take a beating. This one does. The two-display feature works quite well. Saves on battery and is easy to read in full sunlight.
So I may not have heated seats but I can use a heating pad on this while charging a phone, pulls enough without popping a fuse!
All this power packed into one slim case, what more can you ask for? This case really keeps my phone going for the whole day and I don't always need to charge it up at night. A few key items are: -Easy to put on and take off -Uses the lightning charger unlike others that use micro usb charger -Power button located at the bottom of the case to charge your phone -There is an LED indicator on the bottom of the phone to let you get an idea of how much battery the case has
Very easy connection, just plug and play! Very easy setup, like it! Will recommend to my friends!
It's saved my phone many times already. My screen protector kept falling off of my phone, to no fault of this case's, so I ended up taking the screen protector off. Ever since I've done so, I've dropped my phone numerous of times and this case has saved it each and every time.
Great for my sons devices. The charger piece for the phone stays in securely. This has been my longest lasting cord for my iPhone since having this phone.
Simple solution to a missing connection on my phone. Original product so it will be the best thing to get to solve the problem. Works just as good as the one that came with my phone. No complaints works as it should! I wasn't sure if this is a genuine adapter or not but what I received looks to be the real deal.
This case is awesome. Fits the phone well. Has the rubber bumper all the way around. The buttons are a little stiff but getting easier to press now that I've had the case a few months.
I liked the product. Just got it today.
It's nice to have something specific for iPhone. The price was great and the cord is sturdy
Easy to install and works great with my Spigen Tough Armor case. There's a small gap but nothing I'm concerned about.
I am a casual long distance runner and I find these headphones to be comfortable during exercise. The battery life and sound quality are both great for the price paid. I would definitely recommend this product to other active people.
Super easy to apply to phone, absolutely no bubbling, & fits beautifully on my Pro. Love this product
This phone case has saved my phone from SOOO many drops. I can't belive how well it has protected from damage.
These are just like the Apple wireless Earbuds but WAY more affordable. I got these for my husband to wear while riding his motorcycle, and he loves them.
It was just what I was looking for.
Ordered for my cousins phone and it almost invisible when put right on the display. He took 20 minutes to put it carefully and does a great job, preventing from scratches on the phone screen. Really nice!! Will order for my phone if have one!! Thank u!!!
The charger works great, great battery life even for the newest phones. They also had wonderful customer service. When my charger broke (the charger port was broken), they sent me a replacement charger within no time.
Thinnest case I've ever used on a phone (previous cases listed below). Its got a nice, smooth, almost matte texture. Fits really well on the phone and is fairly easy to take off. Favorite case I've had on a phone. Its so slim you probably wont notice. I used an apple leather case previously and it changed the ergonomics of the phone in my hand. This case does not. The case will protect against scratches but i'd imagine it wont help terribly much if you drop your phone. My one minor gripe is that while the sides of the front come up just enough to prevent the screen from touching the surface of a table when face down, it is not high enough to do the same thing when there is a screen protector on the device. Not really a bad thing, since obviously you should choose this case for its slim profile, but the glass screen protector i'm using is what sits on the table. Previous Cases: Iphone X Apple Leather Case Iphone 7 with Spigen Thin Fit, Apple Leather Case
I took this power bank on a recent trip to India and was super impressed with how much charging capacity it has. I was charging my iPhone, GoPro, and my friends phone as well... all at the same time. Impressive quality and great price.
If you put them in the right place, they will stay in the vent.I was wrong, but one day I was right. I was so happy.When it came out of the vent, it didn't bother me to take it off the back of the phone, but now I've connected it correctly.Plus, my iPhone X Max has a heavy case, and magnets hold my phone perfectly.
Most cables are 6' in length and these being 10' are great for charging while lounging.
Wouldn't use any other case for our phones!
Seller responded fast when i emailed them and the product came very quick.
Love this case very functional
Fits my phone great! No problems with placing it on just follow the instructions.
Always good to have extra chargers, but this has become my main one. Charges very stable, and the adapter fits nice and snug in the phone.
This make charging my phone a breeze. Make sure your phone is compatible because my husband ordered one and his phone didn't charge on it.
Very good case. It looks nice and it's not bulky.
Best ever! I was constantly having issues with the suction ones falling. This is super easy to install and with it's screw base it stays in place! No longer do I need to search for my phone when on a trip and needing directions. I can keep both hands on the wheel and see where I need to turn. Or take a phone call on speaker or Bluetooth and not have to search for my phone or miss that important call again. Must have.
Looks nice easy to install
Phone came in early came in beautiful no scratches cracks looks brand new fresh out the box it runs smooth as hell I'm with metro I just called and got it turned on in minutes
Worked great on 2006 tiburon!
This offers perfect protection for my school iPad.
There was a little purple in the gray and I wasn't expecting that, but I like it. I've had it for a few months now and I really like it. It protects my phone which is what I bought it for. Side note: you cannot use pop sockets on it. The back is textured and the pop socket doesn't like to stick to it for very long. I tried twice and it only stayed on a couple weeks at a time.
Holds all my cards, makes it so easy to grab and go.
LOVE the chargers! Work great! Wpuld recommend to others to buy!
I really liked this screen protector. I've only had it for a couple of days, but I loved how to place it on the screen. It is also clear and nice to use.
This chip is the best and the customer service is 100 out of 100
I am so happy that I got this case.It fits my phone perfect.It looks very nice and the material is sturdy.This case holds my cards and protects my phone well.
Awesome case and purchase. The case arrived very quick. Very slim but also very sturdy enough to protect the phone well. I drop my phone quite often when go outside activities. Hasn't has a scratch on the case so far since I got the case. It seems durable too.
I love how tough the cord is, my daughter can plug in and unplug her Ipad without me worrying she is going to rip the cord. It also charges quickly. Love this charger and will continue to use it
Great value, product is durable and holds many of my cards
This watch band was easy to put on, comfortable and the magnet stays secure and doesn't slip at all.
I bought this phone mount for my mother who was previously using a vent phone holder which kept making her air vent fall over. She drives a Mazda 3 which is a perfect pair for this dashboard mount. She has informed me that she LOVES this phone mount because she now has her phone right in front of her. Assembly was easy as I had to do that for her.
Great value and works like a new one. Was easy to setup with Straight talk.
Love it! Bought the new iPhone XS Max and wanted a screen protector for it and chose this one. It's perfect and I love that it's a 2 pack so if later down the road something does happen to the one I'm using, I won't have to buy another!
Love this phone case! Very stylist and practical for every day use. Only con, magnet does not hold together when you have cards or cash in it, but not a deal breaker.
Absolutely love it !
Battery installation was made very easy with the tools supplied and the instructions. Took about 15 minutes.
Easy to put on. Fits good. Will buy again.
Had the item a few days. Very happy it charged my phone with no problems so far. Very professional of company to inform me of Lifetime guarantee.
The handle of this battery case is very good. it is not heavy by itself, but it can charge the mobile phone for a long time. This product is very suitable for travel, I don't need to worry my phone ran out of power.
This watch band is the best I have yet! Was very easy to adjust although it did look intimidating. Great quality and look great!
Very nice and sturdy case and fits my wifes smaller hands well. Easy to install on her IPhone 6+.
This headset doesn't have the greatest sound quality. It's not as sturdy as I hoped it would. However, it fits my ears well and the buttons work properly. Rating 5 because of its affordable price and functionality.
Absolutely love this! I'm getting so many compliments. Beautiful!!
Love this! It's very easy to use. You can plug it in and use it as a charger while it charges. Works really well as a portable charger for traveling and tells you how much battery it has left. It's small and not too big.
I get so many compliments on this band. The rose gold matches great. The color is rubbing and fading with time but for the price I kind of expected that. I'll look around to see if there are any new styles out there I want to try but i might just get another one of these.
Exactly what I wanted. The case was delivered within expected time. It looks great on the phone and others have asked where I bought it.
It really can handle a few full recharges for a phone, ipad, etc. without charging the unit's battery. You can charge two products at once. One port is a 2.0A charging port the other is a 1.0A charging port. I was skeptical, but I am a fan now. I would highly recommend this product.
Fast phone and easy setup. Very intuitive and easy to use. So glad I switched from a Samsung!! Already have Pi installed and there were no install errors or slow down of apps after install.
This thing is going to save my marriage! I toss and turn a lot, so I slip it into my pillowcase. The vibration wakes me up without affecting my wife, who is a light sleeper
Great product. Will protect your phone from falls and scratches and look better then the 9mm glad ones you can get. Highly recommended
Perfect and great price
Those USB Wall Chargers work very well. Thank for letting me buy them from your store online
This is one of the best accessories that I have bought for my new baby. I tend to go all out and buy a bunch of stuff I don't need whenever I get a new phone. But this one definitely is one the best purchases I've done
I love these headphones! I use them for intense workouts and just walking around and can't recommend them enough.
I purchased this it item for my husband. He keeps breaking the glass on his cellphone. This item keeps it safe and it's very durable.
great customer service !
I have been looking for a waterproof case for my new phone. This one is great. It gives me a peace of mind knowing my phone will be okay if dropped in water.
Very easy to use and the display is awesome
I love this watch band! It's really beautiful and I get compliments on it wherever I go. Great quality for the price! I'm very impressed with this purchase!
Nice worked great will not fit the gum drop stud
Power button is in a really bad spot on phone. Heavy phone. Picks up better cell phone service than my samsung. Interface is very well put together. Battery is better than my samsung s9+. Dont like the rounded shaped back. Like previous flat backs of old sony phones. Switching sim card and calling for data was easy. limited good slim phone cases for it online. The phone grows on you and you will really like it.
Timely delivery pleased with item
Honestly this pop socket is so cute! It was a little ripped from the packaging, but it still works perfectly!
Received exactly what I wanted
They were beautiful. I have very dark eyes but the color showed well. Some people thought they looked more blue which I wasn't going for but oh well! Unfortunately, my silly self left them in a hotel room while on vacation. Will be buying again.
I LOVE this watch band. Had to take out several links, but it looks great and fits well now. Great durability
Like you get three and the price was just right!
Don't be scared to fix your own phone. It's super easy. Just be patient and take your time.
Inexpensive alternative to Garmin Decent wrist band. Removing the linkage is a bit confusing but it comes with everything you need to size.
My car currently has one port working and its not very helpful when there are multiple of things that needs to be charge, with this port not only I can charge all phones at the same time, I can also use my dashcam while charging the phones, no need to wait for turn. It works great, all ports are working.
Gives my phone that extra boost that it needs- works great and good price
I love this pack! I think it's awesome that this pack comes in different lengths... you don't always need a super long or short cord. With this pack you get the option to use whichever fits your needs best. We keep the shortest and longest ones in the car. The shortest one is perfect for the front seat and the longest for the back seats so there's tons of slack so charging tips aren't snapped out of the cords in the case it's dropped or pulled on. We keep the other cords on the kitchen counter and desk. The connection is strong and sturdy, I don't have to wiggle them to force a charge. All in all they work perfectly!!
I love to travel and the battery of my iphone 7 plus lasted only for few hours so this solves my problem. High capacity power bank so I can use it for charging many times.
This is so great !! It's honestly everything I wanted. At first it was difficult for me to find the angle to put it at on my phone but after I found it, it was great. It zooms very far and focuses well !!!
Shipping was great. Product didn't come broke or damaged. Colors are awesome. I'm able to match with different outfits. Which was the purpose of purchasing them. But putting it on And taking it off is a task. Which I should have realized but you gotta put a little effort into taking it on and off. So overall, I would maybe recommend these 7/10.
Great product, great price!
Looked complicated to apply but actually the easiest protector I've ever used. Instructions very clear and took about a minute to put on, and only one attempt to get it perfectly straight. Brilliant quality
Great value and band. Band is very breathable while workin out.
Perfect fit, nice design, good quality for the price :-)
Protects and secures my Samsung Note 8 exceptionally well. Very good product!
Love these! Easy to assemble for my Lyft and Uber driving. Speedy delivery as well.
Work as posted. Seem to be 24000mAh hours and having the wireless charge option is nice but it is slow it takes 3-hour to charge my note 8 wireless. Like I said in the title can't beat it for the price. Good build quality also.
Received the cable for few days ,my experiences : this cable charging speed is fast ,compatible with my iphone 8 and the other apple devices .Nylon Braided Cord very strong and tough cable ,wish it can be lasting for long ,reasonable price for 3 pieces ,every room i put one cable in there ,no need to find one cable anywhere and spend so much long time .
I bought this wine red 38mm silicone band for my Apple Watch series 1 and I love it! I use it daily it's lightweight, comfortable and has a beautiful color! It's very easy to put on and take out. It has 2 little silver heads that fits perfectly on the band's hole and a slit where you can tuck in the other end. I also purchased the black cover separately to protect my watch which matches nicely to red wine band. Love that I can wear it with any casual/sporty outfit and it still looks attractive! Definitely a good buy!
Great looking little gadget. Working fine and fits the car cup holder , charges the phone and plenty room and slots for other gadgets
very happy with product and service
Oldie but goodie! Still handles multiple apps, still has removable battery and additional memeory.
Great Product and a Seller AAA+
Protects like a bumper. Looks great. Stan, my sun seeking dog, is in the background. 🙂
It's great that is charges and cool light shows happens. It's worth it to have next to your desk.
What a well made and pretty band, love it!
Excellent product and swift delivery!
I got this watch to use as a backup to my Fitbit Charge3 when I had an issue on that watch with the screen. In using the Umidigi watch I found it to be just as accurate as the Fitbit with better battery life and a couple of more features such as camera control and media control. I would definatelly recommend this watch to someone looking for a fitness tracker like the Fitbit Charge 3 but they aren't wanting to spend the money for a Fitbit.
Worked perfectly. The red color was just was I was looking for.
The install is clean on a 2016 Silverado crewcab LTZ with under bedrail lighting. It eliminates the flashing camper light while using the left hand turn signal because you do not connect to the brake/turn signal wires. You will need to cut off the under bedrail light connector and connect those wires to this new wire loom because this is where the new loom connector attaches. It does not give you a hot wire to independent run the camper light, but does allow you to integrate the camper light with the under bedrail lights controlled from the cab.
Wonderful design, really secure especially when running and exercising. Good sound quality, pairing is simple and easy. Great for the price, these are my 7th pair of headphones from SoundPeats, they never fail in quality products.
Buy a bluetooth headset is the best product I bought, just send to my husband although appearance is a little big, but very delicate design capacity is very strong, and it's a great manufacturer also presented a few small accessories, packaging is also very beautiful, recommend it to everyone
Strong leather, but didn't take long to break in. Good stitching. Nice smell. Pretty design. I wish it came with the wrist strap, but it's still easy to carry. I carry about 6 cards in it, and that's about the max.
easy to put on, looks great! Does show fingerprints and smudges
Makes your phone look extra huge but very nice
Can fault this wireless charger and doubles as a stand which is handy for watching netflix, youtube etc. Charges in the horizonal position too.
Messed up my order and had it sent to an old address, sent message to company and the resent it to the correct one. The case itself is nice. My phone fits in well. The edge around the phone is just plastic. I wish it was a fabric type material like I have an my tablet case, but that's just personal preference.
very nice and every body who saw it wanted it
Very good dual Bluetooth headset. I have no issue so far for the last couple months! Good buy and cannot go wrong with this product! Just press and switch between 1st and 2nd cell phone and work perfectly!
The quality of this tripod stand is very good. It can be used for camera or phone and it is fairly lightweight. Very easy to set up. Adjustable height makes it easy to take pictures or video from many different angles.
I'm pleased all the way around with the case
I love this thing! Really do! My wife has one and I wanted one just like it so I bought this. Minor scratches on the back but the screen looks brand new and the battery lasts longer than any other one I've ever used! For having 1gb of ram it runs smoothly always. I've had dozens of 1gb tablets and none have run as well as this one. One of my favorite things about it is it's size. Even with the case on it it still fits in my back pocket.
I usually go for beach, camping, picnic or outdoors sports and I love it.
This is great for those who use their phones while driving. I use it mainly for GPS and it has been great. It does not get in the way of driving and it allows me to charge my phone. It blends in perfectly with my car (black) and it is easy to work it. It holds my phone really well so it does not fall out.
Cell phone case. Shipped quickly, item is as pictured and easily fits phone. Happy all around.
Fits the phone very well. Does not add any bulk to the phone which is exactly what I wanted.
Came on time, great quality. My daughter loved them.
Fits the G6 like a glove and is a nice sturdy case. Already has protected mine from a few drops.
Really like this case. Kickstand is much better designed than the spigen one's. I also try to keep it screen side in on the belt holster to add screen protection. Case has a solid feel, all buttons work tight.
Love this case. I have went thru at least 3 other cases but just wasn't what I wanted.
This is my favorite phone case that I've had. The material feels great in your hand. It's definitely worth the price!
Good audio quality for google pixel 3.The best baseline is Google's official USB-C to 3.5mm adapter that also comes included with every Pixel 3 sold. I went write this review cause the sound obviously better and more close to the original adapter.Being a Made for Google device,the dongle will work with the Google Pixel 2 and Pixel 3 phones, the Pixelbook, and even others USB C devices.
A little thicker than the stock cover and helps to protect the camera lens a little better as well.
Does the job just fine! No complaints about the product itself, but for the price you could pretty much buy a whole new pair of headphones... thumbs down to apple for making such a cheap product so expensive.
I'm usually on my feet all day so this is great because Now I can have my phone with me at all time and still be charging. I can have my phone fully charge about 3 times. The charger is very slim and can easily fit in your coat pocket.
Fast delivery and ready to use.
according to my expectations.
This is an good charger and I have recommend it to my friends who needs.
Love my new transmitter, 10 times better than the ones they use to offer 10 years ago. Sound coming thru stations are always in stereo and basically have no distortion. When you do pick up a little its usually the station your on. So you can just change over to another open frequency and then your golden . Also this one locks in your bluetooth effortlessly.
Easy to install had no issues when putting it on my phone.
Came early. Very good sound quality and bass. Hooked up to my amp and works better than expected.
Love the fact that I can see my phone screen reasonably well in the sun ! No need for going inside !
Radio is great. A lot of features, easy to use and goes great with a system.
Amazing I don't like the beeping when I try to turn my phone up. But I use it every day
Bought for my Bro and his wife 2 years ago and they use it to charge up there phones and tablets at night. They love it and this it. Buy this product if looking for a durable charge. That isn't cost your like the monster cables you but for twice the price. Its almost like an engineer came from the Monster Corp and started his own company and now can give you the monster cable quality and a fraction of the cost.
I got a new phone for Christmas as my screen on the old phone was cracked in several places. I didn't want that happening to my new phone so I purchased the LK [3 Pack] Screen Protector for Samsung Galaxy J7 Aura, Tempered Glass Lifetime Replacement Warranty. I could not be happier! The quality of this product is top notch! Installation couldn't be easier and there is a lifetime replacement warranty. Price is awesome for this great product! Look no further you won't be disappointed!
What can I say, It's an OTTERBOX case and is tough and looks good as well. Opted for the Orange Camo set up so I don't lose my phone in the woods...LOL
I was unable to use the vent mount because of my vehicle so I opted for the dash/glass mounted version. Its exactly what I wanted. I am able to make multiple adjustments on height and viewing angles so it does not obstruct my view of the road.I highly recommend this mount for its seamless wireless charging and ease of use.
Great service and product
This iphone 11 case that I bought for my iPhone I love in its a it looks very durable and very strong and the screen is very protective and I'd not use a yet because I'm still waiting with iphone 11 when I do I wanna put it on and I'll try it out
includes 2 screen protectors and cleaner. super easy to install - just center on phone and push the center and it adheres to the phone! no air bubbles! Protector cleans easily and looks great!
Good fit to iphone 8 plus, looks very durable, more important is it is very lightweight.
I love this bracelet, it looks so classic and dressed up
I wanted to use this for a few weeks, before reviewing to see if the claim it reduced dark circles was true...So, here goes: I have big eyes and have suffered noticeable shadows in the skin underneath, recently, having turned 40. I was at a wedding at the weekend and in a photo I had taken of me, first thing I noticed was the definite lack of shadows/dark circles that had been there before. A little of this stuff goes a long way, definitely works so is a fab bargain to someone who has been buying Clinique eye creams for year, at half the price!Highly recommend!
I'm very please with my phone case thanks
Excellent product. Nice to grip. Beautiful color. Easy to place on the phone.
then using for a couple days now and have no complaints. It was easy to install and it still sticking well to my center console. looking forward to using it on my next road trip because I often have to charge a lot of things in the car at once
The case feel nice and look nice but I hope it will last long
Works well with my Galaxy S6 even with an Otterbox Defender case. Charges pretty fast too even though the S6 does not support Fast Charge. I tried a couple of 3rd party chargers that would not work with the case on. But this one works great.
Great product so far! Got it before day expected to arrive. Good, good!
This is a great phone Mount that charges your phone fast. Phone does not fall out of holder when hitting bumps.
exactly what I was looking for
Nice product. Cable is heavy duty. No error messages. Works well.
It is a great product
This mount makes it easy to forget that your dash cam is there. No more fusing with the suction cup .
I've been using this wallet/case for my new phone and I love everything about it! My favorite feature is that the case comes out of the wallet so I don't have to pop my phone out of the case if I want to separate the two. The magnet holds it securely in place when I do want it to stay attached. The design is fun, the cut outs match everywhere they need to, and it carries everything I need for those times when I don't want to carry my purse or diaper bag. It's perfect for me!
Very easy to use and has a wide angle for video while traveling.
Yes, as expected, works great. Thank You
Perfect and holds all of the things I would need when I leave without the use of a big purse.
I bought this car Bluetooth fm transmitter because my car had no Bluetooth and I wanted to be able to charge my phone without having to use the USB to iPhone adapter without being able to charge my phone. It works great, automatically connects to my phone when I get to the car and even changes the songs on my phone with the touch of a button.
Love it. One of the most sturdy cases I have purchased thus far. Only down side is the card panel only fits one card. Hope it can store more cards. However, it's not big deal because it protects my phone and that's the most important thing.
Looks nice and feels nice. Definitely for those who want to continue to wear their fitbits in a formal party, coz sometimes that is when you get more steps, on the dance floor! I won't be behind with fitbit challenges with my friends. Definitely not recommend to use this band during serious exercising. Bands will easily get too hot if you go into sauna. Sweaty gunk will definitely easily get caught between the links. I'd switch bands according to the occasion. I love that this product sends you the tool set you need to adjust the band links. I could definitely reuse them adjusting other formal watch links. I love the product and very happy with it.
Very convenient and seem to be durable.
This is an awesome portable battery I bought as a gift for my mom. It's kept her powered up and ready for anything. Came with everything it needs and can go several rounds before needing charged. Charges at a great speed and does exactly what she needs it for.
I purchased these for my friend who was complaining about not having chargers for her new Samson Galaxy phone since the manufacturer changed the power plugs. She needed the 6' long so she could have one by her bedside and one by the living room couch. We searched together and found this set at this great price. They were delivered as indicated. The cords themselves are sturdy and wrapped black/blue so this should make them last. She was super happy with receiving them in the two day timeframe as promised. We both enjoyed this transaction and recommend these.
Works great even through my phone case. I can just place my phone down on it, and dont really have to fiddle with the position of my phone.
I love that this earpiece is simple to set up with my phone and use. The sound from this earpiece is also really great and can be used in really loud places as well! Love that I can also keep it in my purse when I'm not using it.
I love the color! It looks like it will last longer than my old one.
Great durable case that is protecting phone will so far Thick enough to protect the phone without being bulky like other brands.
I'm very happy after looking around I only found a few with this Length. Very well-made and sturdy.
I brought the phone for my daughter and she said it works just fine
Feels great to the touch, great value for 3 just in case but I was able to install the first go. There wasn't any info on the reviews on this, but it's VERY fingerprint resistant! That's a characteristic that's worthy of 5 stars all on it's own. 😁
Looks nice and is comfortable.
Very pleased with the screen protectors. Fits perfectly and has good directions and everything needed.
Arrived on-time and as advertised. Works as it should, and so far I'm completely satisfied with this purchase.
I was really impressed with the quality of this case. Feel good in hands. Fit my iPad perfectly. The color I chose is very pretty. Highly recommended!!!
So far it has worked great. Super easy to install and glad I'm protecting my eyes while it is protecting my screen.
This 2-port charger works well. It's compact, light, doesn't get hot, and gets the job done. I like that the USB ports face downward so that the plugs don't protrude way out from the charger. This allows furniture to be placed flush against the charger. The only downside is that the 2.4A is shared between the 2 ports. That means one device can charge at a decent clip, but plugging in 2 devices slows down the charging by half or worse. I generally don't need super fast charging; my devices charge overnight so this isn't a big deal.
Amazing product! No more falling asleep with phone on bed side table uncharged! Highly recommend.
Works great. I am using one for as a Data Cable for my because I lost my old one. Bad news is my 5 bit the dust and it is not used on the Edge. Oh well, now my husband has an extra cord to keep in his truck.
This went on easier and more smoothly than any screen protector I've used before. Zero bubbles and no effort.
Seemed light duty when I first installed it. But as a klutz I've dropped it since them and my phone survived intact. Was in hospital and nurse both dropped the phone then kicked it across the room. Upon inspection, other than a few scuff marks on the case all was fine. The added connivence of the storage compartment is an enhancement.
Worked great for a road trip. Had no trouble using it at all. Great product
Works as it says. Thick plastic waterproof it's great
Went on much easier than other brands. Looks awesome. (Holds up ) See? Seems like it will do a great job of protecting my screen.
This was my third attempt at getting one of these watches. The previous provider kept sending me damaged or non-functional watches. Order form PRIME MOBILITY and got the watch working right away. It looked brand new and connected right up with Verizon. One thing to note is you can mirror your phone number to this device but only phone calls will work, not text messaging.
Great price and case works well.
It does an awesome job at protecting my screen and all around as well. Highly recommend!
It's the Quality we are used to with Pelican. Very solid and fits great. The magnetic vent clip/stand is a nice touch. I was looking for another Magpul case for my new phone but they don't make one for the newer iPhones yet. I'm glad I stumbled across this one.
Arrived quickly, went on easily, fell better having it protect my screen.
High enough power to run my DNA 250 board on a power supply.
These are great short cables, well made and durable, good for traveling they take little space.
Excellent case for the iPhone XR...I bought one for myself and my wife. The case is well made and we both prefer over Lifeproof.
I purchased this golf watch for distances and it works perfectly well for the distances to the front, middle and end of the greens as well as front and end of the water hazards, bunkers, etc. The battery life is sufficient and I like to wear it daily as I like the display very much.
Seems to do what it's meant to
Anything Anker is of good quality. This item is no exception. I do not buy any other brand charging devices or cords than Anker. Great products all the way around
Very satisfied with the price! I paid extra for 1 day delivery, and it arrived on time!
This case is even more awesome than I'd pictured! Love it!! And it's very protective of my phone!!
I love every thing about this product. It was easy to install, works great.
Needed a new band for my fit2. Went for the colorful paisley pattern for spring and fun. Love it.
This case gave my phone a new look! My phone looks amazing with this case on it.
Very cool case. Nicely made, good quality. Would totally get another case.
Strong magnet. Exactly what we were looking for.
Took it to the beach and it did very well in protecting my phone. I will be buying in other colors.
This works great. Definitely worth the cost. HDMI is 1080P. The HD picture is great. The sound is controlled by your TV remote not the iphone. Lets you watch your cable shows on your Extra TV without paying for a second cable box and it ‘s legal.
Exactly as described and what I was looking for
good products! thanks
Really good sound quality, even compared to the $100 ones.
Is a exelent product I recommend
I've had this tracker installed on my car for half a year now and my car was recently stolen. But with the tracker and the information it gave me, the police were able to easily find it. The window was broken and the bumper was smashed, but at least I was able to find it. It saved me from having to probably getting a new car to just having to fix my stolen one.
I've had many high quality phone cases. I don't often write reviews but I'm so impressed with this product. The craftsmanship and design is really amazing. In person it is remarkably beautiful and very well made. Solid and sturdy. I could not be happier.
Sleek and super nice case. Only case I have found that fits perfect and has good gripping as well.
Bought this to use with my iPhone x to record ourself while working out in the garage. It very lightweight but stable. I was worried about it's going to tip over when putting my phone on but so far so good. Its good quality for the price.
Liked that it had it's own stylus
This is very convenient and portable. Can be charged anytime
Easy to install and very well priced.
Product was as described. Works well. I have it in my glove box and connects up automatically if my phone was last device.
I left my phone on top of my car and felt it fall off while I was on the highway. I watched three cars run it over and felt my heart sink when I heard a loud crack every time...ran in and picked it up when the cars passed...and my phone is UNSCATHED. The case itself just has a crack in one of the corners but it's barely noticable...absolutely the BEST case I've ever had. Not to mention it's really thin and light, and aesthetically pleasing too. The ridges have a rubbery feel to them too, giving it a great grip. Five stars.
Now I have 2 extra power sources in my 4Runner, which is very helpful when I'm on a off-roading trip with lots of power hungry equipments that need constant recharge while driving.
I really like this phone! I bought this for a young child because I like to limit the internet usage and it's awesome. Great for texting and calling and basic features. Also very user friendly and the elderly have an easy time too. Great basic phone!
Shipping took longer than I expected, but i dont blame the seller. I havent tested it in the field so i dont know how it will last but it is SUPER comfy and really easy to put on. I will report back after a few days in the woods;)
My colt mustang is a perfect fit in this. Second pocket holds a spare magazine and my Kershaw folder.
very easy to install and set up great picture grid line great I would recommend as great setup for the price
Nice cheap and works for what I need it for what more can I say ? It's of good quality and came fast
Fit my Apple Watch perfectly. Very pleased with it performance.
This is actually a really good case, I think I've had it for a year now. I was skeptical at first but it's proven me wrong!
It's perfect and the price is great!
Over the years, I have bought numerous apple brand iPhone power cords. They all broke rather quickly from standard wear and tear. So I decided to change things up and go with a different brand. And let me say that I could not be happier. I have had the amazon cord in my car for some time now and it has shown no signs of wearing out. It is reinforced and as durable as can be. (Plus it's apple certified) This is the last iPhone power cord you will ever need to buy.
better than what you might expect- 2 usb ports a plus
Wow, Fantastic Dash Cam. The quality is all around and the material is awesome. Just stick to it and followed installation steps and the application is very simple. Really worth a buy
So comfortable and easy to carry
I was always running out of battery early afternoon now my phone is charged all day
I have only just put on the screen protector, but it went on very flawlessly. I love that they give so many replacement pieces for those time that things just dont work out. The application was super easy. We'll see where this goes.
Fits Samsung watch . Very pleased
I like the design of this case and it light weight (compared to other brands I've used before). My phone has fell several times since I got this case and the case definitely saved it...
My daughter loved the design and fit of the case for her camera. It made it easier to carry around and use conveniently.
Great packaging and very easy to install came With all the materials needed to clean phone with!
Applied this glass screen protector and so far it has protected my daughter's phone after her dropping it many times. The glass seems very thick and durable. The price point is so much better than others out there that seem exactly the same.I received this product at a discount for my honest, unbiased review.
Works well at protecting the screen. It's good they come in packs of 3, because they tend to crack pretty easy, but they are designed to disperse impact by breaking. I tend to beat up phones. I go through screen protectors a lot, but I've never had damage to the screen while using one.
Exactly as advertised, plus a spare micro USB cable! Nothing to be upset about.
I tend to be skeptical about offbrand products but all my concerns were put to rest once this product arrived. First off, the product arrived same day (thanks Amazon Prime) and upon opening the package, everything was neatly laid out and relatively easy to install. Placed it into my car, connected the power supply, started the car up and boom, we were secure on the road. Video quality is solid for such an affordable dashcam and there's still plenty of options I have yet to explore. Overall, extremely pleased! Thanks Vantrue!
I love it. It's very comfortable. I had an issue with my old band and getting sweaty under band and getting stinky. No issues with this one
Very Happy with purchase
Great selfie stick Connectivity is fast and easy. discreet completely retracted and a very good FEEL.
Works great for Samsung s9. Bought with the arm so that phone will be further from the glass and heat up less during the summer.
The product is great and adjust to my phone. Really love it!
I loved the color of this case and the functionality.
Very nice case, came in great time, was worth the money.
This stylish band is easy to install and requires no tools!! Fits great and easy to adjust. The leather is soft and comfortable to wear, does not rub your skin and irritate it. Glad I purchased this product!
The shipping was fast very good . the screen protectors are the best I ever had and will continue to order more ..
Excellent product at an even better price. Easy to take along in your daily routine and plenty of extra power stored to recharge your laptop, smartphone or tablet.
Great price & product was easy to install
Great for the price! Very sturdy! Item arrived promptly.
This works as described with my iPhone and iPad.
All that I wanted and expected
So far so good. Feels and looks very classy. Very stylish. So far, am happy with my buy
Works great as described. I have a case on my phone and it still works fine.
This is a good gps tracker.Great for outdoor activity. No need Monthly Fee. And even when the cellphone has no network ,it also has real time tracking function!
I got a few air bubbles which I tried twice to get rid of. They were close to the edges and didn't impair vision so didn't worry too much. With time and use they have disappeared. Haven't dropped my phone since it's been on so don't know how well it protects.
Im so happy with this product,carry this with me everywhere I go, easy to clean and whats amazing is that you are cooperating for the environment
This case is beautiful. I love it. Fits my I phone 6 like a glove
The kit has everything you need for whatever memory you want to capture.
Good strap looks good.
Great 360 camera for my Essential phone
Perfect fit, and service
I bought this for my son and he is very happy with it. It is a heavy weight case and looks like it will really protect his phone.
love it and it looks so elegant !
Since I have all really protective cases, I wanted something slim that would be like I had no case on at all, but would protect it from being scratched, this case is meet my expectations. Really happy with this case.
Both cell phone stands are stable and they look great. Perfect!!
Good value and product appears to have an excellent build quality. Has a rubber band for keeping it together when not in use - nice feature.
Item arrived on time and in good condition ! I will order more in the near future. It's a good price for the item!
I really like the lip in the front to protect the screen from touching any surface
Great case great value and fits the phone very well
Lasted quite a while. My son was rough on it
Very durable yet light weight. Comfortable even when packed fully!
Love the case but it would be nice if it were fully enclosed.
This charger is great. It even charged my phone thru my life proof case. Now my husband is wanting one!. It is a great product for a great price.
The company is great responds immediately and helps take care of any problem. Will be ordering from them in the future
I bought this phone case the day I got my V30 because they decided to make them glass-backed. Knowing how accident prone I can be, I rushed to buy a case. I picked this one because it's aesthetically simplistic. Was a little worried about it being a small rubber case, ACTUALLY protected my phone when I dropped it yesterday, so I decided to come back and write a review. Great job, guys!
My initial thought was that this felt cheap! I also thought it did take a long time to charge. Probably about 8+ hours! However when I needed it, I used it 3 times to charge up my battery. There was still battery life on it as well!
Yes! This one actually works! I have purchased 3 other wireless car mounts that said they worked with a case, none of them did. I have a few Seneo wireless chargers at home and work that I love, so I thought I'd try this one out. I'm so happy I finally have a wireless charger for my car that works with my case!
I love the Zagg products as they have never let me down, both with quality and the look
Target was selling a case just like this for $30 so it's a bargain! The case does get scratched up easily but you can't really tell unless you look closely.
Definitely a bang for a bargain, i threw my phone through the tv and thanks to this case there was no scratches or damage done to my iphone.
I have had one like it before
I always scratch up my apple iwatch since I use it to work out a lot and tends to bangs into things. As with all my other electronics that have screens, I had to get a screen protector for it. This screen protector is very easy to apply. and it stays right on without peeling over time. Overall Ive been pleased with it.
Ordered for my Moto 4. Fits perfect. Have dropped it several times and it has done it's job of protecting my phone.
Great product... very fast shipping..
As described, great price!
Worked perfectly in Italy! No issues whatsoever!
Works great. Was easy to add-on, and have a backup. Not a fan of the glass case protectors. I seen many in my Exp. as an IT pro. that the glass case screen protector survived the fall but the actual screen of the phone broke under the glass screen protection.
Got this one for my daughter, I have one they work great!
This cord worked well. The product was mailed in a timely manner and the price was perfect compared to what I have been paying walking into a store to grab a charger that worked on my device.
Perfect for my teen, not bulky. I would advise a screen saver in addition.
Worked just as it should, it's super durable. Saved my watch at least 6 times since I purchased it.
Works great holds heavier phones really good
My son got his first car and this was perfect. It sits on the vent easily so he can use his GPS. It is easily adjustable and was easy to attach to his vent. Great price point as well!
The packing is fine. Second days to arrive. Satisfactory service I will not be bending this cable to oblivion for sure! I really like the longer cord-it is more convenient to use the item while it is charging. Best product. These things are tough and well made My sister is very satisfied with these cables. They are very long, and they are quickly charged. It is very convenient to use a mobile phone when charging. They are of great value if they are of good quality.
Fits great. Didn't use the screen protector. Popped that sucker out and put a glass one on it. Love the kickstand, my favorite feature. They don't make OtterBox or LifeProof cases for this phone but I like this one just fine.
It doesn't have a screen protector but, I knew it wanted something more grippy than the "made to be dropped" phone, so far so good.
Great subwoofer, everything needed was included, thanks!
Very nice colors and quality!
First of all I love the color. Bright purple, then it was exactly what I ordered.Fits my new phone perfectly, will order from this company again, real soon. My new go to website, love it!!!!🤗
I run around, a lot. My phone is very important to me as I use it pretty much like a laptop. Due to all of this activity my battery dies and I have had several time getting home with a dead phone. I hate carrying a wire in my purse to plug it in where ever I can find an outlet and am crawling on the ground to get to. I have tried the portable charges but that is another thing I have to charge and then carry in my purse. This case has solved these issues and more. A case on my phone is a must due to my level of clumsiness. Already I have dropped this one several times and in several conditions and it have been great. One of my favorite features on this phone though is that you do not need to charge it separately. Just plug your charger into your phone and both are charged. Then when you are out and you see that you are getting low on fuel just push the button on the back of your case and the blue light will let you know that you have nothing to worry about. Your phone will charge back up and keep you going! The silicone case makes it easy to grip. The price on this makes it irresistible! Perfect gift for anyone you know who is always running our of juice or asking to borrow your charger.
Love this!! I didn't expect much because it only cost $10 and I thought it would be shit quality but it's turning out better than the one I previously bought for $40 (different vendor) and only lasted a few weeks before it fell apart. I would definitely recommend this, plus if you don't like it, it's really easy to return. These guys are customer service oriented and in the end, that's what matters to me a lot
I've used this a few times now. Works great, nice and slim in case you need to put it in your pocket.
Nice product, loved it
I purchased these with my multiple universal port chargers. I haven't been around for a long time, but so far it is doing its job. This is a bit longer than I originally thought, but it is not the case of letting it or breaking it. I will see how these jobs work in time. Since these lines are not movable, I expect they will continue to work properly.
Bought the reduced cost one. My BF and I use it daily, and we've owned it for a handful of months now.
Very cute door sign. Our house is yellow with a white door, so this sign really stands out nicely.
This hat is my favorite one. Absolutely love it. Have never seen such before.
good quality recording
I am absolutely in LOVE with my new band, it's beautiful and made of quality material. Shipping was very fast and everything was packaged very nicely. I will definitely be purchasing more from this company!
Worked well with my radio good replacement my damaged one thanks.
This is a great product to protect my daughters Apple Watch. Delivered quick and worth the price I paid. Would purchase another if needed.
Fits perfectly came early
So far everything is great.
This is a design suitable for the old model, which is highly recommended！
I like all my gadget stuff in one place. this holds everything.
I have a treadmill at my house and this is really great at showing me my heart rate. It also use it for my morning run around the neighborhood. It has a lot of options that you can choose and use. Overall, it is a great smart watch and I would highly recommend it
This great little unit is small enough to fit in your pocket and super light weight. Has enough power to charge both of our phones and even comes with a case that has a pocket for the charging cables. Comes with both a short and longer cable, the soft case, and the power bank.
have had this battery for a month, This one holds a charge all day. No complaints.
Gave this to my mom for her birthday. She loves it and it works well. I have several that were more expensive and this is definitely worth the price!
Excellent cable chargers. I was a little hesitant just because my kids have gone through a few chargers. However, when I received my order I was really surprised with the quality. It comes with three different length of cables. Also very fast charging. Satisfied with this the purchase and Very reasonable price.
Just what I have been looking for. A clear case that's lightweight and thin that provides good grip. A very solid case overall.
It was very easy to install and the product is durable. I love the screen protector and recommend to anyone with an iphone. It's very easy to install and no need to pay anyone else to install.
Good coverage and easy install. Now if I could just get the Fitbit to Keep working
This bud delivers. Great battery life (6-7 hours for me). Easy to use, great for incognito use, and all around handy thing to have. I have bought several. Tried others and was unhappy even when spending $30 or $40 bucks compared to the $17.99 I paid here
Just what I was looking for. Would order from again.
Came promptly and was easy to put on phone-my last waterproof case was a real pain to put on. Kickstand is a nice option.
Just about only ones that stay IN my ears and don't hurt!!
I like everything about it.
Lightweight, comfortable, and durable! I was worried about the case being too thin to protect my phone from falls, but so far so good! My phone recently took a tumble down a waterfall and I'm happy to report, it survived!!! I'd like to thank the X waterproof feature and the case maker lol. 3 cards fit comfortably. 4- if you really want to squeeze another one in. 5- they all got stuck and it took a lot of effort to get them out. I paired this case with a pop socket and they work great together.
This company is the fastest company with an amazing product! They we're well priced and I ordered them after December. 1rst for a gift exchange and had them delivered to the ladies homes a few days later! They loved them!
I was nervous to purchase due to some negative reviews. But honestly would purchase a million times over! Actually, I did I purchased a lot as stocking stuffers for my entire family and it works. I have the 7plus and was worried it wouldn't hold but it holds just great. No complaints!
This charging station works well to charge the phone. The way it is setup works nicely and the cables fit well. I love that I can keep all my products in one place. Would recommend for the price it's a good deal.
Works exactly as described. Great to have as a spare charger- one for home and one for work so I can always make sure I'm able to track my steps.
I love the sleek, slim design it offers.
Using this to charge a Surface Go and shift over to a very portable USB-C setup for highly mobile working. Excellent for travel, fits into a tiny "go-bag" with other minimal connectors and cables. Easy to fit into sockets in cafes and hotels. Great paired with a PD external battery, and/or a USB-C to Surface Connector so as to charge and use in different situations with a very small amount of equipment.
I have iPhone 8 and I used this case in the pool with my son. Super awesome. I am able to take pics of my son and don't worry about my phone. Definitely great purchase.
Great product I've had it for years
This is bar far the most convenient case I have ever owned. It holds 3 cards easily and never opens unexpectedly. It also protects my phone. I have dropped it many times and not a single issue.
This thing works awesome! There is enough adjustment that I can see the display on the remote and my tablet at the same time.
Great for the boat at night!! out door on the deck....Love it
Good quality, easy to install, comes with everything you need, and holds up well.
I use it every day, it can be protective and charged.
Very easy to install! If you have a cracked or broken screen this is the easiest way to get if fixed without costing a fortune! Looks great on my phone just like the orginal!
I love that this is a rapid charge for two different USB ports! It makes on the go charging a breeze for us! Just plug in your power cord's USB connection and boom you will be all charged up and ready to go before you get to your destination!
Best glass shield I've had for my galaxy phone
I did not use the phone.
One of the best cases I have ever had. Each time a get a new phone I go through several cases to find on I am satisfied with, this is it. Highly recommend.
After spending months trying to figure out why I wasn't getting any sound from my new GigaByte mobo/Win 7, it finally dawned on me that a new sound card might be the logical workaround. Oops.... No free slots left. Then I saw the UGreen product and ordered it. This thing *defines* plug-and-play..... plugged it in to a USB port, connected the speakers, and Bingo!.... back in business. And I get two more USB ports in the deal. What's not to like?
I liked the fact that I could use it and now I have an extra one to use.
Worked just like it was suppose to and at half the price.
Love it! Had it almost a year...still works great!
My in laws love them!!!
For the price these are really good they cancel noise and fit in my ear nicely..
I cannot honestly rate this product due to not being able to use it. I am not one to return online purchases. My screen broke after being ordered. Had to get a new phone
I've been buying a couple bands for my Fitbit every six months or so. This has been my favorite by far. Because the watch is only water resistant, it's not like I'm worried about the leather getting all wet. This is so comfortable, adjustable and looks classic. Previous bands I have bought would get funky against my skin or had a magnet that interfered with my laptop, phone and other metal or magnetic objects.
Great case and durable!
This is the first time I've been able to install glass screen protector without a single tiny bubble, all thanks to the high-quality lint-free alcohol wipe included and the sticky dust-remover pad included with this product. Follow the instruction on their website to the T, and your phone screen will look fantastic!
this case is awesome is 100% durable great price and most of all it works i highly recommend it to anybody that needs a durable protective phone case you can't go wrong with it
I often use my Iphone 6S plus. It's always out of power, so I bought this cell phone charging box in Amazon. It's really good to use, it can be carried in real time, it can be put in your trousers pocket, it can be put in your bag, it doesn't need to use charging wires, and it can protect your Iphone 6S plus, let's go. It is free from wear and tear. It's not very big, and it weighs just right. It charges really fast. There are many reasons to like this situation. One reason is that it feels smooth but not slippery. So it won't slip away from me. Gold: Another important reason I really like this charger is that you can use your iPhone charger! Therefore, you don't need to carry extra cables with you, or you don't need to use two cables. If you don't have Bluetooth headset, you can still use the headset adapter. Gold: In addition, it charges very fast and lasts a long time. I think I can charge my cell phone twice when a full battery is charged
Highly recommend these screen protectors. Once you receive them go onto their website and they have an instructional video that walks you through installing it on your phone which is great.
My husband and I use this charger daily and it works very well. The back slides up and down so we can view the phone in tall or long mode while it is charging.
Love this band. I have very small wrists and can never find anything that fits, this was perfect and very good quality. Thank you
The battery is very good I'm getting like 5 days
Love this case, it's purple but professional, it's light but durable, and best of all, it was so much cheaper that what AT&T had at the store.
Simply perfect and unnoticeable screen protector, easy to install, no bubbles and all the scratches are gone!
I really love this spy cameras and this one it's Awesome perfect video quality and no problem charging my phone
it is exactly as expected. fits exactly like the original battery and lasts as long as well. i have to look at the sticker on the inside to tell them apart.
It can charge my phone about 8 times , it is very helpful for me. Now I don't worry about my phone and Bluetooth headphones running out of power. It is lighter than the portable charger I bought before, high RECOMMEND!
this is a really nice cover. the colors are as they appear online. Definitely would recommend this item. nice corner bumper guards
Could not find this 10 foot length anywhere else. Was surprised could not get at an Apple Store.
Purchased for a 4yr old. He can use it easily.
Helped me adapt a sim card for my hotspot
Good quality, look, and price.
I purchased this for my daughter's iPad in February. Recently she didn't have her iPad in its case and it fell on concrete. The screen cracked or so I thought. The protector actually cracked since it's glass and I thought it was the screen. It saved and protected her iPad sceeen from damage. Good thing I purchased two. Great product!!!
They do exactly as they say and are easy to apply. The screen protector saved me! It is made of toughened glass which provides long lasting protection for your phone screen. it works and is reasonably well priced and has good instructions
Much smaller than the Apple power supply, but not quite as powerful. Seems to work fine. Nice cable.
The look and price were great. Easy to use and really like the ringer on off knob. Liked the one I bought my husband so much I got one for myself. It was here before promised.
This is a big help, saved plug space...
I love this. Works through decently thick cases and super stylish. It's not super fast charging, so if you need fast charging I wouldn't recommend, however if you just need a reliable, stylish, charger, this is perfect.
Perfect for someone who needs help holding phone for any period of time.
This is almost exactly the same as the previous band I had except that it is slightly less shiny. Super easy to install took less than 5 minutes.
Second case for my s10+ after i had to return my first one due to not being snug enough. This one looks good and feels good to hold. Haven't done a drop test and don't plan on doing one either... But looks like it'll at least protect the edges. The front has a little bit of lip so if you lay your phone flat down, it won't touch the screen. There's no built in screen protector with it. The inner frame just goes around the edges, exposing the bare screen. The fit is really snug which is good considering it won't come off easily if dropped. It doesn't make your phone too heavy but it's not like Spigen's ultra slim ones either. The inner frame was a little difficult to take out from inside the case. So, that's something i might struggle with in case i need to take the case off. Overall good quality product.
I waited to wear my Fitbit until I got these. SO GLAD I DID!!! Not but 5 minutes after putting the glass on had I smacked it oh the door jam. My heart stopped, I looked down and BAM it was just the glass that was broken.
I love the AmazonBasics coils as they are durable. I have never had to throw one out due to wear-and-tear (unlike ones that are plastic coated). And they're much more affordable than braided cables from other brands.
Great case. Works as described. Somewhat bulky but i like the feel of it. It's very easy to install and operate. Would recommend to anyone looking for a battery case.
I had this installed for about 2 weeks and am very pleased. It was super easy to install. I was worried about it's staying power, it's been 90 degrees or warmer inside the car under the Vegas sun. The suction cup has a gummy surface to help it grab on textured surfaces on my dash & it was also to clean with water. I ended up putting it above the center console to keep it from interfering with the view through the windshield. I have a genuine pop socket on my phone and I haven't had any issues with the mount loosening from the car or the pop socket loosening from the phone. I was also worried that the phone would overheat as it's in direct sunlight inside a life proof case but that hasn't been an issue either. The vent mount have enough friction to hold my Note 9 in place without sliding off the vent flap not like my old one. I like use the mount for the vent to keep my phone cool during the summer heat in Vegas. I am very pleased with this purchase and would definitely recommend to everyone.
Works great. Good for trips
I love the color and it is so comfortable to wear.
Organizes all your phones and iPads, have everything charging in one place.
I love this product the screen protector works very well the only downside is it's hard to see in the sunlight. The charger works great it is a little finicky to put the Fitbit on.
Great quality headphones with a good Bluetooth range! I was that guy at the gym/track still wearing Apple's EarPods having to constantly readjust them...Not anymore! I can enjoy a workout more without having to worry about the EarPods falling out! They are also louder than my Apple EarPods and the battery lasts longer.
much better than a previous mount I owned that had only 1 attachment. very sturdy for my S10 and easy to use with 1 hand.
This mobile power looks great! It has a very good feeling, and its value is higher than the value I pay. I really like it to show the percentage of remaining capacity because it allows you to plan when you need to charge your mobile power. I am very satisfied, my child wants one too.
My son's s5 charging port doesn't work anymore so I bought this and it has been working fantastic.
I purchased this case originally when I had the Pixel 3a XL so when I upgraded to the 3XL, getting this case was a no-brainer. I've dropped the phone on numerous occasions and the phone has shown no signs of being damaged whatsoever. I've had all types of cases; some that I've paid more for then what they're worth. For the amount of protection that this case provides and such an affordable cost, Poetic will always get my money. Just wish there was more color options when purchasing for this model.
These iPhone USB cords are the best for the price and durability. This is 2nd order I have placed. Extremely pleased again..
They look pretty good too. I'm planning to replace all my cables with these.it's charging - the cable is very springy. It seems quite well-made, especially where the ends of the cable go into the base of the USB and phone sockets either end, which hopefully means that it'll put up a lot of resistance against fraying or wobbling
Well I liked everything. The package was delivered when they said it was going to be. The package was packed like it should of been and would definitely buy from the company again. I love the product and I use it every time I get into my car
I gave these headphones to my son. He says they are terrific.
Great price & a great band. It's very comfortable and it stays firmly in the clasps. Exactly what I wanted.
I've tried many types of cell phone holder wallets, this one by far is the best one. It looks nice as well.
Wow! The power went off and since my Wi-Fi is bundled with the cable, I was stranded without a phone. Imagine my surprise when the Housekeeper pulled this solar charger out of her purse?!? It saved us! Thank you!
I love this case! Very durable and perfectly clear to show my pretty red phone! :) The only negative thing I would say is that it is difficult to turn the sound on and off on the side because it is so thick, but I'd rather that than have a thinner, less protective case.
This is perfect for anyone who travels and has kindles and i phones. I love that it has 4 slots since it is so difficult to find multiple plug-ins. I also really like that it doesn't get hot like many other multiple chargers do.
Very happy with this case. It fits perfectly and looks great on my phone. Excellent quality as well.
Even after the screen was cracked it fit well and the were no bubbles. Screen looks great.
Exactly what I was looking for. These were pretty simple to install and came with everything I needed to get the protector applied cleanly. It adheres well and has been excellent so far in protecting the screen from daily wear and tear. I often have my keys and phone in the same pocket and having this installed alleviates my concerns about getting minor scratches on the display.
Works as well as the original
This case so far is awesome and I'm very happy with it
It appears to be. As I said, the case is as represented in that it is very sturdy. They are real waterproof, shockproof, etc. I was worry about that it seems will affect the clarity of our voice in phone conversations with friends. But actually, they keep saying that they don't have trouble hearing me clearly after we fade in and out several times. They tell me how much better they can hear me. That's a shining point of this product for sure.
Love it! Great services
Sounds great like them a lot
I'm a cook and use a Bluetooth speaker at work. This phone protects my phone in a busy ass kitchen while I run my playlist. I couldn't be happier built in screen protector protects phone in the hot steamy conditions I work in. Super durable case. I love it. Glad I went with this case. I know my phone is protected at all times..
This clip-on rechargeable treasure charging without dragging a long line, you can use while charging, it is particularly convenient when traveling to travel, the color is the size of the shape I like very good packaging, a penny Sub-goods, full texture, no longer holding the line holding the charging treasure and the phone so troublesome, the color good-looking, very texture, store quality of service is also very good set in the phone can also be very good protection of mobile phones , Feel good, charging speed is fast.
I bought this Bluetooth FM transmitter and was a bit skeptical. I was pleasantly surprised when i tried it.
This case fits well and it's pretty tough. I have been very happy with it. I like the squared edges it makes it easer to hold on to.
I love it! I can simply recharge it throughout the day, while on the go, without carrying any extra cords, etc. It works like a charm.
Best phone grip with seller being generous and sending extra stickers.
It was actually sturdier than I thought it would be! I also like the magnifier/lights that come with it too. I've used it a couple times now and it's so nice to have in my dorm room so I don't have to worry about finding room for a TV.
I'm so glad I purchased this phone case for my new Pixel 2. It fits perfectly and is very secure in my hand.
Surprisingly more durable than i thought it would be for the price. Definitely glad i purchased this case.
Very nice cables. flexible, good connectors! Definitely recommend
Love this headset. Kinda look like an air traffic controller but sound quality and noise cancellation are amazing
A very good product - old one lasted many years and we thought my older flip phone needed a new battery, but no. Turned out it was time to replace the old phone; so this battery was no longer useful for the different style phone since the new phone has a built in battery.
Never think lightning and micro usb can be integrated into 1 head. Better than the combo charger cable with 2 heads, save space and easy to use. It charges my iphone 7 and my wife's Samsung very well. The connection for iphone is very tide, I can hear a "click" sound when I connect to my iphone,which means a good connection.
These are a good starter set of goggles. They fit over a set of glasses if they aren't oversized. They have magnification also.
Overall, the device appears to have good and high quality. You can feel it well when you pick it up. The rubber is useful to prevent my iphone 8 from removing. The charger do not get too hot when I am charging my phone. I will buy more for every room.
Fits great seems like a reliable case
It works fine I like it.
Never leaked on my trip to Cancun! Brought it right in the ocean and pool with me. Hard to take pics and text with it. My pics and videos didn't come out well.
When people see this ashtray,they laugh out loud.. Great product..
I like this phone holder very much. Does exactly what I expected. It is not bulky. Pretty shade of purple.
Works better than I thought it would and very easy to install! If I ever need another this will be my go to.
LOVE this case! It's feminine, just the right amount of bling and the perfect rose gold tint. It protects my phone well, the buttons work great and the price is right! Highly recommend.
Very nice case for the galaxy s10. Removal is easy if needed. Easy to get to buttons and accessories. Seller great. Received within a week.
Great, I have even used it to take videos.
This is an awesome product I call it my charging station
High quality at a very affordable price. Slim design and well made. Clear case allows the good looking iPhone to show through. Highly recommended
The screen come packaged safely in hard easy to open box. Like most screens you have the cleaning and lint wipes. The screen seems very durable and does not effect the touch screen at all. It fits nicely. Does not cover the sides but that is needed because the screen is curved and this design ensures a good hold. It looks great on the phone will definitely protect me from any scratches.
As stated and quick shipping
It comes with five!! I can put every bedroom and the living room with one and take the short one to school. And the charging speed is quick.
Love it so far. Not bulky and very nice colors.
This screen allowed my daughter's cell phone to come through a near fatal motorcycle accident with nothing but a very, very small crack in the bottom of the screen. Wish she could have been wearing some thing that protective when they were in the accident. Helps to keep the phone's screen intact when phone is dropped, thrown or hit by a car.
Super fast shipping and they were in perfect condition, went on very smooth with no bubbles and has already saved my son's phone!
Got here fast and exactly as expected
Wow! This is an awesome deal! Even comes pre-wired, and has built in "quick connect" terminals in the back! Also insulated!!
I'm so glad I made this purchase.
The watchband arrived exactly as described. The rose gold buckle matches the watch. It even came with an optional clear plastic casing for the outside edges of the watch. I'm not sure if that provides extra reinforcement to keep the band from coming loose or if it has another purpose, but all of the holes are in the right place and I figure I can always use extra bumper protection so I use it.
The screen protector does not adhere to the edges of the screen. Other than that, I don't have any other complaints.
Works great after all this time, last longer than the more expensive ones, was a gift for my brother in law and he loves it!!
Plenty of videos showing how easy it is to install on YouTube. Very happy with the results and the fit is pretty near perfect with nothing to complain about. Great price compared to others.
Excellent well built and quality feel, a touch heavy but that is the only criticism. Quick to charge iphone which uses about 10% of its battery from flat so very impressed so far.
This is probably the best ear bud set I've ever seen! It comes in an amazing case and has different sized ear bud attachments depending on users ear size. Also come with rechargeable USB cord and nice recharging case!! Definitely worth the money!
These are excellent for a trip to the water park! My kids love them! We really received lots of questions on where to buy!
Well rounded case, I like that it is a little grippy on the back side but not so much as to make it hard to get in and out of your pocket, I wish it stuck out a bit more in the front to protect the screen but I had dropped the phone several times and it is doing it's job great and is holding up to my abuse. The teal makes it easy to find.
Very nice better than Apple
Just like a new one, looks perfect and has performed perfectly over time.
Bought for my Moto Z phone. Works much better than previous gadget guard screen cover I kept having to replace. Only reason I didn't give 5 stars is the first two broke sooner than expected, but may have been my fault. I will buy again.
Works fine in kitchen, at work, and in car. Distinctive look prevents people from "borrowing" it accidentally.
Fast delivery - received in 1 day. Package contains easy to follow user guide. The dash cam screen is about 2 inch by 1.5 inch, it is very easy to install. Video quality is great. Great quality, reasonable price. Definitely recommend it
Small and perfect the field. Fits right into the bag with the radio gear. Well priced for what it is and does.
Works perfectly for storing my AMA-mini media player. I read complaints that there was no Velcro strap to secure your device, but there is actually one that secures it to the flat center piece so I was happy to find that feature. It was a perfect fit for what I needed it for and feels really sturdy and well made.
Bought 5 of these, they are great! Glad I tested them upon arrival. Out of 5, one did not work and Amazon did honor a zero cost replacement. Can't complain.
All 3 work fine, good quality cable
Love this product. Shows off phone design. Bought this one for my brothers XR but I have the exact one on my Xs Max. Protects phone extremely well. I use it in the number setting and I just put on a back glass screen protector for a nice feel and look.
This is my second case.. works great and is super cute.. I drop my phone all the time and this case does a great job protecting it!
Great headphones. I love the way they sound and look. battery life was acceptable but more would have greatly helped. Their range is not always great; If I put my phone in my back pocket, the sound sometimes momentarily disconnects. Other times I can leave my phone outside and walk halfway across my house and they still work. This is not much of an issue though, as It enough to seriously affect the experience. Customer service is impeccable and would definitely recommend the product and the company.
I was skeptical at first because I thought the price was on the cheap side. I decided to give them a shot and I am glad I did. These went into my square body Suburban and they sound great.
All you can ask for!
Great for my watch phone and pod so I don't have the cord hanging everywhere helps organized my desk
These cables are fantastic! The construction and materials seem to be very sturdy. I personally love the little details. Each of the cables came with its own strap, each cable is in a static proof bag, and the logo is cleanly molded into the USB type A end. Like other reviewers have noted, the lightning end is a bit bigger than other cables. However, this can be easily modified by using a sander/grinder or a knife.
Excellent folio case for those who do not want a bulky case.
It's really nicely built and fits the phone well so it feels pretty snug. It does not cover the whole phone so that may be something to keep in mind for maximum protection. I bought it more for aesthetic, which it definitely excels at.
This is the best wireless charging bank out there. It also does have multiple USB ports for charging other items that do not have wireless capabilities.. I would say this is the best out there for your money it has a long lasting battery so you can have this charged then go on a trip or where ever and charge all your stuff on the go..
Monitor was easy to set up and use. This has been a very good experience with this company and product. More importantly, the measurements appear to be more accurate when compared to other devices that were used.
This case has worked awesome so far. I was really picky when choosing a case. My friend recommended this one since it's worked so well for her. It was actually my second choice and I'm beyond happy with it. I drop my phone multiple times a week sometimes a day.. and my phone still works great, no breaks or scratches on my phone. Would definitely recommend this case though and for the price you can't beat it.
Work wonderful for my phone
Great product for a great price. Very well made.
Easy to install, good price and fast delivery.
Was very sick with a cold plus flu, a friend told me about black elderberry, it's amazing how much better I have felt. This is going to be my new winter pill plus vitamins.
Soft case. I don't like bulky cases so I bought this since it looked slim and it is. Easy to put on. I like that I can put it in my pocket and it doesn't get stuck on whatever fabric I am wearing.
Other than I'd like the popsocket to be more in the middle it's blingy and I love it! And I received it on time.
This brand of glass screen protector is amazing! I have on my switch and watch and it's great no bubbles and very easy to install plus if you mess one up then it gives you what you need to try again!
For the ones that think they are fake, they are the REAL phone EARPODS. They sound exactly like the real ones if they are not.
Very long , durable , charge fast ... I've got many different this brand is the best
This made it easy to install an aftermarket radio. I was able to solder up all the connections on my workbench and professionally shrink tube all the connections. Once this was all done it was as simple as mating the connectors together. Wiring color codes on the back made it very easy to map all the wires to new stereo.
Timely arrival and as advertised!
Very pretty and classy. I love it!
Very comfortable, sounds really good. Cant go wrong with this one!
I bought the cover for iPhone 11 pro and it fits perfectly! I wanted a clear case and still be able to put a pop socket on the back without it falling off and so far so good! Definitely recommend case! Plus it comes with 2 screen protectors!
This setup is pretty easy. Make sure your area has a good station that you can use to link to your bluetooth otherwise you'll get some static in some areas as you drive. But this fits well on my vents and the magnet is strong enough to keep my phone secure.
I have had this case for a little over a year. I hated the Samsung Galaxy s8 phone before I got this case because I couldn't find a screen protector to protect it properly. I haven't had a screen protector since I got this and no cracks or problems whatsoever!! The phone connects magnetically to the case and stays in place perfectly. It's held up amazingly and I use this as my wallet to bring everywhere.
I was very surprised at how great it taste!!! I drank it with either water or milk! I prefer it with milk!! It's naturally sweetened. Great product- I will definitely order it again and again 😀
Works as advertised. Fits my NEXUS 6P with spigen case perfectly.Thanks
As advertised. No surprises. Good quality.
I absolutely love this popsocket. I even got a special case just to match it! I have had it for just about a year and it is still going strong. It is both functional (using as a stand, helping to hold, or mounting in car) and fun to play with while you wait. I have and iPhone 7 plus so it is hard to wrap my hand all the way around but with this popsocket I can even text with one hand. Love the design so much!
I have two more smart watch out of which one is from famous top brand but believe me this is not at all less then that and ofcourse price is much much lower as compared to that brand. This watch provide me all the feature that I need as part of smart watch and moreover it is my fitness tracker as well. On the top of that, it is waterproof as well . My daughter split full glass of water on it and I thought its gone but it started and I never felt that any issue happened to it due to that. The wrist band is very soft and I feel comfortable wearing it The battery backup is also good. I charge it on day one and it goes for 3-4 days for me with any further charging . Wire charger can be little longer. Overall I am very satisfied with this product and going to buy one more for my wife.
This is a very satisfactory shopping, things are good
This is the best phone holding device I've had. It's been in my car for at least a year now, without ever falling off or losing it's powerful suction. You can really customize the view of your phone with the arm on this. The only thing I don't like is the plastic lets the device sag a bit, but pretty much every single phone carrier is like that. This thing is perfect for an iPhone X. iPhone 7 Plus made it sag more due to its heavy weight. I just love the magnets and you have many different ways you can attach those to your phone. I use the smaller one, and it's inside my phone case so that I don't have to use the adhesive at all. Buy this, its great!
Thanks and great item
Love this! I've had so many people ask where I got this cover and it blends so well it looks like part of the watch itself. It's strong and so far has help up to a few bumps along the way. I would buy this over and over again.
Love to slim placement I bought several of these and have them in my various vehicles
I was surprised and pleased at how well the case is designed and made. It is not bulky. The compartments are well thought out and plentiful. I most certainly will use this everyday. This is a great value for the money.
I love this. I love my iPhone I hate the otter box that I get to put it in. Otter box are not that pretty and bulky. I so wanted something pretty. I could not afford to though cause every time I did something happened to my phone. With this a girl does not have to choose between beauty and her iPhone
This is the first pop socket I've owned and i like it a lot
If you are looking for a minimalist case, this one is perfect. It's very thin, so don't expect any drop protection, but it gives the phone a nice matte feel, and the white case did allow some of the color of my iPhone XR to show through. On a different note, I ended up having a problem with my order, and the seller responded quickly to fix the issue.
This band is so so so beautiful,I am totally in love with it.I wear it everyday,luckily,the elastic rope is strong enough.
Works great. I recommend purchasing some earth magnets to use with it.
I love this little device because now I am able to charge my IPad mini and I can connect my headphone while I am watching movies. This works as I was expecting. It is so nice to can use two ports with my IPad mini. I do not have to wait for my phone to be fully charged before I can use my headset. Works excellent. This is a very well thought out little device.
Perfect! Worked Great!
Works great as advertised and really easy to install apple watch charger. great for use on the desk and to leave phone on for a boost in charging. I have used a different cable than provided for added length and a 2.1a USB as it does not come with a plug. Have only tested with my iphone 8 but great so far!
Cute soft squishy littke case i love it. Fits the phone well
The case is actually worth the money, you won't regret getting it
For the price, you get what you pay for. The tool set comes in a red and black plastic case. It's pretty sturdy. Inside, you have a magnetic screwdriver base with all of the magnetic screw heads. The plastic pry tools feel cheap, but again, you get what you pay for. The suction cup is smaller then you would think. It works though! It does the job for an affordable price.
I love this iPhone case. It's slim and fits my phone perfectly. It also gets rid of the need to have a glass screen protector on your phone. Great deal!
I picked this up for while traveling. The ability to just place my watch on it cuts out one cord and allows me to pack less and be more portable. I'm looking forward to taking this camping next year! Great product and works well.
These are gorgeous and comfortable. Would definitely buy again. I have a small wrist and was able to remove all links to fit.
I really like this product. It is looks like normal USB cable, but that is really really useful and stronger. That will not easy be broken. I buy this product to my friend and he really like it. That is awesome.
great charger. beyond my expectations. out-performs the stock plug that is provided by with the phone.
Loved the style and fit
Great buy comes with screen protector
Pretty nice and clear as expected.
Easy to apply without air bubbles or dust following simple instructions. I've damaged two so far with no damage to my phone.
This case was so easy to put on and came with everything you need for your phone. Screen protector fits perfectly.
This is nice case and is more protective than I thought it would be. I would highly recommend it to anyone.
Great battery life but charging can sometimes be a hassle
Good wireless charger to complement a wall charger on the go. Works well. It arrived on time. It is nicely packaged and the product is designed very well. It came with the necessary cables and instruction manual. I hope that it will last long.
Well worth the buy. After following the instructions to let it discharge completely at least three times, the battery life is much better and last twice as long.
This thing is an amazing tool to have in your vehicle especialy with winter approaching. Always be charged and ready to go. The quality on this looks immaculate.
Very cute band...daughter loves it. Fits her apple watch perfectly
Bought this for my Dad. He likes it.
This thing is a beast. It's strong enough to hold a small camera on my car thrashing it around an autocross course.
The band fit perfectly around my wrist and even after 3 months of daily wear it still only has very minimal scuffs. Would buy in a heartbeat again!
Watch band has a magnetic clasp and is very easy to close.And fits all size wrists.
This case is great. The 4 corners are slightly raised so that facedown, the screen doesn't touch the surface. The buttons cutouts work well, so that there are no accidental button pushes as with raised button cases. The inside of the case has some kind of soft fabric. The case fits snugly, keeping dust from collecting, as I've experienced with other cases. I just wish it was available in more colors.
Wonderful product. Love the fact I can now have peace of mind while driving my late model van with a piece of technology typically offered in newer vehicles. The 7” mirror is larger then the factory mirror there now. I'm very happy with this product and appreciate the memory card being included.
I love wearing watches but my wrist is really small yet if I wear a band without being able to adjust it then I feel that throughout the day it gets tighter. This band is perfect for all occasions and doesn't feel that I am just wearing an apple watch. I feel like I personalized it with this band! My band did not come dirty, but I wore it when I was painting so disregard the underside of the band. The band came perfectly brand new!
My husband loves these socks he said his feet have never felt better especially with him wearing steel boots all day
I have another, similar holder, but I find that this one is better on the whole. Rather than a lever clamp, it has a screw sleeve that tightens it up against the vent. It is more secure as it doesn't wiggle loose. The only complaint I have is that the little arms that hold the phone on the bottom can pivot out of the way, but I've always seen when this has happened and just put them back in the correct position. I can only imagine that they designed these to swivel so that phones/devices with off-center ports could also be charged easily.
Really cute case and does the job of protecting the phone. So worth the money, would buy again!
I love it.My s7 edge phone screen was damaged.when I use this one looks like new one.perfect!
Really nice case for a great price. Fits the Honor 7X perfectly. Not difficult to install or remove, but never falls off when you don't want it to. Crystal clear, let's the nice blue color of my phone show through. All openings for connections are large enough and well-centered. The cases are just flexible enough to provide some (not a lot) level of edge impact protection.
Perfect for holding all my jewelry! Holds a lot ! Very well made !
I wear this everyday and I have got so many compliments one it. It is very comfortable!!!
I like how slim it is. It has a tendency to slip if you're not careful.
Love this case!! Fits perfect on my S8+ slim feel, the clear part is perfect to customize it and add pics for myself. Would definitely buy it again!
I am a loyal Spigen case customer, but tried this one for it's slim fit, matte finish and high rating. I am happy I did. This fits the S8 like a glove and a noticeable profile difference from my Spigen TPU (clear) case. A TPU is more rubbery and easier to hold, but once you get used to it, I didn't find it to be a negative in handling my phone. I dropped my phone once or twice, and it appears to have the same level of protection as my spigen case did. Appears cleaner as no fingerprints or scratches.
Excellent case. Literally had my phone run over by a steam roller, and it just cracked the screen.
Great case and great price!
I have no dislikes . This product is as advertised and lasts for a long time. I have already charged my phone three times and the charge / battery has only dropped one bar. Great Product!
I recommend it to my friends, they are very happy to buy their goods is also very good. It feels sturdy and may last longer than a traditional lightning protection cable. It's super fast, it works just like it should.
I have used many wireless power bank,and frankly speaking,this is the best one which charges super fast both the wireless charging and the wired charging. I just charged the battery once but use the battery to charge my phone for 7 days without recharging. This is really incrediable!!!! And the battery drains very very slow,i now take it with me everywhere i go. Super convenient.Highly recommended.
Enjoying my phone case. Get so many compliments.
Gave this to my son-in-law for his birthday-no complaints from him-he was very pleased!
Slim/sleek looking case just like I wanted, and works perfectly with my Whitestone dome screen protector
All is good, too heavy but it's ok i guess for this capacity. The only thing that it makes noise while wireless charging
Power bank is very durable, fast delivery, good quality, high cost performance, go out to play no longer have to worry about the phone battery!
I just recently got a new iphone 8 plus and have been wanting a case to protect it from drops and scratches and anything else. I love the color and quality of this product; I am certain that my phone is safe and protected with this case on it. I like that it is durable yet stylish and I have received so many compliments on it! Thank you for being the reason my phone stays new and protected! Thank you!
So far my favorite phone case on my Note 8! It looks like the silver boarder was made possible by spray painting the silver color on the insides of the case. It does look like a real stainless-steel board though
Exactly what I needed. Price was pretty good to.
Works as promised. Excellent sound quality. Packaged well. Feels very comfortable on your head. Fits ears very well and blocks out extraneous noise because of the tight, comfortable seal it forms around ears. You won't want to take these off. Nice product!
This item is Awesome! Works wonders while driving.
This is a must for any iPhone owner, for it charges your phone super quick and you can take with you in case your phone dies mid day but you still need it ❤️ and great fit. not to bulky ☺️
This adapter is very useful, I don't have to buy bunch of expensive apple accessories, this adapter is very fast too. Recommended!
Meets and performs as expected.
Fits great. Thin and light. Good grip. First party cases from Samsung always seem to serve me better than 3rd party cases.
Great phone holder! Can't beat price and warranty
I love my Nexus 5x I have had it now for almost 8 months or so now and it still going strong. I had purchased some glass protectors and they saved my butt a few times. This phone is very light screen color is vivid and bright touch screen works great as it should. I am accustomed to using this phone over my other because how much lighter this one is than any competitors out there. I would buy again and I would definitely recommend to friend or family for a reliable good phone for a great price.
Absolutely love this phone it's a newer version of the phone I recently broke, but I love this version even more. And it was a great deal.
This product protect my phone screen when I dropped my phone. The screen protector shattered but not my phone. Well worth the money.
Great product. I bought one for me and my wife so we can keep charged if there is a problem.
Loveeee. Just pops out. Don't have to twist like some.
Great phone case for a great price !
Best Smartphone and IPad holder!!! I already have 2 of them because they are very strong and easy to attach/detach the device.
The case came in good condition. I was expecting it to be in a glossy finish, but it's actually a matte material. It worked out in my favor though because it doesn't slip out of my hands as easily compared to if it were in a glossy finish.
The band looks and feels good. Seems durable only time will tell
Love, love, love this bedspread! I have a CA King mattress and this is big enough where it falls to the floor and the color is beautiful....Definately would purchase again!
It is so hard for me to find earbuds that fit and stay in for a workout. Like, nearly impossible. I have very small ears - I have met babies with larger ears than me. I have tried multiple brands of earbuds that offer several sizes, and nearly none fit. My apple earbuds work pretty well, but I wanted bluetooth and didn't want the airpods (I don't think I can be trusted to look after two tiny earbuds). Someone told me about these and the "bone induction" style of headphones- and I'm so glad I took the leap. They were more than I wanted to spend, but are so worth it because they work, they fit, they stay in place (even if they move, I can still hear the music well), and are so light and comfortable. And I love that they can just go around my neck if I need to hear something or talk to someone - less chance of losing them :) I've worn them for all my workouts from running to yoga to jumping on the trampoline. And great battery life!
This is a wonderful product!! It was easily installed and it comes with a lifetime warranty!! It looks really great on my phone and it fits perfectly.
Good quality my phone for perfect
What makes me surprised it the feeling when you hold it on your hand, and the case coms with a delicate box
It's easy to install. Good quality, fast delivery
This fit my ipod Touch 4th gen perfectly plus it has a good tactile feel to lessen the chances of dropping it.
The cable is extremely stout, it is braided so as to resist snags or crimps (to a degree) and the tips are extremely strong and well made. I like the velcro strap as well and appreciate that for storage. It is a little pricey for a USB cable but it's definitely worth it so I'm not dealing with a broken cable when I least suspect it.
nice thin battery case! one of the things i hate about battery case is they are so bulky but not this one, this is just what i wanted. it charges ur fon when u press the button or from time to time it charges itself. i don't know if it supposed to but i like it that way. the kickstand is a bonus! i also like how its the same charging port as the phone. i have battery cases before and u need to charge them separate with a different usb cord.
Sturdy, protective and durable!
Very Nice appearing and durable product at very good price. I gave it as gift when my daughter indicated she would like to own one for her out of town work.
Case fits my fiesta 2 I haven't tried the screen protector since I already have one but seems it would fit although it doesn't seem as durable or thick as others I have used
Excellent product. Had for a month and going strong so far. Item was just as described.
Great phone protection, easy to remove from holster one handed...however I've ordered 4 of these because I've broke the holster lip
Love the band pretty, dressy, doesnt look cheap
This is a much better option than the actual razer branded screen protector. For half the price of the razer screen protector, you get a pretty nice box that comes with two alcohol wipes, two dust stickers, a cleaning cloth, a squeegee, and two screen protectors so you're good to go if one of the screen protectors break, or you mess up the installation the first time. The screen protector itself isn't fully covering the phone from speaker to speaker, but it's a very, very small gap that is left. Maybe half a millimeter? But it isn't too much of a problem. I recommend this screen protector for anyone that has the razer phone. Since you're better off having two good quality screen protector for $13 than a single mediocre one for $25.
Works good. It's nice to have a wireless charger!
This screen protector was very simple to apply to my phone with clear guidelines and directions. I think that overall this is a great product for the price.
I love this case. It is nice and thin, yet seems tough. It is easy to hold the phone and it slips into my pocket easily. The buttons are easy to press and it is easy to put on and take off. Plus it has that little stand prop which I love.
Works as intended. Easy to install and does not interfere with low profile cases. Dropped the phone and the protector prevented the screen from cracking.
I brought this for my Galaxy S8 Plus. Let me start off by saying this is a Big Charger. If you need something small do not order this. I love this Charger even though it is big it gets the job done fast. I'm a Happy Customer.
I was surprised by the size and weight of this battery pack but it sure delivers some serious juice! It's not as compact as some of the other battery packs I've seen but it provides a full charge and the dual USB ports are a bonus. I use this on the go and it keeps my iPhone 8 running all day long. I charge it back up at night and it runs all the next day. I'm happy with my purchase and would easily buy it again as a gift. Giving a full five out of five stars!
Tired of having things sliding across my dash. I have used this for over one Month and it works perfect. Stays in place and does it exactly as I had hoped. Great product
I did not want to wait to find a case for this new phone. Spigen has always made solid products. I feel like other brands that cost 3-4 times as much are not really made all that great anymore. It's beyond frustrating when you pay $60+ for a case and don't get a single year out of it. To get this case for a good price works for me. Even if it lasts for a single year, you are getting a good value. This case seems pretty well built. And it seems capable of protecting this expensive phone. I hope it lasts and protects my phone over the long term. Will update my review if anything goes wrong with this case.
Well designed shoe bench and attractive.
Works better than the sockets
Cute looks exactly like the picture and fits my note 8 perfectly.
I used it in my new phone, and it works well.
I immediately love these. Really comfy, the sound is clear though not super powerful for high energy music, but perfect for relaxing music at bedtime. It doesn't even feel like you're wearing headphones. Plus, I feel like the karate kid, which is totally rad
Great earbuds! I received these earbuds as a birthday gift with the intention of using them for working out. They have been absolutely amazing for working out as they are completely sweat-proof and they stay in place very well. The sound quality is very good for the price and the battery life is also great. I would highly recommend this product.
Love it! It fits perfectly in my car and does great job charging my phone on the go.
very nice for my phone and my smartphone had suitable for this case.Will buy it again and my wife realy like it!
Decorated this case for my co worker and it fit her phone perfectly! Will definitely reorder more!!!
I kayak a lot. I'm constantly in a boat. My phone always has had to go in the big hard box I have, or the smaller bag I have. None of those work well, since you can't touch the phone. This pouch solves that issue perfectly. It has a pretty thick plastic, so I worried the touch wouldn't be good, but it's great. The thick plastic makes me sure it will last a long time. It comes with straps, so you can keep the phone attached to you. This is great, since I'm out on the water with it. The camera spot is right where it should be for my phone, but your mileage may vary. If you have a very low camera it might be an issue.
Works great! Still takes good pictures and you can still make calls
Great for the gym. The ear buds fit in place well and you can't hear the outside noise which is nice.
this product was great. very easy to apply without any bubbles (since its glass). fit was perfect for ipad mini 5th gen. very satisfied
Nice design and Great fits to my phone. But if there could be a hole on the back part that could show the apple logo, I think it will be much more fashion design. Overall, it's a good quality Case with the excellent low price.
This cord is way more robust than I was expecting. Very happy with it!
After looking on Amazon for protection for my new versa 2 watch, I decided this one was the one I wanted. It came the next day and it was easy to put on and came with all the products needed to make the screen clean before putting the cover on. I'm happy with the cover and feel that it was a good value for the money and great protection for my new watch.
I used this because need some power supply while camping to power a couple things like air mattress pump, charge devices and other minor power needs. I hooked it up straight to the car battery and it worked good.
Looks exactly as pictured, the edges do an amazing job at protecting your screen from hitting the floor when dropped. Ill admit to consistently buying this brand when i want to change the case
Was a gift and recipient was well pleased.
My Dad had this brand for one of his phones and i liked it so í got one for my phone. Its super snug and is pretty durable. I like the simplicity and all the ports are open and easily accessible;meaning there are no tabs to twist or pull out to use them. I would like to see plugs that come along in the packaging for ports that don't get used at all or not very often. This will help to prevent oxidation or foreign debris from entering them. More of a feature request than a rating... Alex
Kid live it i like it too really cool toy
The high-quality materials provide comprehensive protection for the phone, which is perfect for me, so you can still see the color of the phone.
I purchased this to replace my lost keys
Wireless charging received, used a few times feel great, charging fast and safe. The heat dissipation is very good and it won't be hot for a long time. Wireless charging is very thin, do not want to move the power is very heavy, recommended to buy
OMG this desk organizer was a life saver. My desk is super small and there is not much space to put thing. This organizer was the perfect size and now I'm not losing all my things. I love it.
I absolutely love this case! It fits my moto droid turbo 2 perfect! Not a bad word to say about this case! Its a very nice perfect fit for my phone
Thick and looks strong. Make the phone way too bulky but looks safe.
Seems pretty durable but it was a pain in the rear trying to put it on right after I applied my screen protector. If you have a screen protector on, know that it'll be a bit challenging to ensure it doesn't come up or smudge while trying to get the case on. Otherwise, it was easy to install and looks great! Love the many color combos they had available.
I've been using this case intensively for a couple of months now and have had no failures at all. The glass screen protector is easy to apply and tough. The leather facade is attractive and does not come off as some people say. The cover for the micro-USB port has been trouble-free and does not interfere with the charging process in any way. One final comment is this: I have dropped my phone while in this case literally dozens of times on concrete and there is not a single noticeable scratch, crack or discoloration anywhere! To me, this is the perfect case and I will use it as long as possible.
It is a great cable. Will the cable have issues? Only time and use will tell. Works great and feels like quality.
screen protector touch sensitive is very good
Very pleased with the sound and quality
This cover is perfect! Easy to use the touchscreen on your watch. I bang and scrape my watch a lot but it is scratch free.
Quality of this thing is really good. Extremely sticky so it wouldn't fall of anytime soon. Also it spins really good so it can be a boredom reliever.
These fit perfect, were easy to install and a great price...
the USB 3.0 ports are working, the other ports such as HDMI and SD or TF ports work well,excellent product !
This was given to a friend for birthday present, she constantly doesn't have enough power for use all day, she liked the charger because it portable and have the power cord attached with the charger for her Iphone 8, and the charger is also a quick charger within less than an hour her phone is fully charged. Highly recommend for Iphone's.
This product is really cool and great as a gift. It comes in a great packaging and has an excellent battery life. I have gifted this to my friend and got great reviews from him.
This waterproof is well made and I can actually use the touch screen while phone is in the pouch.
Less than two weeks ago I got the battery packs that unfortunately didn't work out for me. Customer service got back to me and were truly sorry about the whole thing. I was very impressed with the way they dealt with things and am super happy to say this is truly the way things are done and handled. Thanks you!
It is good looking and very stable. My friends said it is the coolest one they ever seen. Haha
Its really nice and worth the money.
This is an awesome cell phone holder! I have the iPhone XR Max. This was super easy to install right from the package. Took less than 5 minutes. One thing I like about this holder is that it sticks to my dash. I purchased on from a big box store before Christmas that was a suction but magnetic to my phone and I can only get it to stick to my windshield. I was so disappointed. So I have been searching since for one that would stick to my dash and THIS IS IT! My phone has not fallen out of this thing! Right where I can see it. Hold my phone nice and tight without any issues. Easy to put it in and remove. Love this holder.
Slim and sleek. Exactly what we expected
I have yet to see any of the usual wear and tear I've had on every other phone case I've purchased.
Been using this for about a week now and haven't had any issues. It was a very nice price and it came in a lot of colors so I thought I would give this one a try (plus my old case cracked and I needed a new one asap). I haven't had a case that closes and clips a front piece to a back piece before, so I wasn't sure if I would like it. It was easy to put on and I didn't have anything break when snapping it closed. The only weird thing was that the buttons felt a little stiff compared to my old case, but now I don't even feel much of a difference. I dropped it once since putting it on and still no issues (although that was on carpet). I really like the smooth back because I am addicted to those pop socket things, and also the way the top and bottom curve out a bit more so the screen doesn't touch flat surfaces is nice. It is a pretty decent case that shoots up to excellent when you compare the price of other cases, so I would definitely recommend it.
Great Product, especially for the price! I have been wearing my silver band for 2 weeks now and it really makes my bracelet look 10 x nicer! Best upgrade for the Flex 2 rubber bracelet bands that you can buy.
Purchased this dash camera after seeing videos on youtube about it. It is much cheaper than the other versions, but still provide great features. The suction cup is strong, once installed its hard to pull and remove it from the windshield. All the main buttons are located in front of the screen, easy to adjust and control.
This case has good quality and nice design. It well fits my IPhone 8 and completely protects the 4 corners of the phone. The leather is supper soft and comfortable. This case has 1 side pocket and 3 cards slots. I put some cash in the side pocket and 3 cards slots for my id, credit card and my badge card. I like it!
My husband loves his real tree camo Phone.
Looks good. Very sturdy. I usually change handsets every 4-5 years before getting a new one, and I have always had to replace the case every year or so. (My previous phones was a Samsung S4 which I got in January 2014, and I bought the Samsung S10 in August 2019). I am a rough user of my equipment, but I think this case is sturdy enough to last the entire lifetime of my phone.
The product came on time and fit perfectly. Durable
Works well keeps things together.
Lovely record player, bought it for my boyfriends birthday and he loves it! Very cute and compact and the sound is great, couldn't ask for more for the price
I have had several different cell phone mounts and this on is my favorite so far. I like how it sits lower than my dashboard and it fits very well on my air vent, it's very sturdy, and it's easy to slide the pop socket onto it. the only downfall is I have to turn the vent it sits on to off when I turn my heater or air conditioner on.
Great apple watch series 4 fit and charge with even with an after market charge cable. Fits snug and charges right off.
Good quality and works great with iPhone X and iPhone X max with covers as well
I really can't say too much about this charger except it did what it was supposed to.
Unbelievably high quality. The company that makes this did an outstanding job. Hard to find a case like this ever - and for any phone. It's the kind of case you keep for the life of the phone. Not some throw away pos. This company needs to be appreciated. 100%
Fast,easy, as advertised
I have an Epson 1040 projector and tired of transporting it in the retail box , so I picked up this case. It took 15 minutes watching the ncaa tourney to remove the foam and fit the projector and accessories. The case is solid and the fit is snug , if anything just follow the picture on amazon. Piece of cake, no cons.
This power bank is made of great quality. Very nice design and very good features.
This cord has actually managed to outlast the cord that came with my iphone, and it's extra long, so I can comfortably use my phone while it's plugged in.
This chargers actually charge my Moto Z2 with battery attachment unlike other chargers.
Love this case! The wood grain is amazing and the craftsmanship is outstanding. I have gotten so many compliments including several C level execs at the company I work for.
Easy to apply and much better than the glass screen protector.
Pure white ear buds like the apple air pods but larger in the size but manageable. It doesn't fall down from ears even though has no wires. Cool.fast shipping they have.
Very impressed. Little tired when I tried to install it at first and messed up. Second time I watched the video a little closer an installed it perfectly. Looks great an covers all the edges of the screen very well. Definitely would buy again an.
It does exactly what it is says it does. Cute color! I love it!
I love this cover! It's beautiful and protects my phone as well if not better than any $30 one I've seen!
Great feel! Exactly how described.
Works great! Thanks!
Excellent quality. Easy to install. I believe that states it all.
Because of its price, I don't know the brand in advance, so I bought this. So far, I have made a wise intervention. It is better than my Amazon brand cable.
The protector went on super easy. It hasn't scratched or cracked.
This case is worth the money.
It reminds me of my previous one, except it hurts my ear something fierce. It's been awhile and it still hurts, need it for driving so I don't know what to do about that?
Bought this for my brother and he loves it. It works great and its nice for a new driver to be able to place and use it for gps while it charges since it hooks to the vent without. Would recommend!
I bought this back in 2014. I still have it, don't know how or why it has lasted this long, but I still use it to charge my now outdated phone.
I bought this to track the hook up of my trailer. The screen bumps into my visor so I got to deal with that. The system though is impressive for what it costs. I would recommend this thing. It slips on nicely to the existing mirror and I ran the cable inside the whole way back for the rear.
Purchase this in 2017, for my daughter's phone. Still working great and the phone is in the excellent condition. case has a few scratches but isn't that the point of the case?
I love the fact that this case is not bulky and still quite thin, but it's still sturdy and protective for my new iPhone 8 Plus.
Hands-down the single best phone cradle Ive ever owned. Your search for a good quality, no-fuss phone cradle/dash mount ends with the IKOPO magnetic mount. So easy to mount, holds the phone incredibly well and is so versatile as far as portrait or landscape mounting. Ill be buying additional units for my other cars and office. Such a great product.
So pretty case in a good price. They shipped it so fast.
The customer service is great. A big shout out to Kitty for the assistance recieved. The headset works perfect for me at the gym. It's easy to use and the quality of sound is as expected. Incoming and outgoing calls were clear and had no issues using it via the phone. Did not have any issues pairing with my phone. Headset works well and have no complaints!
Feel good in the hand, exquisite workmanship, sticking to the back of the phone tightly. Very satisfied. Cool, very personal, light and durable, convenient, very beautiful. Especially textured, workmanship is also very delicate
5 stars as of now. It's a snug fit, and appears to be a tough sturdy design. Slimmer than my old defender series case, and somewhat lighter. The hip case is very secure and the rotation on the belt clip is very tight and locks in place very well. I will update the review if anything happens, but as of now it was just what I needed.
I am very impressed with this screen protector. I've used others before, but this is by far my favorite. What I like most is that it comes with everything needed to install and the installation was easy. I'd most definitely recommend this to a friend.
These phone cords work great for s8 phones and charge fast.
I loved the product I have dropped my phone many times before with different cases and somehow my phone breaks yes it may be expensive but it's worth it it comes in very fancy packaging and comes with a phone holder it's an amazing product but there is one problem I had is that the design over times starts to come off and you are ending up having a clear Samsung galaxy s8 plus case.
Nice protective cover. Great price.
There are some reason for 5 stars: -- It's small and lightweight, easy to carry anywhere bcs of it's retractable design. -- Only one cord I need when indeed in charging bcs of it's 3-in-1 design. -- Must value of money there as received 2pcs in one package. -- Fast charge and data sync as there are no any difference in charge and transfer data with my original cord. -- Promptly arrived as arrived within one week. All in one, good quality and convenient.
Apple technicians back this product up and it's been performing great for over a year, and the brand has solid product all across the board. Anker is my go-to for my cell phone needs.
Great protection for my phone. Great quality. I've had the abacus on my last three phones because they are well made and they don't have that cheap fake leather look. They look good and last forever.
Radio reception was just as good as it was before. No problems what so ever.
This Case quality is very good. I can use it next week Travel
Loved it very pretty
i bought this replacement battery for my wife's Motorola phone. it works perfect like the phone is brand new.
When I first took it out of the package, it does looks flimsy but once it's put together. It's perfect! Love the colors! Will definitely buy again!
I was a little weary of the size of the case, but once I received it and put it on I found that it's very slim. I was also worried about putting on the glass protector, but that was really easy as well. I'm very pleased with it.
I love this case! It was far better priced than at the retail store and is the exact same case! Love the color. Have had no trouble with it at all. Extremely study as I have dropped my phone on our concrete garage floor MANY times and have had no issues with the phone cracking or breaking.
This works great and I would definitely recommend it to anyone.
nice would buy again
I like that my phone is protected. The finger reader doesn't work.
came on time. I got this to help me for my upcoming trip to Europe will write back later with my findings
Headline says it all!
Apple iphone charging cord was exactly what I needed, price was great & received in 2 days! Awesome service!!!
Case is holding up well after a few months of use, iPhone is still in one piece even after being dropped several times. Case seems to be doing the job I purchased it for, no complaints here.
Love the case! Very slim, no heat from charging, and easily removable if needed! Highly recommend
Works very well. ReLly like the length of the ord
Pair this with a tile and never lose your remote again. I've bought this 5x as gifts for people.
My son is in the Army and uses this solar charger while in the field. He just had it out in the field for three weeks and said it worked really well. He stated it was tough and it charged his devices.
Very durable feel without being too bulky in your hands! Also, it's way better priced than many cases out there that do the same thing this case does.
Stylus work and are sturdy
Super product at an excellent price!!!
Absolutely no complaints! All cords work great!
This is the best case by far in this kind. First I tried the Proof Life for my 2 iPhones and both fail very bad in the quality.
I have this case in 2 colors...I absolutely love it! Fits my Samsung phone perfectly.
Just received this today and it does not have a lid on the water bottle
Cute for the diaper cake I'm making
This is a beautify Galaxy S9 plus case. It fits perfectly and looks extremely stylish. The rear panel is crystal clear so the beauty of the phone shows through. My Samsung wireless fast charge also works while the phone is in the case. I would recommend it.
Nice looking piece of furniture. Looks nice sitting on my dresser. Wood is very nice and smooth.This bamboo charger works really well. I like the organization design of the product which gives all my devices a home and can be charged easily at the same time.It even has a hole for your Apple Watch charger to fit into so you no longer have to keep flipping over the charger to see if it's facing right side up!
I bought 2 watches for my sons. Boys love this watch. Clear sound when calling ! Worth the price, so I am pleased with it. Thanks!
Thin, easy to install and perfect for wrap around case too!
Nice for those working with two devices.
I have been using this while traveling and it's been pretty convenient. Good sound quality and sturdy. Easy to connect as well.
Works perfectly to add streaming Bluetooth audio for Waze and Pandora to the Universal Audio Interface of my 2009 Porsche Cayenne Turbo S with PCM 3.0. I plug it into the aux jack and the charging cord into the USB jack right next to it. When I get in the car, just power it on and it connects to my phone as an audio device. PCM 3.0 connects as a BT Phone profile only so with both this and PCM 3 I have both BT phone call and audio streaming capability.
Works great with my Pixel 2. It took a while for good USB-C headphones to hit the market but they're finally here. Recommend using both ear-buds for maximum noise-cancelling effect and to keep the mic in the right position.
Used for about six months now and only thing they need is a powerful enough amp!! Sound great!! Magnet is a bit big but nothing a little modification can't fix!
Nice head unit. Bought it used but it looks new, don't see any marks or wear on this device. Has a really nice screen, good sound and very customizable. Connects to my bluetooth phone every time, unlike another unit I bought and returned for that reason.
It's not cheap but it's worth it. Nicest metal band in my opinion. Perfect match to my series 4 44mm watch. It makes the watch look awesome. I can't rate in on durability since I've only had it for a few days. It was easy to remove links with the included tool. Even the packaging was nice.
Has been couple week already. The phone still good. Hope the quality keep until next year.
I purchased these headphones for my son as a Christmas gift, and he loves them. He had requested headphones that has strong base and that fit over his ears. He reports that the fit is very comfortable and that the base is exactly what he was looking for.
Great product, great price definitely worth every penny.
It fit exactly where I wanted to use it in my truck!!!! It got my phone in my line of sight to be able to use my navigation app!!!!
Well packaged and with a case to keep clean. No problem paring with my iPhone 8. Recommend!
I Love my phone case!!! I get SO MANY compliments on it!! I get asked all the time, “where did you get it?!!” People are surprised that I got it from Amazon and not from a Disney location.
Feels nice, good coverage, shows off the back of the phone well.
Perfect for my office!
It fit her watch, she says it looks and feels good.
No complaints. And I effing LOVE the orange. Anecdotally, 2 of my coworkers also love it.
Use it on the headrest of the ford F150 cab.I'm glad to put all these plastic bags in the shop.Just load it.So, when you're driving, it helps stuff spill out of the bag.Also, provide handles for plastic trash bags for children when they travel, so the side door trash area is not soiled by trash.I had some plastic before, and they ended up breaking where they stuck to the headrest.I think heat only kills plastic over time.I prefer these coated metals.There was no notification of the beating.When you drive, they stay put.
This is the second time we order this product. All our family uses it and it is durable, easy to use, adheres very well, no bubbles! I would recommend this product to anyone!
Fits perfectly, covered phones vital areas while leaving the back clear to show off that sweet new color and is slim enough to not change the dimensions.
I really like this case! I actually bought two! Very nice & durable feels like it will protect my phone! Also comes with a screen protector so pretty cool!
It's exactly as described.
Case arrived on time and fits perfectly. The look is excellent!
Arrived quickly and very great quality, the girls love it. Really awesome case.
brilliant device. High quality product. love when something arrives and youre surprised
I ordered this for my mom so she wouldn't have to carry wallet. She loves it!
These earphones are wonderful. If you are anything like me, you have a pair of earphones everywhere you go! These are in my office desk. They are very comfortable to wear and the sound quality is great.
Equivalent to the old style they had.
Durable and works great!
Fits perfectly, really nice looking.
Really nice durable case. The actual ring is hard to move at first, but after a few times it wasn't difficult. I love the magnet feature. It pairs great with the magnetic dock I have for the car vent!
I use mine in conjunction with a quad lock to hold my phone. It's a very simple mount. Simple to install and use. I love it and there are infinite ways to utilize.
Super nice radio support could be better but if you play and read a bit you can figure it out be sure to disconnect your battery before trying to install first guys
No complaints works perfect in my car.
Feels great design fits the phone good
Perfect for my 10 year old son and it comes with a screen protector and the case. It also comes with a holster and he loves it. Great for the price.
I bought two of these and use them for travel and hunting in the fall. I also purchased 8 for work purposes. Very sturdy units that have clear communication with others. The range is about a mile for the mountain terrain that I hunt in. The battery life is terrific! I know you should have a license but I'm back in the boonies where FCC isn't lol. Enjoy
The case fits the LG V20 perfectly, the graphics were beautiful and the case is sturdy.
I'm really, really impressed-- this is a quality case and the price can't be beat! The case is sleek, so you don't have to deal with the case making your phone bulky. I also love that the back is transparent. This case does not detract from your phone, but rather enhances it by making it easier to grip and providing protection. This purchase is a no brainer.
This is my favorite phone case. Feels good, it's solid, has a nice kick stand if you're eating breakfast and reading or watching something.
I like the product and love the company. My order came on time and I feel like the company cares about its customers !
Grandsons love them!
I have only owned this product for about 5 minutes but I can tell you it deserves 5 stars or more. The material is really nice and the phone fit in it right away without any parts or pieces. Should the need arise I will definitely buy more from the seller.
Perfect for the iPhone with the otter case which seems to be too heavy for other mounts!
Worked great for our road trip. Traffic alerts worked. The fact that it was refurbished really saved quite a bit of money.
This case is super lightweight, has great texture so it doesn't slide out of your hands and fits perfectly. The only downside was that one of the edges was bent, which I'm assuming came from shipping. I was able to mold it back into shape. Will definitely buy again. 10/10
Fast shipping, works great
Worked and fit great
The first one arrived cracked but they were very quick to send me another one. It's not the easiest repair to DIY in general but if you are patient and watch the YouTube videos - this is an excellent screen replacement - mine sat in a drawer for 6 months and now works like new.
Great gear to have for sports activity
Like it plug many things in it and seems charge faster
I use these to practice on my drums and they work great!
Works great and holding up well.
I got them for my daughter and she really likes them. She says the sound is good and they seem to be a really good quality product. They seem to keep good battery even being used ALOT by a 13yr old girl :).
Love this! Not only can I travel all day without having to find a way to charge my phone, but it actually makes it a lot easier to handle the phone given the weight and shape. The case also does a great job protecting the phone- I've dropped it at least 5 times since using this case and it's been fine every time! Would definitely recommend.
Lasts a little over a year with harsh environment;
Very nice hdmi cable. Very clear and easy to use. Really enjoyed the big screen when playing games.
Color is true and letters are clean
Always wanted one and now that I have one I'll never go back. So cool how it works. Love it! Very nice design and works great. Thanks.
It's not my first tripod and I'm very proud that I bought it. Compare to my previous experience with tripods: 1. High quality 2. Good price 3. Very light 4. Easy to use with smartphone and camera 5. Has a level for smooth installation 6. Has a remote control and connected with smartphone by Bluetooth 7. Has a fabric case I will recommend it for travelers!
i bought this for my 12 yr old niece and she loved it.... so far still looks good.
First selves I purchase. So far there are no issues. Consistent manufacturing. Wish they were a tad thicker, but they are thin enough to double up if you want more protection.
I bought it for my brother but I took two of them, it cannot cut easily and it charge the phone V. fast.
Very nice product. Fits the phone well?
These work great. Took them to Scotland and kept my phone charged. Also great for evenings out when I forgot to charge. And love the art covering.
Feels very sturdy Pros: feels very sturdy. Good lighting. Good space in between each button. Presses really firmly and precisely. It definitely feels good when you play games. Cons: lack of colors Overall: for gaming, i thought it was really good. It felt good pressing down. I like the space from the top of the key to the bottom of the board. Good air that helps with flow. Great material.
Perfect and exactly what I had been looking for. The Bluetooth for phone calls is perfect. No one ever complained about not hearing me clearly. I highly recommend
Even nicer in person! It is hard to tell from the picture but although the blue heart sequins are dominant there are more tiny pink than seen in the pic and the combination is so pretty.
Great replacement product !!!
This is a wonderful product. No issues and love the glass protector.It cover the whole screen. and not easy to broken even it knocked by the hard border,cause its edge is fiber plastic.
Used it as Christmas gifts and they loved them.
Very nice and not too bulky. Quite sturdy
Battery life is excellent, the band on the vivofit 2 is MUCH better than the band on the vivofit 3. The vivofit 2 is simple and to the point. If you don't want to bother with recharging, then this should be your choice.
The quality of the product is amazing. The charging speed is fast. The pack contains 5 charging lines so one pack lasts long. I really like it.
Item arrived before given date and was exactly as described and fit s10 plus very well, would buy again.I also tested it overnight in a bowl of water with a piece of tissue inside the case to detect leaks, and it's worked perfectly.
I love that this works so fast and I can't sit on the couch and hold it while its charging. If it was rigid it would be gone by now cuz I walk kn it all the time. Love this!
Ordered these before. Work great. Fast delivery
This is the best looking watch protection on the market. I have purchased different brands that take away the sleek look of the original design.
A+++,thank you.Will buy again.
This is a great selfie stick if you are wanting a selfie stick to work with your Go Pro. (As advertised, it will not work with your cell phone unless you have a separate attachment). The stick is very durable and has a locking device to keep the rod steady as you extend it.
Great case! Fits iPhone X perfect and has a nice grip/feel in your hand. Also, feels like it would absorb some impact and protect the phone bit I don't plan on testing that theory if I can help it. Lastly, it looks nice and sleek like the phone. Great customer service.
This is one of the best inventions ever created. I've got multiple devices which use USB chargers and this allows me to charge everything at once in the same location. The Quick charge feature has been very handy when I am running low on battery power and need to charge up fast.
My son took it from me that's how much we loved this phone/charger holder.
Nice Quality case! We recommend it!!
Good case for the price
The Crave phone case is great. It protects my phone and looks stylish at the same time. It is lightweight and has a quality feel to it.
Fit perfectly! Got it with Amazon prime and it arrived on time. It works great and does not affect any functionality on the phone.
I love this protectors it come with the little cloth to clean the phone before applying the screen protector and it came with an outline help on how to easy put it on my phone, it practically put itself on. And what's so great that for a good price it came with .
I absolutely love being able to grab my phone and go, knowing that I have my driver's licence & debit card with me if I need them!! (This was so handy when I had to drive my husband everywhere he needed to go after his surgery.) I wish it held a few more cards though. When I try to take more...it bulges the pocket.
It looked exactly like my original cable that came with my iPad. It works great.
I love this band, it's lightweight and propels sweat.
This mount works great. With lots of flexibility in mounting style and placement and a small footprint, as well as just the right amount of 'grip' from the magnets making for a secure mount with relatively easy removal when you're done. The only problem is that the installation instructions are not very clear. This has little effect though, since it is really a very simple system, involving: clean the surface, and peel and stick the mount.
Great product, nicely packaged, quality all around.
folds up for good storage
As described. Fits like a glove and protects extremely well.
I got these sport earbuds to use while walking. These are lightweight and very comfortable sport headphones. They fit behind your ear to prevent dropping. They are Bluetooth so I can connect it to my phone to play all my favorite music. The sound is very clear and high quality. Battery life is great...I can use several times before it needs charging. They are amaxing earbuds and I highly recommend them.
Charges my phone super fast. I do wish it had a coil cord instead.
I wanted a compromise that protected the edge of the phone while showing off as much of the exterior glass as possible. The metal bumper fits tightly and would seem to protect the edges from most accidental drops. It keeps all parts of phone from making contact with flat surfaces and looks great too. There is no metal and only rubber around the area where the charger connects. This is a weak point where I anticipate the bumper breaking over time.
This case has held up better than expected, and looked great with clean lines and a shiney look. No visable fingerprints surprised me.You obviously have to press down harder to scan than you do without the case but once you get used to it then it's no biggie. It's also very easy to use the touch screen which I was also worried about because it's more of a plastic encasing than being adhered to the phone. I will update this review when I do.
Fits the Bose SoundLink perfectly. Protects it nicely - has room for charger. Works perfectly for its intended purpose.
Light weight, easy to place on your car for mounting your phone. Great for young adults
My dash is flat-ish and I didn't want a big-arm kind of unit to hold my phone. This is discreet and sticks right on my almost-flat dash. Does the trick nicely!
I have an lg stylo 3 and it fits perfect! It's super fun and everything aligns with my phone.
I did have an issue with one of the corners coming unglued a little, but the seller responded very quick and sent me a replacement. It's been great so far, and I've enjoyed not carrying my wallet since. The only nitpick is that 3 cards fit a little tight, but it's minor as the pull-tab can get all the cards out.
Love the phone. A phone case is highly suggested because it is a very slim phone. But I love the quality
Great foldable Bluetooth headset! Nice sound quality and good bass. Love the folding feature and the nice carrying case. They are rechargeable which means no batteries to change or buy. I definitely would recommend them as a gift or even to treat yourself.
I think it is imperative to protect your cell phone! This item does the job while looking nice and not too bulky!This iphone xs max waterproof case protected my iphone for a very long time. Only negative is it made it a little hard to hear due to super tighten sealed cover.
This item is exactly what we needed and ordered. It works and is compatible with our i phones.
liked battery alot good charge multiple times
I used it right away when I received it. It is fast charging. I try all 3 charging cables goodness they all good and charging fast. very well
Fits two mods and some other things like a charger inside. Pretty decent.
Great product, great price, great transaction!
Sleek like ikon case with nice grip!
It feels noticeably heavier than the Apple brand cable. I love how low profile these are! Arrive on time. The packing is fine. It's worth so much money. A cable that was long enough and sturdy enough to hold up to using it on my Apple devices. The braided cable looks sturdy and so far, it has worked well. The length is very good. The speed is very fast. Family all like it. Super value products Will buy next time .
Very easy install. Product works great the hardest part is hiding and tucking all the wire. Very good price and quality compared to more expensive units I installed commercially.
Great bands! Comfortable, great colors and sturdy. Easy to take off and put on. Great purchase.
Exactly what I was looking for! Just what I needed for a little quiet time and the noise canceling did just the trick.
This is a great way to listen to your music while charging your iPhone. Compact design doesn't interfere with your ability to use your phone at all
I dont necessarily find this cheap but it has been doing its job. I noticed that the side buttons do not work and I need to apply some extra pressure to them. Also the sound button is kind of hard to reach. Very minor issues, otherwise great protector and nice looking cover.
the price is fair , good stereo i like alpine brand
They don't add leverage to the port on the I Pad, grand kids use it and it has already had the socket knocked loose. Now if we would have only had these cords before the damage to the I Pad. It would've been never damaged.
Keeps my nightstand more organized and I'm no longer hunting for my cords!
These are exactly what I was hoping for, if a little pricey. Help me take conference calls and not keep me tied to a desk, without me hearing any background noise or the people I'm speaking with hearing much that's going on around me. Only exception is if it's close or loud and not much can be done there.
Fast shipping, easy to install, good quality item. Highly recommended.
I use it to charge my phone while sleeping. There awesome. Super thin. Rim lights up while charging and shuts off when fully charged.
Good quality and the reception is amazing! I'm very pleased with this antenna. Highly recommended!!
1st, IDK what case these one star reviews are using, but I can summarize their reviews; rushed/lazy. Now for my review, very premium feeling case, side buttons are a great balance between easy and hard to press, but most importantly the manufacturing tolerances are near perfect! It fix my axon 7 like a glove! (assuming you have gloves custom made to your hands). And the screen protector is somehow flush against the screen, have had 0 issues with touch.
Awesome product as advertised on Amazon. Recommend seller. A+++++++ seller.
I have been using this case for about 3 months now. Its been dropped probably about 10 times and so far so good. The case stays on and the screen has yet to crack. I dont really use the kick stand on the back of it but I can tell its built great.
Definitely worth of money! Twice cheaper than AirPods,same sound quality,better battery life and alright noise cancellation feature! Definitely recommended
Case looks great! Love the color. Ordered a pop socket so really don't care about the stand but like that I have an additional option for propping up my phone. I always love Spigen cases.
It looks even better in real life. I have seen similar cases in the Apple store, but they are all 35-40 dollars! Really happy. I bought it, it is cheap and the quality is very good.
Works great so far!!! I've only had it for a day but it gets the job done!!! There are many wireless chargers out there but none come combined with the Apple Watch dock. It charges at a decent speed if used with a 12w charger (iPad charger or equivalent). Its also case friendly, for reference Im using the Apple Silicone case. Looks great in my nightstand!!!
I drop my phone a lot! As simple as this case is, it does the job and it's not bulky like many others. Also, I love the pattern.
Worked like a charm. Loved that there was a light ring so you knew it was getting . This is convenient since so many hotels in Europe have a main switch in the room that controls the outlets. It gives you a sense of comfort knowing that the outlet is ed. Charged all of our electronics!
Great service and great unit
Breathable and comfortable, great quality for the price!
Very nice design and bright color. Genuine Leather and fits perfectly to my 44 MM watch. The print on the band gives additional style.
Great protection for watch. Worth every penny.
Easy to put and durable! Very protective of the phone edges, and light. I'd but another one if needed to
It's a watch and it's a phone,too.I bought it for my son.Teacher cant permit her student take a cellphone in classroom,because kids often can't control themselves well.but this is a good one for kids .they can't play game in class.and we can contact our kids conveniently
I still use this every week. I thought I'd wear it out but it's very durable and easy to use and clean. Plus at least 5 of my friends bought this after watching and tasting!
Not the most attractive, but doesn't slide around
Durable chord and quick charge
Great way to upgrade your vehicles sound system inexpensively! This little FM transmitter has lots of features from USB charger ports so you can charge your phone on the go to an SD card slot for your favorite music. It also comes with a AUX cable so that you can connect devices that don't support Bluetooth to you vehicles sound system.
So far I love it .it is exactly what I wanted ... I needed my ports covered and this case is what I needed
Best phone for a great price. Works just as well as the top brands, sometimes better. I already have purchased 4 of them.
This is my second set of Tao Trinidad headphones. I'm somewhat addicted to audiobooks so listen quite a bit and wanted more listening time between charging. This way I can listen with one set while other set is charging. I love the fact they will run 8 hrs on a single charge. Perfect for someone on the go constantly!
Excellent, light durable and it really protects my iPhone X very well! I am very satisfied. However, I do find it hard to take out and if water goes into the holes for the front camera and face scanner, you will need to try hard to open up the cover or else there will be water stains around the holes.
Light weight, durable, fits nicely even with tampered glass on. Wish the kick stand had more hight
I got this as a replacement for my previous crate pad, my puppy tends to dig and shred his bedding if it's too puffy/soft- this is padded enough that his crate is comfortable, but doesn't entice him to dig. Highly recommend. Good for light or dark shedding dogs, one side is tan and the other darker grey.
This fan is amazing! Small but powerful. I got it because I'm pregnant with my 3rd baby and getting hot flashes like crazy with this one. It's small enough to carry in a little pouch in my purse and pull out and attach to my phone when needed. It's quite and moves a lot of air!
I thought the instructions were a bit difficult..... but it takes a good telephoto....
The Google Pixel phones are the best devices and work seamlessly with all the Google apps. Very easy setup. Best phones I've ever owned or used.
I was very pleased with this purchase. Mr Shield delivered the glass screen protector in two days. The Shield fit my phone perfectly. The on Line instructional video was easy to follow.
Finally a case I like for my phone! It isn't bulky and provides the protection my phone needs
This belt is awesome! I thought the logo was a bit small when it arrived but after wearing it I love the size!
pretty good product, it fully satisfies my demand. since it contains AA and AAA battery, by the way, I really like the plastic box, am no longer afraid of losing batteries.
Wifi connects well, picture quality is great.
i swatched the same day they delivered to make sure they werent cheapy and THEY ARE BEAUTIFUL! every single one worked fantastically. the glitters didnt skip which surprised me. id definitey purchase!
Awesome case!! it got here before the tracker said it would (as always w/ amazon prime!!) and very very very high quality case. way better than an otterbox (honestly, I've owned a few of them before) that is 3 times the price. i had an lg g3 for a long time with the white and grey Unicorn Beetle case, and it lasted me until the phone's software started getting slow and funky, and it saved the phone from certain death literally numerous times lol. Finally went and bought a new lg g6, and went with the black color this time. Unicorn Beetle cases are AMAZING, I seriously don't understand why anyone would buy a different case. i bought one for my last phone, bought one for my current phone, and will definitely buy one for my next phone!!! 5/5 stars, seriously!
Product did what it was advertised to do. Great customer service!
So far.. so good. Nice quality video. I got what I paid for.
This is my first time writing a review for this company, let me tell you, Very impressed with the package presentation looks awesome and as far as the screen protectors for my iPhone 8 Plus, they look and feel very Durable!! Highly recommended product for any future iPhone owner.
Works as it said it would. No leaking and usable in pouch!
Perfect for my Uber. Exactly what is needed.
My son loved it! Exactly as pictured.
Battery lasts forever. Don't think about it just buy it
Love it! Design is as shown, cute!
Great case but the kickstand does not hold up to a three years old. None the less ita great with out a kid playing with it.
Loved my case, came in quick and looks very nice
Needed this for a Raspberry Pi 3 B+. Power hungry. Works as described, no longer getting "under voltage" issues.
Super easy to put together, and it fits great!
Very nice charger!!! Charges really fast
I love this fast wireless charger In fact I love it so much I bought 2 more (for me, my wife, and for work). I really like the fact I can charge landscape or portrait. I can even still use the phone while it's charging. 5 stars isn't enough to express my satisfaction.
Nice case. The screen protector isn't quiet big enough for my screen though
Very impressed by the quality of this grinder. Magnetic closure makes things much easier in not having to line up the threads. Would highly recommend.
Great heavy duty for the price
Product is working well and in perfect condition. Packaged nicely. Also came with a charger
Very good quality..highly recommended!!
I really like the look of this band with my Apple Watch! The material seems durable and is comfortable. I have only had it for a week, so I cannot speak towards the longevity of the band, but so far so good. I think I have an average sized wrist (female). This band would probably be too big for anyone with a small wrist (in my opinion). Overall, I'm happy with the band!
I get stopped all the time from strangers asking where I got this. It's a cute wristlet and holds enough credit cards to make this an everyday wearable phone case.
These are great chargers for the price. Haven't had anything go wrong with them.
Works well for my friend who needs to have a flip phone and it's hard to find cases that fit
Bought it refurbished (looks like new) at a good price. Lifetime map updates included. Fairly small screen. All I needed at a great price. Nothing missing, nothing damaged, battery seems to hold a charge. Includes a mounting for the windshield
Purchased for travel needs and have not had a chance to use yet other than to test out in my home for tablet and cell phone charging. Works find at home so will see what happens later when using in another country.Fantastic adapter!!! I loved the usb ports and the variety of different plug-ins for different countries. Great buy for traveling or even home as it can fit ports and a plug in all at once.
The Bluetooth headset is pink, I like it very much, and the sound quality is good. I also recommend it to my friends because he loves sports and it is very convenient for him.
We purchased this case for my 16 year old son. He loves it!
Excellent product, price and delivery!
Who would of ever thought of a cell phone solar charger!? This is so awesome and convenient for sure!! I was always forgetting my cords and always needed my phone charged at the most inconvenient times but this has made a big difference and mostly at the lease in the woods camping, I can stay charged now!! I would definitely recommend this, it's a must !
Easy to set up. I used the website. Bought phone and 120 min
Happy with this item. Working as expected with all my devices. Will recommend for all my friends who is traveling a lot.
Took me awhile to find these These are the best ones out there because their curved there plastic very use it to install and they will last a long long time
Charges well. Great value, it works as well as other top name brand Chargers we've purchased.
I was waiting to write a review to see how the case held up over time. I've had it for over a month and the case is as good as new. I highly recommend checking it out.
Great cover on my iPhone 5. Excellent quality and Great price as well. Oh and the 2 tone pinks are so cool
Excellent product, worth the price, fingerprint recognition is great, Display is good.
I got it the day before yesterday. I used to have a VR goggles that broke in the recent past, so I re-purchased this one. The VR glasses are no different, and I like the smaller phone that fits my size, and the 4.7 "screen fits in. In addition, the included joystick seems fairly flexible when I play a game.
Was bought as a replacement charge cord. This worked well and served it's purpose.
I love this product. It makes charging my Apple Watch simple and convenient. It is well balanced and does not tip easily even when knocked. It takes up very little space and just looks nice sitting on my night stand. A great idea for a gift for Apple Watch owners. I height recommend it.
This case is so pretty! Love it!
Screen cracked. The paper in the packaging says what I think means free replacement glass? If so, can I please please be sent a replacement glass? The cutouts help a lot in putting the protector on properly to get a perfect fit with the case.
I bought this power bank for my son, when he is goning out with his friends, they always play the game until phone die, since he has it I can find my son now, no worries, this solar power bank helps a lot,
I do not notice any blur at the edges like others complained of but I do wish they had a better screen. I know they are the best on the Market but I still with the screen was higher res. if your new to FPV buy good goggles everything else you could go with cheap products for but if you cant see you cant fly. Food for thought.. I bought 2 cheap pairs and both were not even worth using.
We bought one, CD slot phone holder. I really like it, we bought the second one. They are perfect for Buick in 2005 and the Blazers in 2005. CD slot phone holder. The phone holder makes it easy to adjust the size of your phone. It does not interfere with the use of CD or stereo. In terms of long-term use, it remains to be seen. I am very satisfied with the convenience that this brings us, and the price is great.
Lifetime warranty through their website if you put in the product number. I used this case for a year and it was still in good shape. It fit 5 cards and cash in it's inner pocket. I will definitely buy one for my latest phone.
looks great. Super Quality. Recommended.Perfect fit for my Iphone
The Encased iPhone XR is fantastic. It came in my favorite color, Purple! It offers great protection from dust, dirt, water, and breakage from dropping the device. It fits like a cloth and was very easy to put on the phone. I also ordered glass screen protectors and this case works great with them. I am very pleased with this case and the price was a HUGE discount from the similiar case for $100 at the Verizon store. This was a great purchase!
I bought this because I was done paying for cable when I was never home to even watch it. The installation was super easy, hooked right up with issues, I was surprised at the quality of the picture as it came in crystal clear. I wish I would've bought sooner it probably would have saved me a ton of $$. If your tired of paying for cable and just want your basic news channels and local channels, the seller was very easy to work with, shipping was very fast.
It looks great and is a perfect fit for the phone
perfect for the price i recommend
Got the iPhone 6 case for my husbands phone. Very nice case! Sturdy and came in a gorgeous blue color that he really likes. Easy to use, phone fit right in. Came with an extra screen protector as well. Phone has been dropped a couple of times with this case and it provided protection to prevent damage to the phone. Case does not scratch easily either.
I love it, I didnt want to spend 1.5 k on a ring and this is perfect
Nice step up from my 8+ folio - looks great, feels great, I am totally happy!
I absolutely love this Crossbody Cell phone bag!! I do need t like to carry my big purse when I am out running errands or shopping. This Crossbody Cell Phone Bag is the perfect size it is small enough that it doesn't get in the way but large enough to hold everything I need to carry with me including my cell phone. This quality is great a very soft leather. It is very spacious for a small bag. It is divided into 3 large pockets that can expand a bit making even more room and they all zip shut. It has a coin pocket is on the back. I was able to fit my phone, money and cards, keys, sunglasses and other things like chapstick and a small bottle of lotion with room to spare. This bag is perfect for someone on the go, I glad I purchased it!
No bubbles; however, I bought two: one for the phone and one for the phone It is easy to install and does not have bubbles left on my screen Protection is good Easy to put on the phone (10-15 seconds, no bubbles), scratch-resistant, very good price Great product price The clear screen feels like it will definitely protect my mobile phone
Great wallet case. It is well made. I like the fact that the case comes apart. The magnet is strong enough. Very good protection for my phone and credit cards. Highly recommend.
My iPhone looks more stylish after put on.
Works really well out where I live. Increased my cellphone signal to 3-4 bars with 4g network. Thank you for this great product.
its great fit like a glob and comfortable to wear , made of Leather very professional looking .
Nice stand. Like the fact it works with my Spigen Rugged Armor case
Protects the phone but still keeps it minimal.
Exactly as described. Very pleased with this purchase!
You know what a power bank should do, and this one does it very well. Very simple, but very useful. It is a lot of extra energy for your devices. I've been using it for a couple of days, and it lasts so much! I don't have to charge it every day. It storages a lot of energy. I love the fact that I'm able to charge two devices at the same time. This feature works fantastic.
WORKS LIKE DESCRIBED, JUST NEVER USED IT TO ANY REAL LENGTH. MAYBE JUST A TIME OR TWO SINCE PURCHASING IN AUGUST
I have installed these on the Zebra telescopic stylus pen to replace the rubber stylus tips and they are a perfect fit on the four pens I have retrofitted. The closed pen is 4" overall length, a handy stylus length for many uses. Extends to about 5.2" if you want a longer stylus. Work perfectly with my Kindle ebook readers with touch screens. The pen and stylus combo allows taking notes without having to grab a different implement.
Love this case! For the money, it's a definite bargain. Fits my samsung 8 plus perfect! I bought the blue butterfly card, and the color is just as advertised. My drivers license fits perfect in the holder and there is room for cash. Still takes pictures great, everything where it's supposed to be. I'd buy again!
Nice to know my phone can go with me while jogging in the mountains.
The Nano case is awesome! Very slender, durable and light weight. It enables me to use it when exercising and working at my desk. It beats having an arm band or having to use your phone. Definitely would recommend.
Love it! Works as I expect from Spigen
A bit expensive for a coffee mug but if you've got a friends fan in your life it's a good gift. Smaller than the mugs they drink out of on the show but the ones the cast drinks out of on the show are generic coffee mugs without logos so it's fine.
Awesome solution for an older battery. Buy a second battery and always have a full battery ready to go. I've never had a dead phone since buying this handy little gadget. Small, takes up no space, fits all my existing Samsung chargers.
Love it! for its price.. so worth it!
My daughter loves it and durable
Like this product. Didn't realize when ordering I would get three inside of box. Only bad thing is that it did show a few small bubbles after I applied it and continued to press and rub on them but they didn't disappear 100%
Love it. Very sturdy. This has protected my phone over and over again when my phone was dropped. It can keep my debit ans credit cards. No need for a purse.
Very Stable not fall ，very easy to install
My previous headphones had gotten a short in the wire, so I decided it was time to get some new headphones. Normally I don't spend as much as these headphones were, and I found these headphones are in a great reviewer rate and reasonable price. So I bought a pair and I was blown away by how great they sound and how comfortable they are. Definitely happy with this purchase.
Fits nice no problems
Works great. The stick is sturdy and easy to use. I don't have to hold it I can just leave it on the quad pod and video chat or take family pictures.
Perfect fit for Note 9. The horizontal feature makes using my phone as a GPS much easier to use and holds the phone in place.
Just amazing, tight fit and the quality of the wire is nice and durable. Plus it's a two pack so worked great for us since we have two phones and both needed the extra length. Both our phones are OnePlus 6 . Totally happy with this purchase.
I bought two sim cards to travel to UK and Spain. Works with our unlock phones perfectly.
Very good quality, I love it.
Love this phone cover, easy to fit and perfect fit, colours and design are very pretty, delivery not too slow considering it was sent from China, would purchase again!
Good charging bank. Take it camping to recharge everything, and I can usually get it recharged in the sun during the day and then charge everything at night. Has quite a bit of capacity. Dual charging plugs, so you can charge 2 devices at once.
Perfect value for using for wifi only....thanks!
Great case. Fits nice. Snug. Shows off the slim sexy S10e with its clear back. Does not get yellow or scratched easily.
I run trails that are shared with hikers, bikers, and sometimes horses. It's important to be able yo hear my surroundings. I listen to audio books or podcasts, mainly, and the sound quality is excellent. Music is good too--but not comparable to in ear or over ear headphones. Fine with me--I want to hear my surroundings and music quality comes in second. That said, it's still pretty darn good! Huge improvements over the last gen (which I own too). So comfortable. I don't use the microphone or take calls, so can't speak to those features. Great for use when racing too!
Better than expected. Great value. Easy written and video instructions.
Very high quality item. Great packaging and instructions. Pin press tool included to remove and install links to adjust the band. Highly recommended.
Just what I needed extra battery life
I bought this for my friend's child, she likes it very much. It comes with a very easy to use charging cable that can be called, it has an SOS button that can be called and it can be photographed. It even has a math game that can be learned while she is relaxing. The size is perfect for her wrist, she likes its color and design.
I have to say I'm really impressed by this product. First, it comes with all the tools you need to ensure a smooth and clean installation. After applying it on my phone, it works perfectly as advertised. When look directly at the screen from the user perspective, screen is clear just like any regular screen protector. When the angle shifts to about 45 degree, the screen starts to dim and you have to try really hard to see what's on the screen. When it's beyond 45 degree, you see nothing on the screen! However, be advised that by applying this screen protector, you will sacrifice some screen brightness for the privacy.
I owned one of the first generation Smiphee battery charges, and while I was happy with the fact that it extended the charge on my phone's battery, there were a few issues (top snapping lid, non-dual charging). I'm happy to find the new version has updated features which correct these issues. The new lid appears to have a better connection along with a magnet to keep the lid secure (very cool). When plugged in, the phone and case both charge at the same time. Lastly, the charging duration and battery life on the phone is amazing. I charge once every other day and haven't seen the phone go below 50% battery life which is great since I use the phone so much fo business use. The phone with case is heavier but I don't think that's a reason to take a star rating away, as that comes with the territory of wanting longer battery life.
This device is wonderful. Such a great way to keep cords cleaned up and also a good way to keep track of who is playing what (with 3 children I can quickly see if someone is playing games without permission!) So far... so great!!!
Works perfectly. Arrived quickly
I can assure you, I have had trouble sleeping my entire life. It's off again, on again with back problems aggravating the situation. But I can say that I have never slept better or more comfortably than on this mattress. That is saying a lot since one of my last mattresses cost several hundred dollars and was total garbage. I HIGHLY recommend this for the money.
Case worked great untill I broke it!
Best buy for the money.everything work as it should.got the radio on time.
I really like it, magnetic closer works great, all my cards fit in it nicely. Well made all around would highly recommend.
Love this brand very durable
Fast shipping and excellent product.
A nice iPhone splitter, Simple design and easy to use. It was well packaged. Now I can charger and listen music at the same time, A good product worth to have.
They should have L or R impressed.
Bought for my son's iPhone 6s, as other charger cables are not compatible. This one works perfectly. Great product.
Perfect for bathroom to hold items. No chargers included
Finally purchased a new Fitbit Versa and wanted to make sure the screen didn't get scratched. I've only used the silver protector so far but I've already gotten lots of compliments on how nice it looks. Easy to put on. Loving these protectors so far.
Fast charges devices magnet is strong and it fits nicely on your key ring.
Super easy to activate online. Over the phone customer service took forever to pick up! Got the number activated and working in about 5 minutes online way before getting any help over the phone.
The case is great and elegant for my phone. The case is transparent to see the original color of phone. I like the feeling! It makes my phone is surrounded and secured by rubber as good protector. The case is very light and fit to my phone. When you hold it, it doesn't feel bulky. The case is also good and easy for installing or removing. The transparent back panel is not only for colors but also for good protection on scratching, dents or dirty on phone. Overall, the case is a simple design but good quality and well protection for my phone. I like this case much!
protection is always advised for all cell phones ..I love the kickstand with definitely buy again
Seems to be a well made cable. It's a bit stiff and holds the shape you bend it into.
Good power pack! It charges two devices at the same time as it is being charged itself. It also has an LED light that acts as a torch. The power capacity is most impressive.
The case is really pretty. It is worth the price.
Fits perfectly easy to install looks great
It was for daughter's IPhone SR. It's a great buy for the product. Very happy with it. Thank you.
Good quality. seems very durable
I love these screen protectors! I'm not always easy on phones and tend to drop them a lot but the screen protectors will crack before my phone does. I've dropped my phone several times since putting one of these on and not a single crack or chip! I love that they come in a 3 pack and the plastic applicator is super useful to help line everything up!
Everything just fit right. Easy to put together. Thanks
Charger good enough to leave a review. Stop wasting time looking at other charges... I wasted time and money. This charger allows your Fitbit to snap into it, even with an aftermarket band. Hassle free. 5 stars.
Fits the phone perfect and looks great!
these were actually too small but we will keep them, who knows when we can use them.
I have been using this product for more than two months. I am very satisfied with it thus far. It fits perfectly on my new iphone 6. It's rigid and clear (finger print resistant) and very easy to install (took me less than 5 minutes). I would say this is the best screen protector I have ever had and highly recommend it.
It charges well and protect the phone well. Very nice item. Highly recommended.
Nice and fits and protects my sons phone!
Love this dash cam and customer service is the best.
Outcome was good as expected
Ordered this bracelet on the recommendation of an internet stranger, and I was not at all disappointed. I have large wrists, and this came with 2 extra links, and a link removal tool. Just put this on me AW S3, and it is exactly what I was looking for. Seems secure on the watch, and very stylish.
Fast shipping!!! Great product just a little more than I would have liked to pay.
I loved the fact that this comes with a template to line up the glass on the phone surface. With those curved edges it's really hard to get it right. This was the easiest and most straightforward application I have ever used.
So far works as advertised. Sold mount and phone magnet is strong.
When my wife got her new phone she bought a case that was just sort of flimsy rubbery, but it looked cute (I Guess) This one has proved to have better protection, seems to fit her phone better, and she really likes the kickstand feature
It was a perfect fit and now I can have a back up battery thanks
I love my new watch and it is exactly what I thought it was.
This is a great case; it's sturdy and very comfortable. Due to the low profile, this case fits inside the carry case I bought, where another case was just too big and bulky. This case makes the switch much more comfortable to hold for long playing sessions, fits in my case, and is good-looking to boot. What's not to like?
No complaints so far. More about convenience than anything else. Bought several to put around the house. I'll try to update if I notice any issues. Make sure you line up the pad with where the charging coils are in your phone (usually in the center). Both my wife and I have phones with wireless charging, so it'll get a lot of use.
I have a Stylo 5 case its pretty for the price but the buttons on the side wouldnt let u adapt to them before losing a call when it rings it gets stuck
I have not used the adhesive or suction part, so I cannot attest to those features. I am using the air vent attachment and I love it. Love the way I can simply push a button and the arms pop open. Love the little “foot” that is adjustable up and down. Love how it allows a space to connect a lightning cable so that charging and apple car play is no problem. Absolutely love this little device and wish I would have bought it a long time ago.
***UPDATE*** They read my review and sent me a brand new case that fit without even contacting me! Great customer service! Great case, doesn't quite fit the iPhone XS so I had to file down the camera cutout, looks fine now but they should have adjusted it before saying it fit
Absolutely Love the Band. I normally wear a 7.5 length bracelet and this has the perfect fit with room to play with.
My device drain the power fast. So I have to carry charger with me everyday. With this charger, I don't need to wait for one device to finish charging, then charge 2nd one. Or carry more chargers. More chargers in my bag often tangle with other things, make it hard to get things out, or make a mess, and it breaks easily. Now I only need to carry just one cord and solve my problem.
This is perfect for our situation. I have an iPhone 7 and of course I love to charge it while driving in the car. It's frustrating that I can't charge and use the auxiliary cable at the same time. This Bluetooth transmitter solves that problem. It's a bonus that I can install it in the back of the car and it still works, leaving the front dash looking neat and tidy.
Sometimes it makes my wrist itch but it was a good value
Nothing to dislike about this product very well constructed
This cable has lasted me six moths so far, which is longer than some previous cheap cables I've bought. Seems to be holding up well still so I would pry purchase this product again.
Great price and the product works as advertised. Very easy to focus and I could the screen very clearly. Would recommend
Paired this with the wall charger that came with my Samsung S10+, it fast charges from practically dead to full in under 2 hours. Well worth the money.
Easy to apply...Nice size...Good for my big hands. Screen has a little give but doable.
love this case. Looks nice and is durable.
The case is very slim and thin but in the same time looks and feels really reliable. It have precise cutouts and nice packaging. The protective glass is good enough, not too perfect glued on the edges but it do the job.
cute but not something that would save your phone if u dropped it
It has a very modern, glassy look to it which I love.It also is rubber and flexible, which I prefer over hard cases. Definitely a great case if you're going for something visually appealing.
I've had this a couple of months now and use it daily! Works great with my iphone7.
Good quality and fast shipping.
Honestly if you're looking for a high quality, easy to install screen protector and case ,you can stop looking, this was the easiest screen protector I've ever had to install and not to mention it's durable af. If you're reading this review I assume it's because you want to buy this so just go for it
Awesome headset,it does exactly what a good BT headset should do.If you are looking for a good headset buy this one it is a bargain.
Very nice and sturdy case. It does what it says it will. It is made of nice rugged material, and good quality zipper. I would buy again.
Lovely little compact power bank which looks and feels quality. Nice feature having a numeric value representing percentage remaining and LED light useful too.
Love this product skim and very sleek
Adorable! Will it hold up against falls? That's to be determined, but it works and it's cute.
That by far the easiest screen protector I have ever put on. Was perfect the first time. Not having to throw first one away to get second on right lol. Now I have 2 spare protectors. Thank you
This is the only product that I've found that holds my iPhone 10 with otter box. Great product.
MONSTER cable. Very good quality. Holds it's shape when bent.
Truly wireless earbuds. Love these so much. Had previously purchased the magnetic bluetooth earbuds from this seller, which I also love and use in the office. These are the company's newest earbuds, and I love using them when I work out - no cords at all, and they stay put! Great sound and the charge lasts a long time - definitely recommend! Finally, customer support from this seller is always available - and they don't harass you either - just a quick email to let you know they are happy to answer questions at any time! THANK YOU!
works great.It took no time to program
This case is very sturdy and I especially like the clear back so you can still see the beautiful color of my Note 10+
I am pretty impressed. This is very easy to install and convenient to use. Stick well in the car and also hold the phone very firmly. Can adjust and place it at different angels, which would not restrict your view. Well worth the price, highly recommended.
I really hate corded headphones, from the first time I encountered this headphone, I have been in love. This is my 4 purchase from different sellers. The first one was the best, this last one is shaping up to be comparable to my first purchase. I am really in love with these headphones I have told all my work at home team members to get them. Love them! Will update the durability after 3 months.
Wow. Unreal sound and bass for the price. I highly recommended.
Excellent charges very fast might buy another one soon!!
Nice! My third one... I love them. I replace when they get beat up.
This is a great product. Between my son and I, we both use it several times a week. It's very convenient to have and I highly recommend it.
Needed headphones to drown out talking of others sharing an office...worked like a charm!
I really like this band! It is light weight, easy to install, looks great, and isn't bulky. The only thing I don't like about it is that after you secure the watch on your wrist, the tail end of the band does not easily slide in and out of the loop that holds the tail end in place. The original band that came with the Apple Watch slides really easily. All in all, it is a great value! Wish there were more to choose from. I now have 2 different prints in this style.
My grandma loves it......
Good quality and shipped on time. Speedy receipt of product.
The tool used to take out the pins broke, so I haven't been able to put it on my watch yet.
Bought it for the wife and she really likes it. She says the fit is great and leather is supple.
Perfect for my RV TV
We take lot of group photos and I do a lot of live videos, this tripod is sturdy, it allows me hands free use with the remote. I'm able to get pictures at great angles. Very please with the quick shipping, price and quality of this tripod.
Awesome product and good price.
As expected from Anker. It works perfectly 👍.
Love the quality and material
Very convenient and handy for the car don't have to worry about cords everywhere or if its plugged in all the way just snap in right in place it even moves on its own to snap in place every one should own one. Charges super fast.
Installed easily and looks good. Can't really comment on durability yet as it's only been 3 weeks but so far so good.
Beautiful, perfect, great quality, super fashionable
This is brilliant! It's super small and convenient. Just pop your phone on top and it starts charging right away. I might have to order a few more of these!
Super pleased with this device. I was hesistant because the description says Rogue, but it works like a beaut on my 2018 Murano!
Second time purchasing. No issues. Kids just mess them up other wise they last.
Best screen protector I ever bought
This case is awesome. I got the 'Flavor of the Month' iPhone X case and it's amazing. It holds up to 4 cards very secure. I haven't had any problems with them falling out, even when I just have one card in the case. I was expecting the case to be bulky like previous 'wallet cases' I had but that is was not the case (pun intended). It feels only slightly thicker than a normal case. I've also dropped my phone on plenty of different surfaces and there were no cracks or scrapes! The only negative thing I would say about the case is about the grip. I expected the edges to be a bit tacky but they were not. Instead, they are a textured hard plastic but it is still very easy to hold. All-around, its great case; it's cute, very functional and durable.
I like the product my bf always holding his phone and check the map or listen to podcast while driving and sometimes just makes me feel dangerous so I got the holder for him. It works fine
This iPhone case absolutely kills the competition...far better than PEEL, Tozo and other thin cases.
Durable and withstand wear and tear
Great phone case! I wanted a clear one and this one is perfect! It is also a great deal since it comes with the screen protector.
Worked really well with my Galaxy phone. I've dropped the phone numerous times as the phone wasn't damaged at all.
Needed this so I can multi task while I work from home. Holds my phone up so people on speaker can hear me clearly and I don't have to continue holding the phone. Portable and easy to use.
this is actually the second one I bought since i loved the first one so much. So glad they had one that fit my new phone. Would recommend
Came exactly how it looks. It's so pretty! Serves it's purpose.
Very compact and low profile car phone holder. Going to buy three more for each of my family!
It fits the phone perfect not to tight where it might not fit but tight enough that its not gonna come off the phone.
got for my spouse and it works great....
My cousin ask me to buy it for him since I have amazon Prime. I got it on the second day, it ships super fast . last week, my cousin got his new iphone 11 and this case fits his phone perfectly, it is light and flexible. it has simple design which is good for business man, but it can prevent breaking the phone.
The iPhone charger is a pretty good as a spare for my workplace. It came with two charging cables , which are longer than the iPhone chargeing cable. I so far have no problem with it.
I got this as an early father's day gift for my dad and he loved it!
I like this phone case. The color is what I expected. My phone fits snugly in the case. I believe my phone has excellent protection.
This was beyond my expectation!!!
very handy! We love them so much, we bought another pair.
This is a must have if you have an older car that doesn't come with a back up camera. There are so many accidents from not being a bike to see a child behind the vehicle and this could help save a life. It was an easy installation for me.
Unlike the other phone holders, this one is very convenient because it doesn't need to spend time in losing the “arms” and clamping the phone manually. It is stable and the most important, it looks nice.
Very easy to use. I use I myself and for my 4 year old daughter. It works great!
has been working reliably for months and months. I would repurchase if I lost it.
Very nice quality case . Fits perfectly and easy to put on.
I really like so far the glass protector. The instructions on the web site are clear. All items included really assisted me with an easy and simple installation.
Have had this case a couple days. Love the design- simple, protective enough, while keeping the design and quality look of the original phone.This case is great for my Phone.It is a good mix of protection and not-too-bulky size, it is comfortable to hold, and most importantly the color of the phone shines through.Wireless charging works with this cover in place. The port holes and buttons are all perfectly aligned. As time went by I grew to like it more and more. Matter of fact, I like it better than I do this newer one and therefore, I use it for my weekend activity. Overall, highly recommend this brand and style.
The phone cover is great and till date I didn't see a single scratch or line on the case. In my personal opinion these case is one of my favorites love it
Love the fun color! Pleased with product
Amazing!! I don't do reviews but I had to rave about the screen, wasn't expecting much for the price but it looks so beautiful on my iPhone...literally like NOTHING is on there! The best and easiest to apply ever! Will only be using this brand from now on!
Great quality. Was expecting a brighter rose gold color. Was more copper colored.
Really like this. I get the protection of an Otterbox but with a slim profile. With my black IPhone 8 it creates a sort of smooth visual transition. Making it seem like the case is actually the back of the phone. Very nice.
This USB cables are great. It comes with different length that fits in my bedroom and my office. Those cables charges quickly than I expected. It usually takes about 30 mins to full power. I like those that it is great and convenient to be. Recommend to buy and try.
Looks great and very durable. I drop my phone at least once every other day.
Good choice in covers
A few tips- the cord you need to plug it into a USB is NOT INCLUDED. Buy one from Amazon when you place your order for this charger. The size and style is great- soft edges to slide into a purse. Charges fast. Pro tip- just plugging your phone into it doesn't start the charge. There is a little button on the side that turns it off/on. Overall a good buy
This is a nice selfie stick. It works well with my daughters phone. The phone stays on so no worries about falling off.
I like that it was easy to use. It is in my daughter's first vehicle. She was able to use it with no problems.
received in a timely manner and good price. my phone fully operational. I would buy again.
i bought these as a replacement alternative to the pair of ISOtunes Pro earbuds that had gone missing. So I bought a pack of 500 series Comply replacement foam buds, the isolation kind, and crossed my fingers that I would have a good pair of BT headphones that would block loud noise in my factory while I work. Man, could I not have made a better choice. These earbuds sound AMAZING, especially considering the cost. They are loud, clear, good range all the way through the sound spectrum and frankly, I'm shocked that a product this good is available for less than $30. And yes, coupled with the sound isolating earbud pads I purchased, the cacophony of noise in the factory I work in is reduced to a quiet lull, and I can enjoy the great sound of these bluetooth headphones. I hope for them to last long but for $27.99 I would have no problems buying another pair, as long as I got a few months out of each pair. They are worth it!
Pretty scratch resistance. Touch actually feels better. A bit hard to apply although it is the circular watchface nature, not because of the product.
This is just perfect! Good seller, fast delivery.
I recently bought an iPhone XS and two weeks later, this happens! If it was not for this screen protector, I would have severely damaged this phone and be out of pocket of $200.00 😩 I would definitely recommend this product and will be investing some more because this phone cost. Paying this price, as oppose to $200.00 replacement screen is a no brainer!
This is a great case not only does it protect my phone from my random dropping but is a. A back up battery to keep my phone charged through out the entire day
The color is beautiful! And it's so soft and feels secure - haven't dropped it yet but the lip makes me confident it'll hold up well!
Samsung charger is pretty cool, charge your phone quickly and your tablet! Happy customer here and happy with the product!!
I got this for my husband. He loves it. He likes the backup camera but also loves that you can record driving. That way if you are in an accident you have the proof you need verses our word and theirs. Now I need to get one for my vehicle.
Perfect to organize and charge all of the devices.
The case is great durable
I bought this for my daughter who is taking a road trip soon. I played with it for a couple of days and am very impressed with the picture quality. It also captures sound and I like that you can change the setting to record with motion.
I used to buy a similar case made by Elago that was always around $10-15. Slightly bulky, but protects your phone from drops. Seems like a solid case. Doesn't interfere with screen protector. Also, works with wireless chargers just fine. If I could take half a point away, it would be that the cutout at the back is not centered. Once you see it, you cannot unsee it! :)
Perfect, item arrived pretty fast... I felt like I just left the store purchasing this.. 5 stars
A great holder for my phone in the car.
Solid design! Looks like its going to be heavy or even bulky but its not. Must have if your doing upgrades to your truck
Feels good on the phone, not too bulky, good grip.
Great quality,comes with a glass screen protector as well.
Worked well for 2007 Honda fit
These speakers were installed in my car door panels, and they sound very nice ,clean, crisp, and accurate one of the best component sets I've ever owned.
I was sent the case for the Samsung S8 Plus despite no where in the description (And it being answered in the questions) did it mention S8 Plus. Hoping this can be replaced. UPDATE: Vofolen reached out to me and after investigating the issue they sent me the correct case in the same color. They did offer an immediate replacement of a different color but I wanted to hold out for the originally ordered color and they made it happened. Once I received the case it was better than expected. It can hold 3 standard cards AND a thicker RFID card. The audio port allows for a wider cased audio cord (standard plug, just a wider plastic casing). Mistakes happen and I appreciate the customer service and the follow through I received even as well as the product itself.
Very happy with this phone. It replaced another Kyocera phone, a very bare bones model. This phone works great, I love having the Qwerty keyboard on it (makes texting a little easier and faster) but was a little disappointed to find out that I can't transfer my own ringtones to it either through texting or by connecting it to my laptop. Still, very worth the money.
My husband's new phone required a type c cord, and this fit the bill. It is a great cord, and we have one for each vehicle, and one for the office.
Good protection for back and corners of phone
The package design is cool and very impressive. This protector is complete, it covers the whole screen of Samsung Note 8 including curved edges. It is an excellent
just what I wanted. very well made . fits the phone perfectly
Nicely made quality product. I have used several of these in different lengths over the years. They have all workrd well with no reservations.
Really nice case I like,is simple but covers my watch good enough.
I ordered this for my daughters phone, she's a big Totoro fan so it was a no brainer. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the case. Great purchase
Easy to put on. It does it's job. I'm glad it has a lifetime warranty.
I have bought at least 4 or 5 of these glass screen protectors from and I must say that the quality and cutouts are great and how can you beat the price That may take some getting use to (I can be a bit OCD) I put this protector on the phone, completely protected my screen Smooth, very clear, not affected by the wallet The cutout makes pictures less blurry and was exactly what I was looking for I typically pay about for ONE at the phone shops and have them install it just because I assumed it would be too difficult but it wasn't and I got three.
Love having the kickstand on the case. Plus like that it can easily be folded down so I can slide my phone in my pocket and go.
My husband loves the case
You can get better compact vacuums, but only at three-five times the price or more. For the price, this is a fantastic vacuum. Highly recommend it. Good follow-up in customer service also.
Is a good Apple Watch case... I recommend the object.
Glass is very smooth and resists fingerprints. Have used these protectors for a couple of years and they work great.
Love it, looks amazing on my watch! Fits perfect! Exactly as described and what I wanted.
Love the sub! It's incredibly amazing for how small it is. I installed it in my single cab truck and it fit nicely in the back seat and sound quality great
daughter loves this set
I don't have any other portable charger to compare to but love the size of it - a tad smaller than a deck of cards. It charges fast.?
Really like the way this product works. I ordered it multiple time.
Great product at a reasonable price
This case is so cute! Super protective & comes just how you see it!!
Very good case for a great price. The cover is sturdy and a good grip without being bulky. Looks exactly the same as the more expensive ones.
This is by far the best privacy screen protector that I've purchased for my new iPhone X. It doesn't distort the OLED screen like others that I've purchased and it does not make the screen look grainy either. It was super easy to apply and I love the way that it covers the entire screen without any gaps.
Love the price love the quality and the installation video was perfect.
This product is so easy and straight forward to use!
Great for cars always gives the best video recordings when driving
There are never enough chargers around when you need one. The charger works, it has two USB ports, and it's cheaper than the OEM version. I don't know about longevity, but it is hard plastic, so I'm expecting reasonable durability.
Compact lightweight, efficient design met my needs perfectly. I was slow to understand the simple concept, but I love the case.
As soon as I put the protector on it disappeared! Looks and feels amazing on the phone. Easy to apply too.
Fits perfectly and easy to install.
Loved it!!! It's exactly what I wanted!! Thank you!
I've had this case on my phone for about a month and it's spectacular. Keeps it very protected and it still looks brand new!
The packaging is very good, the texture is also very good, the size is just right, will come next time.
I bought this black one for my daughter, she loves it!
Update: I had a problem but Anker's support was great. They replaced the unit and now it works perfectly.
I love that these have a color stripe so that I can tell which ones are mine! Between kids at home and adults at work I have a hard time keeping a charger box and cord..... I like the small box style for travel and I can keep one in my purse, laptop bag and even my overnight bag so I'm not caught away from home without one.
This charger works great and is VERY fast when it charges my Samsung. I do not have to remove my phone case when charging it, which I have had to do in the past with other wireless chargers. HUGE plus for me! It is very little and light weight so it does not take up much room in the dresser and is easy to slip in an overnight bag without too much trouble.
Great screen protector, very easy to install and 3 for the price I paid is amazing.
easy to use and can charge your phone for multiple of times ... a bit heavy but it is worth it
I love this its like carring a professional carmera everywhere you go!
They fit and work good on older headphones !!
For those that know me personally, this won't sound that bad. I lose things. Like all of the time. Earbuds which I depend on for my workouts at work on a work phone and at home on a personal phone will likely disappear from time to time. These are excellent in that the case will help me keep then together. The included battery based case not only charges the buds and keeps them from getting lost, but can also pull duty as a backup battery for my phone. The attention to detail paid by the designer to also include charging level indication by the LED is a nice touch. They are a great value to me and I know they will be to you as well.
I'm super happy with my case! It's an authentic Kate Spade!! I WISH they were more desing for Samsung Galaxy
My original battery would not last a few hours before running out. Apple wanted a crazy amount to replace. This replacement battery worked perfectly! It arrived in a nice box with all the tools necessary to do the job. There are good written instructions in the box, but I just followed the installation video on YouTube. I followed the video step by step and the replacement was very easy. The tools provided are good quality. I would absolutely recommend this battery replacement. My iPhone 6 works great again!
I have all kinds of headphone. Overhead, Airpods, bluetooth with a string connected. These do not have great noise cancelation, but it is very comfortable. Sounds quality is above average, def better than iPhone headphones if that's a benchmark for medium. It has a very nice case that help you store it while charging. I am not sure about the waterproof part? The battery life seems to be decent like most bluetooth headset. Can last 4 hours at least listening to music with full charge. In conclusion, if you don't want to spend money on Airpods, these are great alternative!
Tiny little out of the way quick charger up side is both USB docks are fast charge not one lower & light is not near as irritating while driving at night
I love this case, it is clear so still shows the color of my phone.
I loved it S7 is still the best buy.
Good device, easy connection.
It works well with a plastic case it doesn't stick to all types of cases.
Great value for the price, easy to setup and can accommodate most electronic devices.
The battery is good, durable, large capacity, long standby time and simple installation. Buy it quickly. The quality of the battery is very good. After a few days of special use, the battery is still very durable, and the mobile phone has become much smoother. A very good product is worth affirming.
This headphone is convenient, small and waterproof. It fits very well for sports like biking, jogging, and hiking. I strongly recommend this item
This is exactly what I was looking for. Not bulky, simple, clean, and has a great grip. This one, looks fantastic and scratch proof. Will gladly re-purchase for my sister's new phone.
amazing buy i totally recommend it that's why i'm rating a 5 star super fast shipping if you choose 2 day shipping great job
Worked well on our trip to Italy, hope to use it in other countries soon.
This is a great case for very little money. It is easy to install the phone into it, has great protection on the sides, corners, and also for the screen. It is easier to use than previous New Trent cases and I just love it and is better than I was expecting. A Great buy for your XR phone!
These cables are high quality. They work great.
This works great! I have an old pickup truck that I use for hauling horses. This little Bluetooth works great! Very easy to install and the USB is nice to have too. The microphone works good.
Love this case! Looks so elegant. The padded bumpers on the corners are excellent. I rarely drop my phone but I did recently, real hard right on the corner, and phone was perfectly fine! I thought it cracked for sure. Great case! 👍🏼
I got these for my mom since she keeps losing her keys and they work very well, a nice loud noise you can hear from inside the couch or the coat she left them in.
Perfect! 9 times out of 10, we have to use a phone for driving directions. This is perfect for keeping your hands free! I originally purchased this for my car, but came back today for extras for the older kids cars! Safety is everything!
I love the material and feel of these gloves. As soon as I put them on I knew I made a great purchase. The wrist support is awesome too, no more wrist pain after heavy weights. Would buy again in a heartbeat
We love this item. Our dental clinic uses it to communicate with each other. It is very efficient and a time saver.
I like the color which was true to what was pictured. Lightweight yet protective...exactly what I wanted.
Perfect cable, zero issues and good performance. Nice outside jacket too.
I got a Samsung S10+ and Apple Airpods, both charge fine with no issues. Also, i've seen my Samsung phone charges in fast charging mode.
These are a super great value for the price. They are basically indestructible. Love these!
This product is incredibly easy to use, can be used as a flashlight with various settings, comes with a number of different attachments for charging, and can perform multiple vehicle jumps before requiring recharging. This is easily one of the best products I've ever purchased on Amazon!
I love these little bowls they are great
It fit perfectly on my wife Galaxy S9 Plus. I would buy it again.
Good product and outstanding customer service. Thanks
Very cute Mickey eats especially the ones with the red bow. My son likes the plain ones since he's a boy and even wore it to school, how cute. I'm ok with the pink ones because it's not as big as I like it.
I like my case and I wearing my watch without fear of it being damaged. I think would buy it again!
Awesome commuter style case. It is stronger than an otter box based on my experience. I dropped my phone from a 2 story bleacher onto concrete and the case did not crack and neither did my phone. It's super rugged and minimal. It's a must by for anyone who wants a rugged case in a small package.
Now i am worry free for the whole day when i have this charging case. I ordered one for my sister too. As she really wanted it seeing mine.
I do not need now to worry about running out of port when I want to charge my Smart-phone or my Smart-watch. Also, I have seen and felt that it does not get any hot even if all the port are being used.
This case is great. Scratches very easily but I don't really mind. Rather the case than the phone.
Works Great with Iphone X and Iphone 8.
I bought a new IPhone 11, and ordered this case before purchasing the phone, so it would be protected before I left the store. I added tempered glass screen protectors to the front and back of the phone, without removing the plastic screen protectors that were attached to the case, and the case still fit perfectly. I feel like my new phone is well protected.
I have two kids and my phones always running low on battery. Especially on vacation when you need charge on ur phone always. I love this solar panel , we have used it twice already on two of our vacation and I like how it attaches on the back of the bag pack , with the hook it comes with. It does a great job in charging small devices and also comes with a handy flash light . My favorite feature is wireless charging , I have an iPhone X and it charges flawlessly. My only wish is if it was teeny bit less heavy . Overall, it's a great charger and worth the price
I received this tripod yesterday and can't stop taking pictures. I have used it at height capacity and desktop. It is exactly what I was looking. Easy set up, easy to use and great price.
So far so good. I've had it for several weeks now and had no problems. My battery consumption and how often I need to charge has not changed at all, which I was concerned might happen. Installation was super easy. It says it won't charge through a phone case but I have a very slim case and it charges through my case just fine. I bought 2 charging docks, 1 for home and 1 for the car and this works with both of them.
Love it, I got the yellow 🍋 case for my galaxy s9. I'm a very colorful person so this case goes perfectly with me. My daughter think the case is meh... too colorful for her. Soft and shiny on the back, phone don't look big with this case. Hopefully the case will protect my phone in case I drop it. So far so good. I'm happy with my purchased I just wish they have this case available in pink for galaxy phones.
I love this power bank, super cute and tiny so it fits my package perfectly , and charge so fast ! I don't have to worry to run out of battery anymore ! And the price is amazing as well ! Highly recommended
I received this product a few days ago and i am so happy to have a wireless charger for my new iPhone X. It charges quickly, looks great on my night stand, and I can share it with my partner who has an iPhone 8 Plus.
It is a must have in the car, I cant believe how easier and convenient it is, it makes following google map so much easier!! I put another one in my kitchen, so i can just look at my phone and follow the receipt. Highly recommend it!
Had trouble with the first set. The company reached out to replace them and they bent over backwards to make sure I received working items.
The cell phone shell is perfect, it can protect the mobile phone, it can also be waterproof, really must buy, very good use. The weight is still light and easy to carry.
I have gone through so many of these kind of products and none are as great as this one! Love it!
Very easy to install comes with everything you need and it looks great works well and nobody can see my phone at an angle
Exactly what I was looking for and compatible with my LG G6.
I ordered this for my 6th generation ipod touch, that I bought for business purposes. It is very sturdy and protects the ipod well. I definitely feel it will protect it well.
I will keep this one. It took a good hit at 65 ‘ and no damage to phone
Classy looking and matches dressy attire... my wrist are thick (for a girl) and the fit was awesome
So cute! Shiny and glittery but smooth.
This is the best cell phone mount for the car that I have owned. It is perfect for what I use it for, which is to use my phone as a dash cam. I considered mounts that use suction cups to stick to the windshield, but the problem I have had with 2 of those I previously owned was they would fall off the glass after a few days. I was concerned that this mount would slide around on my dash, especially after reading a couple of reviews that said it will slide. All I can say is I would have to go around a turn really fast to get this thing to move, I am talking about up on 2 wheels fast or close to it. This thing is steady, and stays in place. The clip part is made of thin plastic, which is my only concern, especially in the hot Texas sun, where it might become brittle. But as of now I have had no issues with it.
Love this band! I've had it a couple weeks and it still looks greta! It is very comfortable and stylish. I would order again, and after my mom saw it she asked for the link to order one as well!
Very nice bag with high quality! It can be a gym bag, and can be a travel bag. So happy with this purchase
Great wireless charger. There are alot out there for alot more money but this held my note8 perfectly. It adjusts whether you have a large or small phone and holds it securely. The clip that holds it to the vent is spring loaded so it hold it much better than the ones that just slide on. I liked it so much I bought a second one for my other vehicle.
would order from this seller again
Very durable case!! Love the kickstand!!
I love my new watchband! It's so cute and girly.It fits nicely around my wrist, I received many complements and referred it to others! The seller have good customer service,packaging is very professional and nice.Love the bracelet!!
First let me say I loved the packaging on this. Very nice and neat. Secondly they work perfect with my iPhone 8plus and i love that they give you 5 of them to use.
Bought these phones to replace a Galaxy S5 and a flip phone for my husband. The phones arrived in a couple days and were in pristine condition. Unfortunately the speaker phone option had serious echo issues. I emailed the vendor, through Amazon, and within 15 minutes received a response. From there everything was handled personally, quickly and without any hassle what so ever!!! We spoke directly by phone a number of times, so the process was smooth from the start. The replacement phones came priority mail and the switch from the 5 to the 7 was super easy with Smart Switch from Samsung. Would highly recommend this vendor, not only for outstanding customer service, but great price and extremely high quality phones.
Fit it Perfectly, Very beautiful and very satisfied. Easy to put on my phone,
Exactly what I was expecting
Love the Gear Fit2 Pro. DO NOT BUY THIS WATCH UNLESS ITS THE 'PRO' MODEL.
Very, very pleased and actually am wearing it right now.
I like this because I can clip it right on my jeans or slacks instead of putting in purse. Easy access. Have bought a couple times now over 7 years.
Fits great and has been very durable. I have dropped my phone numerous times and have had no damage to my phone.
Great look case, lite and secure
Same as described thanks alot! Very good packing and safe. Fits exactly my Xiaomi Redmi Note 6 pro Arrived after a week.
Very oven safe and flexible! A great upgrade from our old ones.
Definitely enjoying this. It is holding up much better than any other cord I've had.
The product is very sturdy. I am very happy with it's quality.
Its really good quality i m using it and thats perfect
Love Mr. Shield easy to install looks great this is my 4th purchase and I will keep buying it great price I usually get the 3 pack :) I highly recommend this product to anyone :)
Love it! Beautiful and functional and would definitely buy again from this seller. I like to attach an orgonite pendant to the back of my phone to protect against EMF and I always like to pair it with a pretty case
Like how it fits the phone snug! Light and easy to use.
I bought this for my friend, she has got a smartphone of Samsung. She said it is really good to charge the smart phone. But she need to charge this charger first. She said everything looks great and she thanked me help her with purchasing this.
Great sturdy cords! Just what I needed for my multiple devices.
Electrical engineer and filter designer.These fit perfectly and are adjustable and comfortable. I wanted them primarily for weightlifting and running - these are PERFECT!
Highly recommended. I love these for a bunch of reasons: - they sound good - they were crazy cheap - they're light but feel sturdy - I have the black ones, and they look like grown up headphones - they connect to my phone and computer quickly and effortlessly - you can charge AND listen at the same time - I have a big fat head and they feel comfortable still
It's absolutely beautiful. I get compliments every single day on this band. It's slightly big on my wrist but not anything crazy and I dnt mind it. It doesn't bother me at all. I originally ordered this to wear on special occasions but once I put it on I fell in love lol and haven't taken it off since and I've had it for over a month now. It's exactly like the picture and description. Can't go wrong for $20.
This case is so cute!The image quality looks good, better than a lot of marble cases I've had from amazon. It does look really, really good, this is a great deal so I'm more than happy!Plus it's seriously so cute. Definitely worth the money!
Great. It seems very thin but it doesn't the job. It doesn't make white look grainy. No scratches yet.
Having the ability to use the 360 camera without taking off the entire case is great. It is a little bulky, but sturdy as I have already dropped several times with no damage to phone or case.
This HDMI cable works great with my iPhone and tv. I connected to my tv with no hassle no problems at all. It is so easy to use. Just plug one end of the 2 way splitter into the hdmi port and choose that port on your tv, and the other end to the USB port on your tv, then connect the last end to your phone. Plays instantly. nice
Love this for my mophie 20,000 backup battery - fits perfect and still room for the charging cord and iphone cord.
Bought it for by brother. He tells me he loves it.
Very good I like it, it's so easy !
Good product. As expected.
I used this VR goggles for a long time and will not feel tired. It is very comfortable to wear with padding around the eyes. Good value for money. If you are searching for a great quality VR goggles this is a good choice. That is not going to cost a lot.
Very well made product. These come in very handy! Will definitely purchase again!
I like that it was a snug fit on my phone. I don't have any bubbling. I am clumsy and this case has protected my phone from all the drops and scratches. It's a little bulky, I would compare it to an Otterbox. I would recommend this case! :)
Works just as it should. No issues and installation is simple.
Got my daughter a new phone for Christmas. She loves this girly case with a little bit of bling.
I am pleased with my purchase so far. Cord length and sturdiness meet my expectations. Time will tell as for durability.
Actually ordered the wrong one, but the seller was extremely accommodating with the return.
I had purchased a similar item about a year ago which worked out well but eventually started to break down. This was the replacement. Many of the parts are the same. The big difference is this one has the phone slide into the holder from the side, not clip into from the top. At first, I wasn't a fan of this but after using it a while it seems more secure.
These lenses connect to my phone very easily. The quality when viewing through them is good and I like the images I get when taking pictures. The remote shutter device is a nice add on and makes it easier to take pictures. I have not had a chance to use the tripod yet, but it looks like it will work just fine for what I need it for. Very nice components for the price.
Charges my iPhone X very fast even with a thicker case on.
Excellent product! It's very easy to apply, and the product quality is the best (among all the screen protectors we have purchased over the years) so far The clear back also shows the back of the phone nicely Can't even tell its there once applied Nice Heavy duty protector Will buy again when I get new phone next month Installation is extremely easy and 's customer service is top notch Because once I lost my cell phone, I was well protected Tempered glass people think too much and will not stay on my cell phone Include everything you need This is a great product When I accidentally put it on hardwood floors, the product can save my phone Nice product very dependable reliable and fits very well im very well pleased on this screen protector it really provides protection
Its speed is good. I used it with my camera and it can work.
I have been looking for an all natural skin care regimen and I do believe I have found it!! Makes me skin feel so smooth. I was shipped quickly and nicely packaged in foam.
Perfect for work that uses an android and my personal iphone. Dont have to carry anything extra. It is self contained.
The USB cable came in good shape and the function is super awesome. The weight scale is pretty easy to use and the user interface on it is very intuitive. I'm now using this weigh scale at least twice per day because this item provides accurate data for my body so that I can track the change and do proper exercise. I like this item very much and I also appreciate the seller's service. I like this USB data cable very much. The seller shipped my item super fast and it got delivered in a good shape within two business days. After using the cable for a day or two, it's proven to be a much better cable than the one from Apple and I'd recommend this lightning cable over the Apple one any day of the week. It feels more durable and, in my opinion, looks better than the Apple cable when used with an iPhone or an iPad. What's more, the charging process is faster when using this item but never make the charger hot. I'd recommend this cable to more of my friends.
Amazing. I've had a Peerless showerhead similar to this one for about 5 years and unfortunately it began to crack around the pipe connection. When I tell you THIS Delta head is fat superior, I mean it. I haven't had any issues so far and the water flow is even better than with my old showerhead. I thought of have to remove flow restrictors as other reviewers have said BUT didn't have to and the pressure is fine . This was a great deal as Home Depot had the same head for $20 more than what I paid here
For the price and sweet looking buds and specially the deep sweet sounds this blows everything else outta the water.
Excellent phone case. Fits perfect with iPhone X. I would buy this case again.
Good sound. Comfortable in the ear.
No complaints not hard to put on and it really works
This is a great battery. It feels solid, the button feels good when you press it and it lasts forever.
This is for my mom‘s new iPhone XR, like the black border to the glass screen protector it blends in seemlessly into the phone! I previously bought another brand and you can see the edges of that glass protector. This one you can't tell,Awesome fit!
Just what I needed. Appears to be good quality and works well. Bends easily.
Tried it once. Seems functioning well. It is a lot thinner and lighter than my previous charger. Easier to bring with me when travelling.
Comes with a entire kit to install it no more trying to free hand a screen protection application.
Perfect for my 78 y.o. dad. Finally got him out of his flip phone. This durable case will make sure his new 6s Plus won't get damaged if he drops it, which he will.
A very good fast charging cable with a good length and durable, it's made of a good material, i highly recommend it.
Wow! Amazing. I bought the three pack thinking I would ruin 2 if them. No. Watch their installation video and install it like a pro! These will be my new go to!
Loved it! Super cute! I use these to put on my son goodies boxes !
Installation went smoothly. Product seems quite satisfactory. Purchased/installed on an iPhone XR and an iPhone XS Max.
The fingerprint scanner works perfectly OK on this screen protector.I am really satisfied with the result and I hope this lasts long.
Didn't read the product description and although it was the glass protector which is my favorite but this one is pretty good
Excellent power to the phone. Charged my phone double the amount of time
It feels nice and looks great, it adds a tiny, little weight to the phone which is probably a goood thing cause damn these Samsungs are light, can't feel them in your pocket they're so light.
I am very pleased with this product
Bought new tips to replace the ones that came with the original stylus pens I purchased last year. Each one lasts about two months for me but they may last longer or shorter depending on how much you use them. The stylus pens are still in great shape so no need to replace them. Great purchase.
Inexpensive and easy to replace. I've gone through 3 of them in the past year (I'm clumsy and drop my phone often) but for the price I don't mind frequent replacement.
Nice and thin. Looks good
Super fast shipping and install was simple!
I believe I stated somewhere the product was not in the envelope when delivered. The envelope was partially sealed with nothing in it. This is the only reason I'm asking for a refund. I actually purchased the exact same item and they are perfect. Point being I have nothing to return because I never received it. I do like this company and all items I've ordered. I'm guessing it was just a rush packing and someone just to forgot to actually put the item in the envelope before sending. I thank you in advance for your help regarding this matter. Please feel free to contact me if needed
After we have the iPhone charger cable, I don't have to worry about run out of the battery again. I leave in in the car, at home and in the office. The quality are great so far, I don't see any reason not to buy it. Specially the color, I donot have to worry about mix with the other charger cable.
great service & product!
Love these fast chargers! So much easier and convenient to just set your phone down and boom it's charging, no cord! Have one in my room and got this one for my office plugged rt into my laptop so my phone can charge while I'm on the computer and the way it sits upright I can still use my phone like a tablet! Charges just as fast as my corded chargers, love it and very happy with it.
Fit my middle cup holder on a chevy silverado perfectly. The holder was very adjustable for fitting into the cup, and the flexible neck accommodated my Samsung 6E perfectly. The phone holder allowed me to plug in to my USB charger without any issue.
So far cables are holding up better than other cables
Easy use and good quality
Great case at a great price. It's just what I wanted. Not too bulky but still has reasonable protection for my phone.
If minimalism is your game, this is the shell of choice. These guys got it right, the look and feel actually enhanced my appreciation of the iPhone device. Aesthetics and tactile experience were overriding design intentions here, cannot yet speak for results of a crash test. No air bag included.
Fast changing. Really like to just set it on the charger with not worrying about plugging it in. Awesome product.
Looks very tidy now, charging without problem
Cannot give enough stars. Love this case. Everything you need. Fits great. Bounces if dropped. Very thick bouncy outside plastic. Clip on carry or kick stand. Best case ever. Kid proof!
Exactly as described and what was needed. Very useful set of tools.
This is a great armband! I love how easy it is to use and that it has a place for headphones. The armband I had before wouldn't let me use the touchscreen on my phone, but that's not a problem at all with this one. It's pretty durable as well; it will definitely last a long time. Great product!
Absolutely love this product! I use it everyday.
The stand is very sturdy and has a nice finish.
Seem to be awesome. But only 2 days old.
Replaced my battery with it. Works like new.