Unless you have this jam-packed full of items, the unit collapses on itself. I never held it's shape therefore, making it hard to reach my items when I needed them. The silver metal pieces on the handle fell off soon after it arrived. I must have missed the "return by" date as I now am stuck with it.
If you are never going to wash your window or get dust on it maybe it won't scratch instantly... Little twigs hit it and it scratches.... Haven't been able to see out of it since the second ride I went on... JUNK
Waste of money or fake i tried so hard to fix even smallest scratch but no result.
Big gaps around my side mirrors. Tap did not stick to my car or the product.
Did not work on my 15 watt solar charger mounted on my step van did not send back it cost $8 what the hell I'm a little disappointed solar charger works fine on my battery without the limiter
They didn't last long before flickering on and off
Did not fit according to size. Too small.
Cheap made product! Bought to replace the newer nozzle on gas containers. One of the nozzles broke in half while pouring gas,luckily engine was cold. The second one the gasket failed. Find a different maker, made with cheap,thin plastic. Waste of money !
Didn't even have this installed a month and the relay already failed. Was not exposed to moisture and somehow corroded causing my light bar to not work. Not too happy about it.
A pain in the a** to get the mounting brackets on and tight. And then still had to bend and pry the brackets to get the light bar to fit. Havent wired it up completely, I hope its atleast bright. So far sub par for the price. Light got moisture in the lens the first time it rained. Worthless
It is plastic . and it broke.
This part has scratches all over it!
Every single piece of metal on this rusted after the first rain, including all the screws. I had to paint the flat metal piece because it looked so bad. Buy something else.
This fell apart as I was installing it. Cheap material!
I received the bulbs and hooked them up and no light. Contacted the company and they were responsive. They asked for a cut wire picture which I supplied and they said once they got the picture they would send a new set. Over a month since last email and have not heard back and have not received replacements
Spilled everywhere and all over my non returnable dog food
Drivers side mat has become hardened, such that the sides have permanently warped up and won't lay flat, and shifts around now because of it. I have to buy a new mat and only got 6 months maybe, out of it. To me, that's not a good product for your money. To the seller: Is there some kind of warranty on this??
I had my pull start on my motor for all of 3 pulls until it wore through the plastic gromet and snapped the first cord. Then the tank on the recoil spring broke which meant I had to take the whole spring out rebend it then coil it back up. Then the cord had to snap again because of rubbing on the metal. Then after that when I took the pull started off I saw that one the posts which holds the springs and ratchet pawls had snapped off. Such a pain. Not even worth the 2 dollars they pay to make it in china. Your better off starting your motor with a drill.
I never received them. I was reimbursed because I was told my package was lost.
all pieces were not in package
Only one spark plug at a jacked up prove. Had to pay to return it.
I through it was steel or hard plastic was not pleased
You sent me a scratched up used unit. I hope it works
Only worked for two months every time I used it it got burning hot and smelled like melting plastic while only airing up about 10 psi now it stopped working yesterday
Leaks like crazy if u don't use the quick disconnect , but does have the normal hose thread. Only found useful on 0 setting to foam , but uses soap in about 15 secs. I've used many products and always like to try new ways to wash my car, i take a lot of pride in my car and keeping it clean, and beautiful
This either doesn't keep the rain out or else provoked immediate condensation. Either way, if it starts raining the inside of these glove covers will be immediately wet.
This rack arrived so twisted/bent that it can not be assembled. I wanted it for an upcoming trip but I will not have enough time to return it, wait for the new one to arrive before my trip. Absolutely useless junk with no QC. I will just return this item and go to a local business to get one. Thanks for wasting my time.
This product was about 4-5 inches too short to fit in my 2015 Honda CRV. Disappointed. Will be returning.
As per headline. Recd Jan 3, installed a week later and one burned out when turned car on this AM (Jan 24). They are definitely brighter than stock but a little expensive and time consuming to be replacing one every two weeks.
I got these and I was SO excited to get them on my Jeep. After install, with NO CLEAR INSTRUCTIONS, and it took all day, we finally got to turn the lights on. That is where the problem began. The halo white lights work. The remote, and the color changes along with the App they tell you to install, none of this turned on the colors of the Halo lights. The only reason I wanted these was so have clear and color choices. Now I am stuck with the lights on my jeep with no color. Then, they also put in a piece of paper telling you that after you install this, a relay item that you can use for the colors might be defected and will have to be sent back to them for the company see "IF" it is defected. I am SO SO SO disappointed with the product. If you want these lights, I suggest you find another manufacture then these guys. Waste of time and money. I will post a picture later of the paper that I am talking about that came in the box.
Garbage! Fell off on the first ride once I got into the freeway. Luckily noone was killed by this flying price if debris
Can I give this zero stars? This product made my windshield worse! I tried it both wet and dry and neither worked. It just smeared the dirt on the windshield and left a cloudy film that when driving at night, I could barely see. Then, after a couple wipes, the handle started to crack. It's made of real cheap plastic. I am returning. Unfortunate cause I have a severely slanted windshield and I can't reach the bottom.
I had a CHEAP Harbor Freight tire kit I have been using for 10 years, I bought this one because it looked like a better quality. MY MISTAKE! Tire plug tool snapped in two first time I tried to plug a tire. I finished the job with my cheap HF kit. This is going in the trash.
Worked for 1 out of 4 ball joints. The clamp bent and was very difficult to hold all the parts in the correct sequence to instal the others.
I never received my order.
Garbage.. not worth putting on my truck whatsoever..
It simply did not work. I turned on the water. By the time I went back into the motorhome the floor was flooded and the carpet was soaked because the valve does not shut off. Amazon took care of the cost of the valve but I have the cost of the clean up.
The key lock corroded within a week and now the racks are stuck to the top of my Jeep. Since I was traveling for a weekend and didn't want to hear the loud whistling sounds coming from the racks for my 8 hour trip, I had to break them off. Would not recommend.
Will not stick to windows at all! I have cleaned my windows thoroughly also have clean the backside of the clings and they fall off within a few minutes no matter how many times I've applied put pressure it just will not stay. Unfortunately they only give you 30 days to return but took forever to get to me so by time I wanted to return I am out of the return window.
Died after a year of very very light use, not worth it look elsewhere.
Gap in the new part when assembled. Tried to resolve the issue with Black path through email, sending requested photos, etc. Stopped hearing back from them after 3rd email or so. Finally just returned it. I've seen since other buyers have the same comment about it not fitting.
Cracked when I installed it
this is not worth the time or money. my air does not cool in the dead of summer here in FL any longer. Toyota (2) of them and the same results in both of them.
Not bright at all. P O S
I did NOT get the green ones
Only lasted 2 months. Not worth buying
I ordered the wrong part
It seemed well built but after 20,000 miles you can already hear it growl. Stock wheels and tires
Only came with one threaded rod, send me my parts please!
Received and installed Sept 1 2018. Today Dec 25th it is leaking from the weep hole!
My initial review of this product was denied presumably because it was too honest about their shoddy nature, so I will be as straightforward as I can... I purchased these bulbs for my RV. Within a month several had burned out. They are cheap and I DO NOT recommend them. You can save yourself time and hassle by buying a quality product the first time, i.e. NOT this product. The denial of my initial review stated "Your review should focus on specific features of the product and your experience with it. Feedback on the seller or your shipment experience should be provided at www.amazon.com/feedback.", so I will not discuss my negative interaction with the seller.
These people somehow got my number and harassed me to give then a review. How the heck did they get my number that's creepy. No totally unacceptable
Faulty part- stopped working after 3 days -
Never received the item.
Maybe just me, but I broke both screen savers in a matter of minutes trying to position them correctly on the car's screen. I've put glass screen protectors on my cell phone and tablet with no problems. Not nearly so easy with this product. I could not get the protector squared correctly, nor could I get air bubbles out once it was on the screen halfway square. I do think it would proved great protection if you're not picky about appearances.
That were the wrong ones they said they would fit not so !!!
Poor build quality and not even half as bright as my stock halogen blinkers, and the one behind the exhaust melted on the first ride. Don't bother buying these, oh and mine were wire backwards so red was connected to black and black to red to get them to work.
Very small and seems well like plastic material is too thin. Lock seems well made .. too small.
Lasted two months...
I thought led bulbs were supposed to last longer!? Passenger side bulb is out after being installed for 3 days. These are garbage do not buy them!
Did not get the bonus sticker as advertised
I purchased this battery for my 2001 Audi tt. Despite the application being listed, this group size will not fit. The battery box would have to be completely cut out and modifications done. My intention was to return the item, but returns are not accepted! So, I have a $200 battery that fits nothing and I have no use for. Good job.
had modify to fit my f250
So I bought these filters as a cheaper option to k&n or something similar, I thought the red color was just the color of the cloth used to make these, but it is actually paint, I've used brake cleaner, k&n air filter cleaner, and also left them to soak in paint thinner for 4 hours and this paint will not come off of these filters. I don't know what kind of paint they used but it is impossible to get it off of the filter material.. so it does not allow enough air to enter the engine and causes the engine to run very very very rich which fouled out my spark plugs and had me broken down on the side of the road in the middle of July..
I get that the price is cheap compared to retail from mercedes and by that one should assume these are knockoffs. But using a picture of authentic Mercedes center caps, including a picture of the Mercedes label's, in the description is just straight up trying to mislead people. Take the photo off the ad so it isn't misleading. That aside, the quality of these is very poor compared to the real Mercedes made ones. You get what you pay for I guess. The real ones are around $25 each but made considerably better and look better. If you want a cheap solution and don't care about quality at all these are the center caps for you.
It doesn't actually absorb liquids, it is permeable and they still stain the floor. Now this matt is ugly and deformed and merely covers the oil stains it has allowed to hit the floor.
A shame I can't give zero stars!! I followed the instructions and before the 2 minuets were up the product began heating up as noted. I began to apply per instructions and before I could cover the patch the mixture was already hard!! Less than three minutes!!! $10.00 gone for nothing but a mess!!
Terrible quality, didn't fit as promised. Horrible customer service
Said it would fit my truck and it didn't...and it was too late to return.
The heat from the interior of the car melted the glue and the cover has all but come loose...
Extremely small! This is my fault for not reading the specs... but pic was deceiving on size for sure. This item is not sturdy and collapses unless packed full... Waste of trunk space.
Did not like this item.
This is the second time I ordered it. The first time it broke just like this and was able to have them replace it. Now it happened again and the window to return it closed. So now I have to find another because I love having this in my car. I do nothing but fill it and have it plugged in and yet again it stopped working and when I took it out everything had broken. Truly disappointing. If I could it wouldn't get any stars
I purchased two and they were both open. I had to return it :(
They don't raise the lift gate to the very top of its travel.
Does not work as intended. Missing slot for braces to keep the bag open.
Did not work for my f150
This product is not the correct product for my vehicle! I specifically ordered it based on the information provided for my vehicle a 2006 325 XI all wheel drive. Now I cannot return it due to the expiration deadline was December 13 2017. I will never purchase another item from this seller.
I bought this Feb. 2018. It is April 2018. I used it a total of 4 times before it basically went to hell as far as the suctioning and the clip broke which allows you to open it. Now I can't even get my money back or a replacement. Two words ...STAY AWAY!!!
I know these are cheap gloves, but extremely poor quality, even at this price. Odd fit with thumb too long, fingers tight (sized according to chart) Stitching looks like it won't last and seams are all over the place. Would have returned them but needed to use them for a ride as soon as they arrived. On a brighter note the touchscreen feature works well
These are the worst replacement fobs I've ever purchased. I had them programmed, and the buttons did not work. Poorly made, and flimsy.
Out of the box, this hose is useless for the 5 gallon jug. Need to purchase additional parts to complete the job. Big disappointment.
timing belt kit arrived. when having installed, idler pulley was incorrect for the bolt, tensioner pulley get stuck when tightening causing me to have to purchase parts from another source. water pump was not fitting correctly against block.
I finally got around to installing the water pump after the return deadline. Big mistake. They didn't even send me the right part.
Broke within 5 months. Initially they were ok -- fit fine and worked satisfactorily. But then the ball socket on one end broke and the loose end of the strut punched a holed through my fresh air box. Now I don't trust the other one and will need to replace both. Don't buy these.
To short for my wheels
Well it lasted about 4 months and now has started dragging, barely turning
Put these in my car and now the car doesn't run ðŸ¤¬ With them in car I hooked it up to a code reader, the codes came up as a misfire on the coils. I guess that's what I get for buying off of amazon WHAT JUNK ðŸ˜¡ Had to give it 1 star otherwise it wouldn't let me submit this review
The advertising never mentions that it is only compatible with Windows. Chat with support confirms that fact. So, I had to go through all this grief because of Autel!! If you have a windows system (must be the only system in the world) you might be OK.
Really disappointed. I ordered this decal back in May for my sister-in-law, and was supposed to receive it by June 6th. After two weeks I messaged the seller to see what my options were about getting the product that I paid for and I still haven't heard back from them. I'm fortunate that it wasn't an expensive item, but I'm still angry that I paid for something I never received and that no one will contact me back about this problem.
The web description said it would fit my make and model but that was inaccurate. Returned item and will try a X large. Good price, fast delivery. No issues with return.
Ordered 2. Both were broke when they arrived. Maybe some packaging would have helped.
They will not work will not bolt up at all. I tried to get seller to call me no luck I need to send them back no luck yet
Packages left on front porch, instead of back porch, and they were not there when I got home from work. Please replace ASAP.
When I first installed it the truck ran like crap, pulled it back off and one of the individual gaskets for cylinder 2 had come off, I'll take part of the blame for not realizing it fell off. However now that it's all back together, again, i still have a vacuum leak from the throttle body gasket, checked torque and all vacuum lines but still leaking. That's what i get for going cheap. Save yourself the time and hassle of pulling this piece of crap multiple times and go with one with better gaskets. Not happy
How come u guys say that this will fot an audi a5 but it doesnt ? This is ridiculous
The seat cover back wore thru within two weeks of installation
This filter is not a genuine Fram filter as it says it's made in China. Unfortunately I did not open box until it was too late to return.
I held mine up to my vehicle upon receiving. It's obvious it would've been a poor fit had I tried to apply them. Edges aren't painted black and while it would be hard to see this once applied it wouldn't be impossible- just kinda feels like they cut one too many corners
I bought this for use with a CB radio. The CB speaker aims downward towards the floor where I cannot hear it clearly. This unit plugs into the accessory speaker port, but did not work as advertised. The CB speaker sounds clear, but this unit just creates static. I missed the window for returning the product.
Cheap material poor quality don't waste your time
This four items only 3 its fit but the one items doesn't fit at all
Philips bright white backup light does not fit in Mercedes 2002 CLK 430 backup light. The 1156 terminal base is correct but the bulb does not fit in the lens.
I ordered these for my sisters 2015 GLK 350 she called and told me they don't fit she can't even screw them on.
Poor quality. Had to make your own slits for the seat belts and almost impossible to put on back seats due to having to remove the back seat. Would not buy
I ordered this product based on the product description that the product would function to provide WIFI capability for my dish Wally. Upon installation of the product the receiver would not recognize the adapter in order to allow for installation and setup. I called dish tech support and were not able to get the adapter to function. I requested a RMA and return shipping label from supplier. The supplier provided the return shipping label but I was required to pay freight to return the product. Also I was able to order a functioning adapter from dish for $23.00. what a rip.
Very dissatisfied that the image did not match my order I received.
Shipping was very bad hopefully my pads are not damaged I would not buy from here get from part store. No packing material inside pads moved all around and box was also not enough for the weight and was badly damaged.
Do not buy this tow took-- it pokes out too much and it got rusted after two rain showers.
The shade does not fold up properly and you have bulges of the shade hanging in your windshield. It's veru hard to get the pleats to close neatly.
What part of submersible do these folks not understand? Lasted about 6 months. Both left and right filled with water. I could maybe understand if one had a manufacturing defect. Both failing shows that this is a poorly engineered and manufactured product. Very disappointed since this is a safety system! Cheaply made landfill fodder. Boaters look elsewhere.
shown by picture of a standard 2 ton floor jack and product doe's not fit 3/4 inch hole it takes 1 and 3/4 inch hole
It stopped working after 2 days barely used just sat there.
Total trash. Don't waist your money. It arrives as a flat piece of metal and must be bent into submission. This thing will never find its way onto my car. It will sit in the Box of Shame, to remind me of what I wasted good money on.
This made to fit all seems to fit none well. Followed videos and still the blades do not stay attached. Tried on another vehicle with adapter and they stay on but are loose. Do not know how well they hold up because I could not use them.
Did not work after I installed them.. And now..forget fixing them..my new bumper weighs 1000 lbs and I cannot access them to repair without removing the bumper..so...f... It ..
Product damaged enroute! Refund sent? Only problem is now I must wait over a week for the money to be returned to my account so I can reorder it! Great customer service Amazon!!!
Once assembled it is very difficult to separate the top from the bottom. I broke the little clip separating it. It's made so poorly that even with the clip broke it's still hard to separate. My old fob slides together smoothly and this one doesn't.
Was very unhappy, the item shipped to me looked as if someone had it before me. Also it was missing a part. I needed this complete. They forced me to buy from an auto parts store. Next time you send an item out. Make sure its all complete.
I bought these on August 22nd and installed them right away. It's been a little over a month and around 5,000 miles and they are completely warped. Very disappointed with the overall quality of this product.
I would not recommend it. It did not help keep the refrigerator evenly cooled in my RV Norcold fridge.
Did not last! Replaced within weeks. Do not waste your money on these. Might as well light it on fire!
No heat at all when plugged. Other reviews about them not working is true. Save your money!
This inverter shorted my car's fuse. My car's battery was dead. Do not recommend it.
Did absolutely nothing but made my couch sticky.
This is my first order ever from Amazon that had problems. Took the hitch to my local repair and install shop looking for a quick quality install. Left Van at shop so that they could fit it in to work on. Got a call later that day with the sad report that the hitch would not fit. Problem was that the hitch was about one inch to narrow and the bolt holes did not align no matter now they tried to juggle it. Made sure this hitch it was a perfect fit by checking several vendors before ordering, so it was so disappointing when it did not. Also depressing was I had to pay $ 25.00 to return an item that was useless, not including the time wasted to resolve the issue. Contacted CURT, awaiting their customer support Dept. Will update this review after hearing from them
This does not come close to fitting my truck. the shape is completely stupid. Thank goodness it was so cheap.
Read the reviews before ordering, but there were 2 pages and I only read page 1. Page 2 reviewer said it did not fit a 2019 Prius. Boy was he right! Some pieces are the wrong size for the 2019 model and one little compartment is missing all together. I'm returning!
Bought this for a 2017 Ford F-350. Terrible product. Followed instructions exactly. Vent shades do not sit correctly so that when you put your window up it keeps going back down. Returned them and the company Auto Truck Toys only refunded 50% for a restocking fee. Product doesnt work but you have to pay for the terrible design. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT OR FROM THIS COMPANY. You would be just giving away your money. I give this product and company NO STARS. I had give it a star otherwise it wouldn't allow me to submit
Did not fit my 2014 Maserati Ghibli
The gauge was very inaccurate
The way they were designed on the front they cause rocks to Bounce off you're rocker panel chipping paint like crazy
Customer service and communication is terrible.. Wouldn't do what was right... Won't be buying from them again.
Item arrived already used meaning it was matched to another key. Worthless and will need to replace with a new one
not worth ordering. maybe better luck next time
This did not fit my truck. Very disappointed as Amazon said that it would.
the quality is poor. It does what its intended to do but could be much better for $40. the edges are sharp and rough and the mesh part is rough. personally i wouldn't buy again as its way overpriced. Better options can be found or built from items at home depot.
Well this is exactly that...crap. You don't have to make the same mistake I did. Avoid this product. The lens does not fit the backing or mounting plate. This will fall off a mile down the road. I would not consider mounting this on my trailer as it's probably going to wind up smashing through someones windshield. Who is going to pay for that?
It is used as a safety device on a slow moving tractor on the road
Advertising gives impression that the product is a charger that you leave in trunk and use it anywhere to charge a dead battery. Wrong!!
These was one big mess. They were in little short pieces. No one knew what to do with them. It's just a box full of short straight pieces. I was going to send them back but figured it wouldn't be worth the effort. So enjoy that money because there's no way they would fit on anything
Don't buy this shocks they last only 6 or 8 month and you have to buy new ones. get demage tires
Ordered the hei advance curve kit and received the wrong part. They sent me two brass fittings. Way off. I am not happy about this.
One of the keychains is tarnished and old and dirty looking, this was a gift for someone. I am so disappointed, I don't understand how one can look fine while the other looks disgusting and the product was shipped out.
Well firstly the connector was completely wrong. But since I have a full functioning brain I knew I could take the connector off the old motor and put it on the new one. Works perfectly after some modification.
Doesn't fit stock throttle cable too short not thrilled and a wasted money
Please contact me! Item not received! I'm not wanting to write a bad review of the product it's just I never received it and it shows it was delivered today. I can't find any other way to contact this company. There's no contact reference. Please help.
3m adhesive started coming off almost immediately. Having to pull off before they tear off. Do not recommend.
I bought this to apply sound damping material to my car doors. I made it through half a door before it fell apart.
Just opened my plastic package because hard to see if center pin was copper as pictured in ad.. sadly it was not. By the way, do not tear open your package because it states on the package,"No returns if bag is open" what a waste, I should have just driven to an autoparts store.
Ordered two of these and recieved a brake rotor and fuel filter for god knows what. Amazon really needs to get on top of what 3rd party sellers lying and shipping wrong items.
Does not even work. wasted my money.
I now have an empty tire and no instructions. Thanks!
Order arrived in tiny box. I opened package & found decals crumpled & folded. I doubt they will even stick since they have come apart from the backing. I like the style of the decals, but they should be packaged better.
Great seller. But the Warn has a problem. The very first pull I'm talking the very first pull just to set the cable on the drum it failed. It will spool out but not in. It pulled 10 foot. 10 foot! It will take 4 hours to remove the bumper off of the F350 and get it apart to find the problem. All it does is click. Now I need to call Warn and work on the problem.
Product was damaged inside of the box. Requested a refund but was denied due to the 30 day return policy. A customer first approach would have been to issue a refund for a faulty product and waive 30 day return. Some thing are best not bought on Amazon. Should have bought a oem taillight the first time.
Got this and worked but then stop being charged. tried to return it and it wouldn't let me.
Not even 2 months installed and wipers are starting to chatter. I am really disappointed
Didn't hold at all. White glue would have been as useful. Waste of money and time.
This was absolute garbage and looked nothing like Michael Myers when the sticker arrived. I threw it away.
not exact fit bmw x5, and not work in 1 month
I read several reviews where the board has a damaged wire but decided to give it a try anyway. Sadly, mine is also defective as you can see in the photo. Quality is a serious issue for this company.
The order did not live up to its written description. This carburetor did not match the original equipment on my 2005 4x4 ATV. The choke cable didn't match connections and the vacuum hoses didn't match. Very disappointed.
Do not buy these they will get stuck to your tire and you would have to go to tire shop for new air tube! With pliers, vice grips and oil penetrate they would still not come off!
I originally really liked this, great water pressure. We used in our RV on 2 trips but for some reason not sure why, maybe too cold but the plastic head just snapped off. I guess you need to wrap it in the winter. Could be it had water in it. I replaced it with one with excellent reviews that was half as much.
This product did not fit my seats as shown to and were not at all easy to install. I want to return them but not sure how to.
Did not like the fit, didn't match up like original parts
2004 Chevy Aveo makes my lights flicker in daytime light mode and also had to use YouTube to install, directions are not very good. Wont buy again.
Everything you've heard is true. You know you want them. Lets make this happen.
Lasted about a week before it broke I guess you get what you pay for
I bought these in August of 17 and 3 months later they are dead. I maybe used them for a total of 3-4 hours on my ATV. I have many other Auxbeam products that are still going strong.
Never received item !!! Add-on item missing from delivered package and not discovered after allotted notification time had expired so no recourse as far as a refund. Shop with Amazon almost exclusively and dissappointed to say the least.
This is supposed to be an island chain sticker, but they sent me the 'HI' lettering with the island chain in it..... that is not what the picture of the item states.
Mixed one bottle of this in when I changed my oil 2 weeks ago, 2 days later my truck started running rougher then before, after a few more days pass and it won't start when hot. Really sucks because all that was wrong before was a sticky injector when cold now I can't start my truck until it cools back down.
Both filters wrong,one was to big and one mounted wrong.HAD TO GET ONES FROM PARTS STORE TO GET CUSTOMERS TRUCK GOING pump fit like it should,unhappy with this.
It was deliver broken
Driver put in wrong place and never received and refunded money
I'm very disappointed in this key fob that I just purchased it doesn't flip open and I had it programmed in the buttons don't even work on it I bought a new battery for it and it still doesn't work I would like you to send me another one please and I will send this one back thank you.
Did not fit 2013 Road Glide lights. Waste of money.
Very hard to install!
Mats are not a dark black, they were chalky had to scrub. They are very thin. The mats are worth the money cushions cheap feel.
This kit broke first time I used it , bottom ring snapped , and won't expand anymore , I haven't e-mailed the company yet , only happened Friday January 26th 2018 I wouldn't recommend it at all.
I'm not happy with Amazon Prime . I signed up for a free trial and when I placed this order it said I would receive it in 2 days and it took over a week. It was a gift and it didn't arrive in time for the party.
Absolutely horrible no instructions power button didn't work had to send back not worth the time
Shed all over my dashboard... Where there used to be dust lies little, gray fuzzballs. The one I bought at the dollar store works way better, in my opinion. Not recommended.
Stopped working after 1 month
These are very very cheaply made. One of the blinkers cracked while I was screwing it to a mount because the entire fixture is cheap plastic. They were very inexpensive so I guess you get what you pay for.
Total junk. Could not be programmed by automotive locksmith. Two thumbs down.
Mine worked for a while then just stopped working
Terrible smell.....smells like urine
Do Not Order these Chinese doors! They came with NO instructions and do not come close to fitting correctly.
Not close to fitting, looked bad too
Quit all together after 2 months!!! Piece of junk don't buy!!
Couldn't make it work and couldn't get meaningful help from the company. Returned it
We hadn't opened it upon delivery because we didn't need it at the time. When we did open it, the box inside was extremely damaged and was missing pins & another part and we were not able to use it. If the distributor makes it right, I will change my review at that time.
This did not fit a 2015 Toyota Tacoma center console as advertised and shown in the picture by the seller, it is too small. However, the quality seemed good, I wish it would've fit. It is being returned.
After 5 months they rusted and look like crap. Very disappointed.I will call and check on the warranty.
Worked a few days then failed.
This didn't fit any steering wheel of any vehicle. What kind of car is this supposed to fit on?! I tried it on several vehicles and it didn't fit anything
Worst tire product ever....I applied it and did not drive my car for over 12 hours. Next time I drove the vehicle there was white splatter all over the wheels.
Won't work in my license plate light socket. When I opened them there was solder stuck to the side of the base so that one wouldn't go in to the socket. Then the others just won't work in the socket. I'm sure the socket works as I removed a working light from it to install the LED bulb.
Bought on July 16th, border seam started coming out on the 19th after my first wash. I expected better quality from the company. Disappointed.
did not fit for 70 baja dirt runner.
I bought two of these. Neither would program for use with my car. Do not buy this item.
Pure shit-the app doesn't work! Paid over 200 to have them installed and the Bluetooth will not even connect so I can not use them! Don't waste your time or money!
I used amazon to services to determine the correct bulb for my car which inaccurately recommended this bulb. it does not fit and the seller does not accept returns (even though it was ordered as prime). Beware when ordering that you due more diligence than me to identify the right bulb and don't rely on what amazon suggests.
I ordered this key fob thinking it was the right one for my 2012 Kia Sportage, it isn't, it doesn't contain the chip components on the inside either. The item description says it doesn't, I expected it not to have the programable chip parts. I can't return the item through Amazon because they are a Private Seller, but they don't have any kind of Warranty or Return Policy. Ultimately, I should have checked the item better, but I wish I could return it. They don't list that they don't have any kind of return policy either.
These are made to be so universal that they will be nearly impossible to install and keep centered on the wheel studs. They might work for someone somehow, but I'm not sure how. You probably will end up with an out of balance wheel.
First of all, they took a long time to get to me. They come with no instructions. No way of knowing when they are fully charged. Charge doesn't last long, at all. And they scratch very easily. Very disappointed with this product unfortunately.
These did not fit my 2012 Toyota Tundra.. Buyer beware.
Not water tight...? moisture inside lenses after only a couple weeks of installed use. Was sent replacement, and it did the same after only a couple weeks. Then after about 4 months half of the lights stopped working.
Said pack of 12 only recieved 1
Very flimsy, the top unscrewed while attempting to put in. Ended up throwing away because I missed the return cut off
Garbage. Just spins in place.
Doesn't fit my 98 XJ Cherokee like it says it will.
Worthless, tech support does not even answer back. Not working. Do not buy.
I was going through my past orders and saw this. Then I realized that I never got it. I forgot all about it.
Disappointed with product description which is incorrect leading to return of the cable to company, Amazon delivered fantastic customer service to correct the problem
Ordered this part. Less than a month after it was installed it broke. I contacted the company and they sent me a replacement part. Less that 2 weeks after the replacement was installed, it too broke. These handles are made with extremely cheap plastic.
The first time I ordered this sticker it was wonderful! Super easy to install. It doesn't take a genius to put it on. I loved it so much I ordered another one. I removed the backing of it to install, half the sticker tore off and is permanently stuck to the backing. Now it's just trash. There is no option to exchange it or return it. I JUST WANT A GOOD STICKER!
It was completely damaged during shipment. When I asked for refund, they did not accept my request. Don't buy this item.
Had to order more because I ran out halfway through 30' motorhome. Didn't want to waste more money but I was in far enough to finish. I'm curious to see how long it will last because most of the claims and reviews I have read have been way off the mark.
I bought it to operate a medium size swamp cooler and it did great the two times I tried it. It ran with the pick up truck battery for a few hours until it beeped and stoped. In the morning I turned on the pick up with no problem, the battery still had enough charge. Although I operated the cooler in low speed without using the small pump, I tested it in high speed and pump and it also worked fine. So far so good. I did not liked that the cables to conect to the battery are short and the loop holes are very tiny, so you have to improvise to conect it to the battery. Also it does not come with the lighter conection. Update. After a few uses it stopped working.
Absolute piece of garbage. I've never been more frustrated trying to asemble anything in my life. The pieces dont line up, and one of the pins is missing. Even with my entire body balanced on top of the peg, I couldn't get the rubber compressed down enough to get the pin through, and even if I had, the pin meant to hold it in place (one of which is missing) is litterally just a pin the sits in a hole without any tension or resistance to keep it in place. It would have fallen out on the first ride. Also, the stitching on the seat is red, not white. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY OR TIME.
Installed them 4 months ago. One of the tires needs air. Cannot remove the cap on this or 2 of the other tires.
Don't fit properly glad they were cheap.
This is a falsly advertisement by a bogus site/retailer. Amazon needs to check out Rogue River Tactical. I Gave it one star because I was required to give a star rating. Initially no Stars were selected on purpose.
Please don't buy. The hook up to the power block is just horible. One set of lights only does red
Very disappointed it was about 2 inches short it said fits Honda 2017-2018 but it doesn't. Wish I had read the other review.
Purchased 3 of the. Cables to reach from rear glass to the battery. Only 2 cables worked. No place in my order to contact seller about replacing the bad cable
Clip is smaller than OEM, they also don't expand nearly as well as the original and don't have a relief cut into them for easy removal... Half the installed clips have fallen out in less than 500 miles so I guess that relief isn't really needed. These are far less superior that the OEM clips. Buyer beware, you get what you pay for...
After using 1 month and it is completely worn out !
Never receive this item. I receive a second part of the order, two lether key protectors but not a key chain.
Bought this switch worked for 6 month not working anymore
Bulb won't create enough suction to siphon. Hoses fit snug but the bulb is too soft to create enough pressure fast enough to create a flow from suction. Piece of junk plastic going into the recycle bin. Going with a better brand.
This thing does not tell you which app to download. I turned it on in range of WiFi and it would not connect regardless of which of the 3 apps I used. Thought that buying a cheap product was the way to go... you get what you pay for. In an age of cheap technology, it is astonishing that it comes with so little information. I am a reasonably tech savvy individual, and the fact that I can't figure it out speaks to the low quality of the product. DO NOT BUY!
This device is not efficient. In my opinion the suction power is too weak. Maybe it is not bad to vacuum a toy car.
I'm trying to see what do I need to do they sent me the wrong coil
I was happy with this cover to begin with but after less than two months it has torn. I tried contacting Amazon and Leader Accessories about the two year warranty and each company tells me to contact the other. Communication with Leader Accessories is not good. No call back and email is lacking all professionalism.
I have not received my product. It was next day delivery so have been here Monday it's now Wednesday.
The battery clip broke on the first use. Very disappointing!
I bought this to replace the factory latch on my 1999 dodge 2500. Super easy to install and worked great when installed........ than after driving for about 2 weeks I looked back through the rear view mirror and saw it snapped at the hinge. I NEVER EVEN HAD THE CHANCE TO USE IT!
Lasted less then 6 months before it started leaking. Mainly highway driving. Had to go with the cheaper option because I was in a bind. Now I'm regretting it. Going to have to tear it all down again and swap a better one. The section on this page about the warranty just tells you to contact the seller for warranty information. Then they explain that you have to ship out your core to enable the warranty. So just purchasing this item does not guarantee you a warranty you have to ship out the old one. I didn't Know this, and judging by some questions asked neither did they. Like someone else stated. " Hot garbage "
Like many reviewers have already commented - manufacturing or quality assurance, or both to fault. Attached female end to bike tire and there was an immediate leak at the hose crimp to Schrader valve junction. I tried squeezing the crimp, and 'turning' the Schrader valve to improve the interface to no avail. Will ask for a new unit once to see if I can get a good one (since reviews seem to be hit or miss), and if not, I'll just shoot for a refund and look for an alternative. If I get a good one, I'll update the review.
Put them on my 2008 jeep grand Cherokee because I put slightly oversized tires and only have had these spacers on my jeep for one month and driving home today I noticed when I got home all were loose and one broke off on driver's side front! All lug nuts were torqued properly and rechecked after the first day all brand new lug nuts! Not sure why this happened and why one is broken! Very dangerous and concerning! Now i need replacement studs.. disappointed! My wife drives this car every day with children in the car but luckily she wasn't driving it today!
I don't know who would have a 36" waist with legs that skinny. I do not have huge legs but these jeans are made for chicken legs.
Key didn't even work or remote don't even waste time on the purchase
items does not works
I ordered one of these which had a couple of cracks in the plastic housing due to poor packaging but the mechanic advised it was minor and to get it installed anyway. It had a defective diode in it - flattened the car battery completely overnight. It took 2 weeks and $400 for my mechanic to trace the fault. I ordered a replacement, which arrived with the electrical connector broken off completely, and some more cracks in the plastic housing. The packing is totally inadequate - arrived with no shipping box, just the retail box and zero padding. I returned the 2nd one, bought a unit locally for $300 and paid another $300 to get it fitted.
Was not what I expected. Did not clear up the odors.
this part went in without issue. the fit is fine, but the latch is made of cheap plastic, much too soft for the application. So of course, a few months later it snapped and I now need to take the time find a more durable handle , rip my door apart again and install the new one. Save yourself the extra time and money and do not buy this inexpensive but fatally flawed item.
Shorted out and would not disconnect battery after 1 on and off switch. Almost started a fire. Complete garbage.
Did not work at all on f450 2016
I specifically ordered this mirror because we were looking for a 1.5" or smaller diameter. In actual fact, the overall diameter of just the mirror itself is 2", without the bezel.
I was looking forward to having this battery today for my Prius to use the Prius on a road trip for the holidays, I waiting for this battery all day and it showed up damaged with the negative terminal post bent and broken. No I will have to use a rental to get to my destination in a rental to get back home. This is very disappointing as I ordered this battery with plenty of time to have it delivered precisely today and installed today.
Product itself is fine with 1 exception. It is advertised to fit a 2 5/16 coupler. It fits this size coupler EXCEPT it is VERY easy to pry off with a cheap screw driver because the fit is so loose.
Ever since I fixed this in my car it has been disturbing making a mess ,even after dusting all the hair,I can no longer eat or drink in my car without drinking some of the hair
Very thin material, does not work as intended.
did not even make it 30 day before taking a crap would never buy again
Had to make brackets to mount. The seals for the screws are cracked and falling apart what ever paint or chemicals this thing is made out of bleeds through the paint and ruins the paint job had it painted twice same results. Just junk
Item was not delivered and returned to sender, still waiting on details and whether I'll get a refund! Should have read the review first before ordering!
Before I open the box, it says it fits 2015 and 2016 F150 ford trucks. I ordered to fit a 2017 F150. Is the box right or wrong? Please advise.
THE TOWELS WERE DINGY WE COULD NOT USE THEM
Came bent, then when you apply it leaves residue all around the decal. After a week the clear coating of the decal was gone and it looked terrible.
Doesn't fit snug like on the picture... messy deal, easy to rip sheer material which you can't see from the pic... smh
Driver side of light bar flickers. I haven't sent it back yet because of course id have to remove it.
Does not fit, pieces of crap...don't buy
Add said it fit a 2007 Ram 1500 and when they arrived it wasn't even close. I ended up have to pay for return shipping. I would never buy again from this company
I don't recive the product and I wrote 3 times no one responded,
Doesn't work for hard water spots and damaged my ceramic coating, causing swirl marks while using. Not worth it. Just use a waterless wash to protest your coating.
Not OEM size, leaks at the lever when engaged
Never got it and received a refund
it would not accept the code
Broke soon as I put it in my car!
Broke with minimal torque.
caps would not even screw on to my valve stems, the threads did not seem to be machined right - total garbage!!!! DONT BUY!!!!!!
Not happy...zipper broke the night I put it on. Keeps catching and skipping when try to use it. Would recommend a heavy duty zipper...cab enclosed itself is fine
Purchased June 4th and one bulb burned out today on July 27th stick to a name brand
Taking way to long to get. Still waiting
WASN'T aware it had to be set up by a PROFESSIONAL, so it sits in a box. in our state it's not that easy to find someone to do it.
Did not fit Ford Escape as advertised. Threw away. Don't waste your money.
These don't work. Don't pay any attention to all these good reviews, they're most likely fake, because out of this pack of 20, I've currently gone through 6 or 7 just trying to find ONE that works. These do not work.
They fell off after about a week of driving. I regret purchasing this item
Doesn't work unless you take it out and hold plastic together.
Bought this product to remove sunscreen stains on a leather couch. This product moved the stain around to a bigger area but did nothing to remove it. I later called an independent cleaner to see if he could help and learned 2 things: 1. he could, and did, remove the stain 2. he recommended I toss the product immediately as it's "awful".
We opened this today and tried to use it and it did the opposite of what it's supposed to do
Followed the instructions closely and didn't work at all. Chip turned a milky color and is more visible than before.
I loved everything about this product but we could never put it on the van, because it smelled like dead fish. We hung it outside for a couple of days but couldn't get this smell out and had to return it. Awful!!!
Used this for a cross country trip and everything was wet when we arrived. Two very expensive down sleeping bags were totally ruined. Very unhappy. There should be a flap to cover the zipper, instead you are expected to not fill the bag to capacity and use the extra room to fold over the zipper. Not a good design, needs to be waterproof while filling to capacity, otherwise what's the point? Also all the connectors and D-rings are made of plastic, we didn't feel comfortable knowing how strong the wind was so we had to use ratchet straps, making it a huge pain to get inside the bag if we needed to, so we didn't.
Once installed per the instructions the shades did not allow for windows to be completely rolled up. Do not pirchase for a 2016 Ford F150
It heats up slowly. The wire is too short for the second-row seats.
Worthless. Doesn't stick. I want my money back.
After only 8 months this kit failed. Looks to be the spindle O-rings because I am now getting oil into the cold side of my Turbo
I ordered 2 items for seat covers.I ordered 2 because I didn't know if an order contained 2 or 1 seat cover. I needed 2. Turned out there were 2 seat covers per order. When I tried to return one, I was told I could keep the item and be refunded 40 %. I don't want to keep it, I want a full refund. I was not aware this was not an Amazon item. I would not recommend this merchant.
1 month into owning these, the center speaker tray mat, console mat, and over glove box rim piece have all started to shrink/wrinkle from the heat of being inside a vehicle. its only a matter of time until the rest of them go at this point...
It was not what I ordered. All black with no red
This part is not for a sonata i can tell you that. Wasted money buying it and it does not go to my sonata.
Ordered in September for my new 2018 F-150. Liked them till I recently realized the coating is peeling off already. I'm a female driving this truck. It's cared for and not driven rough. Very disappointed!
Totally deceiving! Thought I was getting 4 guns and I got one. What a rip off
I got this for use in my 1 ton truck while towing. Waste of time and money. Terrible for long drive. Cushion is too hard, too small and too short under legs, creates pressure point under thigh. I'm 5' 9" 175lbs so not really that big. Very uncomfortable.
Did not work for my application
Poor quality control. Major flaw on surface area. Sent it back.
Product failure causing low rail pressure, this should not be happening with a fuel filter.
The sticker did not come off the paper and letters tore when they should not have.
I ordered this item since i was going on a 5 day motorcycle trip and wanted something that I could carry my full face helmet and my half helmet in. I never ended up using the full face helmet. Good thing too. As the netting for for the helmet area is already coming loose from the elastic area in multiple places. I would not recommend as I know the helmet area is not going to last very long. Other than that it is just a small backpack that I could have gotten at any walmart for much cheaper. Not well sewn at all. Just glad it held up long enough for me to get back home and didnt drop my helmet somewhere on the dragon or the highway.
Total crap. Didnt bond the way it should have.
Was mislead, it is not front floor mats like it Said just a hump mat. I should have read reviews â˜¹ï¸â˜¹ï¸
DO NOT BUY!!! It didn't work and I regret taking a chance with this....
Don't buy these lights! One light I couldn't adjust so had to rig it up to point at the road right. Not even installed for 24 hours and went to the car wash all 4 lights have condensation in them. I've bought multiple lights off amazon and have never had a set this horrible. Very disappointed.
Broke the same day. Low quality.
These worked for the first 5 months and are now fading in and out. I am really disappointed because I loved how they looked but was really hoping they would hold up for longer than a few months.
Product didn't fit my vehicle very disappointing I went to try to return it they wanted me to pay for shipping bull shit I'll just throw it in the garage. People should never buy anything from these people they don't stand behind there product other wise they wouldn't charge you for something that don't fit your vehicle
I ordered these for my HRV, but to my disappointment they do not fit perfectly. There is a gap between the mat and the rear cupholder. Even though it is a small gap, it is still large enough for feet to get the carpet dirty. These floor mats also don't go very far towards the front seats. I'm afraid that anyone sitting in the back that extends their legs even a little bit will get their shoes all over the carpet.
I replaced my RV Scare Light on my Rockwood RV. It fit great and looked just like the old one. Was good and bright but bulb burned out in just a few days of use. I took to long to install the thing and by the time it broke it was past the return date. So I ordered another one just like it hoping it was just a defective bulb. Not. It did the same thing, bulb burned out after a couple of days. I took it apart to see the bulb so I could replace just the bulb and when I took the 1156 led bulb out it was brittle and the little led pads just fell off. Terrible bulbs. If you buy this light order some decent bulbs. Two premium ones with 1000 lumens cost me another $18.
The channel vents I bought for my wife's car are wrong ones. I just got to the time to install them . I ordered one for a 2018 Highlander . I don't understand how u sent the wrong one's.
I needed the right-angle plug, but I had to replace the fuse, and found impossible to remove in one piece. The fuse's glass cylinder brake apart, and had to be picked out with tweezers, or miniature needle-nose pliers. I made the mistake of testing whether the 2nd fuse could be pulled out without breaking. The 3rd fuse also broke apart. I was away on a 6 week road trip, and missed the return window.
This cover is very light weight and somewhat water resistant. However, in 8 months of owning this cover and it going through winter and a summer, it has disintegrated! This cover does not hold up, it was not durable and it faded in the sun. Also it was too big for my car, despite ordering the cover for the dimensions of my car.
Did not last first snow storm ripped to shreds
One of the LED signal light is not working and trying to communicate to them by sending a video to proof that one of the product is not working but nobody reply me back...how can i give 5 star to the seller if one problem can't be solve...disappointed!!!!
Assumed because I bought a set of 24 I would get 24. Put the box on my work bench till next oil change and come to find out only had 16 in the box. Open and check your order when you get it.
Product didn't last 6 months. Absolutely ruined with road grime and look terrible. Will have to replace my hubcaps again now Notice there is no Chevy bowtie in the center. DO NOT BUY. Far from OEM
This doesn't fit on a 1992 Chevrolet Caprice. Looks like the right part, but it's much bigger.
I received this as a Christmas gift. and it started out being perfect. I'm a traveling PT and this kept everything I need organized. Unfortunately I've used it less than 3 months and the strap has broke and it no longer works for me. Very disapointed.
I do not recommend this coat or seller to anyone. It is not as described. The sizing is incorrect. If you purchase this coat you will be very disappointed. I have been in return/refund process ever since the 11th of December 2017. The customer service is horrible. I was charged for the purchase within minutes to my bank account. But as it turned they were not as prompt in the refund owed to me. I PROMPTLY FOLLOWED THE PROPER RETURN POLICY PROCESS BUT THEY CERTAINLY DID NOT.!! I STRONGLY WARN ALL BUYERS TO STAY AWAY FROM THIS SELLER.!!
The crank lever snapped off 3rd time using it. They won't replace.
"Universal" is a joke - didn't fit on any of the windows to either of our cars (Vue/Altima) and the lack of a way to hold it down against the door frame means it won't keep bugs out, which is what we were hoping to use it for.
These wipers are not strong enough to work properly. They do not have enough rigidity to maintain downward pressure, so they squeal, squeak and streak. I have never had any issues with any store-bought wipers on my current vehicle that I've owned for 5 years (which is why I was willing to try these in the first place). I believe the fatal flaw lies in the gimmick of them being easy to replace the rubber blade, they just aren't well enough made. There's a reason you've never heard of this brand. They are knock-off, cheaply made junk and no store would risk it. Stick to the name brands, the price here really is too good to be true. Another thing: most of these 5 star reviews are fake. Look at the 3 posted on July 30th, they all have the same strange "voice" and all fail to put any space after punctuation. (So.they.look.like.this,weird,huh?) It's too bad Amazon reviews are so easy to manipulate, this site is now full of knock-off, cheap Chinese made junk that is at the top of all searches yet somehow all have amazing reviews. Lesson learned, I won't be trusting another highly rated, seems too good to be true product from a no-name brand on Amazon again.
The sticky tape did not adhere whatsoever to the ignition cover. I took the double sided tape off after making sure the intended surface was clean and dry and pressed it against the surface. When I removed my fingers the product simply fell off.
They were great at first. Then one got all spotted and tarnished. Then the other one followed suit. Not recommended unless you don't mind buying new ones every 4 months or so.
Will be returning just because they didnt fit.. The color was as exactly as described and if they fit i would gladly keep them one negative is the steering wheel cover does not fit tbe steering wheel at all. The pattern was also. Inconsistent and blocky looked really cheap.
Zebra slot canyon in Escalate UT had some water so I came prepared to keep my hiking boots dry. I put them on and went in and felt my boots getting wet. Backed out took them off and inspected my boots. Sure enough water coming in perhaps zipper. So took my boots and socks off and just wore these things. well they both leaked and filled with water. It was like walking with water balloons on my feet. They had puncture holes in the toe area of one boot and every step water squirted out the top of them. everyone laughed including myself. I am sure they are good for something. perhaps its raining and you have a long walk to the office building, they might work.
Overall, I like Rain-x wiper blades; but, the mounting clips were not strong enough for the application. They did an excellent job in rain but failed at clearing heavy snow. The clips broke when snow slid off roof and wipers attempted to clear it. The plastic mounting clip broke, I think, because the mount location was too high above the blade center line.
Wont do business with them again didn't receive item was told I need to take it up with ups, didn't offer any help or refund for the item they sold and shipped!
Defected Lights does not even match description !!! Waiting on my refund.
Horrible packing. Had 2 damaged bulbs visible already. Did not bother to open the packet. Do not buy. Would not give even 1 star
First off Throttle cable didnt fit My Honda Recon Trx 250 2000. And when I hooked up the carburetor and got it running, gas kelp coming out the over flow tube.
Didn't work for my 2002 tahoe disappointed
This items description is wrong. This is described as a 1â€ ball, but it is actually a 1.5â€ ball.
One broke with bike about 1 inch off ground, set both back can't trust
I never leave reviews, but I was so disappointed with the product and support I had to make others aware. The threads from the aluminum handle stripped out making the tool useless. Very light weight. Waited over 5 days to hear back from the seller and nothing. Look elsewhere if your looking for something that will last.
Seller said two week after I ordered that it was damaged and they couldn't ship. They couldn't grab another one to send I guess.
Just purchased this since I seen so many good reviews. After testing it, I noticed that is it underpowered and the material is not good quality. Feels like cheap plastic and will not last long. The worst part is that the PSI is not accurate. I compared the PSI to two other gauges and this was 6 PSI over what my gauges were showing. DO NOT BUY. Wish I can return it but it is pass 2 weeks.
Flimsy and did not fit 2017 CRV very well for a supposedly genuine honda part. Went to dealership, paid more for heavier duty, perfectly fit product. It's true, you get what you pay for
Well, crap. I ordered taupe to match my interior and they sent black. Really??!! How hard is it to get the color right? I hate it when someone's negligence and inability to read an order causes me more work. Very disappointed.
I applied this sticker to the back windshield of my truck. Within a few weeks it started disintegrating around the edges. Now it looks like it's 15 years old after only a few months.
Unfortunately this item only fits the large BMW decal. It will not fit the decal on the tires or the rear decal.
Did not work for my Altima despite me entering the correct model and amazon saying it would. Locksmith was only able to get it to start vehicle.
after professional install , one day later I have 4 dead leds,,, I guess you get what you pay for...
Very disappointed these would have fit perfectly if the size was accurate. Says multiple time with a picture that it is 4 inches but os really 4.5 inches.
Product does not fit XC90 as advertised. The plug portion at the top is much bigger and the stick itself is almost 6 inches longer than stock. Item also does not qualify for return. Quite upset with this purchase. Buy once cry once and just get a replacement at the dealer.
chip in keys could not be programed or cloned tried subaru & two lock smiths
When putting this on our trailer one of the top straps ripped off when tightening it down. And when we grabbed the side to straighten the cover over the top it ripped a huge hole in it. Product material reminds me of disposable kitchen towels. Since our trailer is in the mountains 2 hours away from our home we left it on the trailer because something is better than nothing. The shape and size of the cover is great, it's the material that is a disapointment . I sure hope it protects our trailer from the snow and rain this winter.
This was folded at the ends and shrink wrapped for shipping, you can't fold a bumper cover. Maybe the shipping department needs to know this. Otherwise it would of been an awesome purchase.
I know why they give you extra gems in a bag, Even before I opened the box two of the screw caps had gems missing on them. the plate seem ok but NOT THE SCREW CAPS... Sad in Ontario CA I guess I won't waste my time in putting the screw caps on because if the gems fall off that easy I sure they will ALL be off in no time...
Arrived broken. Was obviously packed in the broken state because the rest of the handle wasn't even in the box. Disappointed.
HORRIBLE HORRIBLE PRODUCT started leaking after about 3 weeks of driving BAD PART ALMOST BLEW MY ENGINE HAD TO REPLACE WITH OEM PART AMAZON NEEDS TO STOP SELLING THIS PART
Don't waste your time and money on this. We ended up having to replace AGAIN days later. Invest in quality parts.
Waterproof. No not at all. Installed on my sons ATV and the first time he washed it the lens fogged up with water on the inside and the light would not come on. took a week to dry out so i figured maybe the grommet where the wire goes in the housing might be leaking some. Silicone it up tighter than a frogs butt and still the lens fogged up the next wash. You get what you pay for in this case.
Beware, this item is not returnable. The seller has no information on returns and Amazon will not take it back. Both frames arrived badly bent (shipped in an envelope). Shame on Amazon for not being more clear that this purchase is a crap shoot...
Shit product but it's my fault for buying something so cheap. Wanted it to match my UTV so wanted a red color. I didn't even use them because when you tug on them to get out of the UTV the stitching rips and the plastic locks do not stay tight. I threw them away.
Didn't even get the sticker. Contacted seller and the ignored me.
Cheapest harness ever. Do not buy! I had to just re-wire my lights because harness was not working. Thin wiring.
You get what you pay for..
Cord broke off at the panel.
If you buy a product it will not fit your machine correctly if you send it back they will only issue partial refund. Absolutely not buying again from these people buyer beware I suppose
Just received the product. Thr box it came in was in perfect condition, but the shaft was warped (from the factory), making it unusable. I will be returning this product immediately after finishing this review.
This hitch will not stay in! Comes with no instructions and a zip tie? Basic install install till in clips in, or I thought? Fell out after only 2hrs in! I didn't put zip tie on as it didn't say anything about a zip tie plus you would have to cut and replace every time you installed hitch?!?!?!? Crazy stupid don't waste money get one that uses pin!
Piece of plastic that melts if your tires don't catch the first time! Waste of money, totally trendy and for the mall crawlers. Better used as a shovel than a traction board.
Very cheaply made, but I should have known by the price, I will give them to some kid not my Fiat!!!!
No way it's going to last a year. I got it less than 3 months and smears are occurring now.
It doesn't have a battery to charge portable. You have to plug in the walls.
Definitely trash, very poor design to use plastic clamps, and mine have broken as others have mentioned. They broke on the second use, and while I could buy new clamps and go through the hassle of installing them, it is just a little more money to buy a whole new set from a different company.
Hood would not close
These lights are a waste of money. They either fail out of the box or start flickering after a few days. Poor quality unless you want your license plate to have strobe lights.
The tray arrived with the corner broken.
Broke after 1 month, no longer powers on at all. Only a few days after the return window closed.
Worked great until the screw sheared off inside my antenna port.
They are fantastic.....if they would actually fit over the Engine Bar.......The Screw is too SHORT to clamp it together.....So I bought one from Harley......I will say that they look great......
I should have listened to all the other negative comments. This part is truly trash. Bought in July and it has now completely failed. Noticed problems since the first day I installed this part. Don't waste your money on this people.
I have not put it in. I was warned it could destroy sensors.
This purchase was a HUGE disappointment. It looked nice and was easy to install, but it literally worked one time. I do not recommend this product.
I purchased this product 2 months ago. Upon inspecting the items they look comparable to the actual Polaris tail scrubber. I installed the scrubber on my Polaris and after about two weeks it came off and was in the bottom of the pool. I put it back on but noticed it was a very loose fit. It came off again by the next day. I installed another new tail scrubber and it only lasted about to weeks before coming off. I had a new actual Polaris tail scrubber that was still in the package. Upon comparing the product the actual Polaris is a denser foam and has a smaller hole in the center so it fits tighter. I installed the actual Polaris and is been on a month now with no problem. I will not purchase this product again.
This don't work in my Chevy cobalt SS
Bought a freecom 4 duo but got the freecom 2 even when the box clearly reads freecom 2. A barcode saying the opposite doesnt change it!
Installed in January was shot by March. Contacted seller and they said to ship it back at my expense! After a few days of being pissed off they refunded part of my money instead of me shipping it. Will NEVER buy again
Poor quality - DO NOT RECOMMEND BUYING THESE! I was unable to install a bulb transferred from current OEM light assembly to these lights - TWICE. First shipment was returned for this problem; second shipment returning for the same problem. Bulb will not seat (bulb flange interferes with screw boss on ass'y) without force / coercion. Even if you can get it to finally seat, you cannot turn it completely to lock in place. Gland for bulb o-ring is rough and inconsistently chromed leading me to suspect it would not have given good seal and eventually fogged the lights.
I was sent the wrong ones twice. I ordered Nissan and received Mercedes twice. Think very hard before using this company. They have no exchange option this time. VERY UNHAPPY
low wattage light does not travel far at all
No hardware included. Should have read the reviews before I ordered. Frame wasn't even in it's packaging when i received it, just bouncing around in the shipping box with no hardware. Lesson learned.
Too small it doesn't fit regular size license plate
The circuit trips even with just a shop vac plugged in. the retraction broke after 6mo use. Then the cord pulled all the way out. Got tired of taking it apart and patching it back together so good luck if you go this brand.
It's to short and does not fit in my Jeep YJ
My car is BMW 535i ,It doesn't fit at all, I throw it in the trash can right away!!!
Broke, not able to remove factory installed wiper arm.
Worked well a few times but now it leaks.
What is the brown stuff in bottom of oil jug.
These brackets suck they do not fit right for wht size light bar they say to use and plus it makes the light bar stick out forward way to much very disappointed
It worked for the first week or two then gradually got worse. Now buttons wont work. I will be asking for a refund.
Received with one of the plastic hooks missing and try me button doesn't work. It looks like this was returned previously. Returning for a refund. Total disappointment!
The picture makes them look a lot nicer than they are. They came bunched up and very wrinkly, I didn't dare iron them. They also don't fit my seats very tight. The color is great.
Did not fit well for my truck
There was nothing in the package; empty package!
DOES NOT fit a 2011 Prius
Bulbs were marketed as purple and I purchased and came in pink. Do not buy if you want purple. Seller never returned my question about rectifying is issue.
broke after two days installed in truck
The lights kept fading in and out. Can't get this thing to perform properly
Way to small. It was a joke and a waste of money. I even asked if it fits my truck.
put them in my truck and they wouldn't work. put the old style back in to make sure it wasnt the wiring. sure enough the old ones lit up. tried the led's again and still didnt work.
I don't know where this was shipped from but it has taken way to long, I would have never ordered it if I would have known, I believe they should tell you how long it will take before you order it then you wont be waiting so long,
Does not come in Holley packaging, are not Holley springs, buy the ones that are sold and shipped by Amazon.
So Iam in the EXACT Same Predicament as previous Reviews have stated.. One of the ball joints came in the standard yellow moog original box.. However the second one came in an All White box with a small moog sticker.. Heres the problem the second one is NOT BRAND NEW IT LITERALLY WAS DIRTY AND QUITE CLEARLY WAS LESS THAN PERFECT REFURBISHED SUB STANDARD GARBAGE..
I have not received it yet after a month and a half. If you are going to deal with china I suggest you let people know they won't received the product in a long time.
This parts never received more than one month now.....I'm very disappointed need refund asap.
Advertisement for this product is deceptive. NO...it is not applicable for a full size truck. It is too smalle. I returned it.
The part number was different than what was photographed. The gasket on the Thailand manufactured B part number that was delivered was notably different than the OEM oil filter that was previously installed by the dealership.
Poor quality paint fades and rust fast rubber grommets rotted off in a month. Doubt it will hold advertised weight
Not as advertised and does not fit my Fob key.
This does not fit a 2009 dodge ram 1500 crew cab. Hard to put on and is not flat with bumper. Had to buy extra long screws.
Would have rated higher but either the company or UPS or amazon could not get it delivered as promised very very bad experience
This thing worked okay the first time after they basically fall over every time I try to put my boat on top my Element. The racks are nothing but frustrating to use so your money is better spent on something more useful. The worst part, I was trick into buying them by the five star reviews. Only to discover after I received this item, they bribe you into giving them a five star review with â€œfreeâ€ gift.
Bought in May, replacing in August. The line broke and bulb full of cracks.
Not the same as the picture advertised..
l should have read reviews if there is way to remove key after you lock it wasent disclosed mind you its not hard for me to remove a key from a lock but with this gas cap lock impossible
Does not work. Leaks heavily.
Amazon and Curt website say "Made in USA", but the product is clearly marked "Made in China". I'm not sure if the listing is incorrect or if this is a Chinese knockoff.
Didn't work, but by the time I got it to my driver and she was able to have it installed, it was too late to return. I guess it will go to the electronics recycling pile.
Product will work.. but for how long? For the time that is needed to install you are better off getting a higher quality product.
I am so disappointed with this seller. I have ordered this order THREE TIMES. One out of the three times i got the right part. ONE! I had to return that weird piece once already, and now the same thing happened. I dont even know what the problem is but i wish if the seller saw this could do something about it because it is ridiculous at this point Do not buy from here
Do not purchase this product cheap and mine arrived dead on arrival. Amazon does not allow return for this defective item so I lost $20 don't buy
Worked for 5 minutes now does not work and there is a no return policy.
I can't give a review because item was never received but Amazon says it was delivered.
Doesn't charge after one week
Very disappointed in this product. I won't review till I have used the product and all I can say is don't waste your money. I order this for using at my daughters house and it was terrible. I had to get up during the night and blow it back up. It made for a very sleepless night.
If you live anywhere that sees even a little bit of wind, do not buy this product... It will be torn within a few months. We have seen 10-15 kt winds off and on for a few months and this cover is shredded. Total waste of money.
Wrong color I ask for red and I got white very dissatisfied
Be careful, this product is not universal. After following all instructions and testing, I put into my gas tank. Due to the thickness of my gas tank (about 3/4 inch), the arm couldn't articulate. The pivot was too high so it only moves until the arm hit the side of the sending unit hole. Basically, the float is forced to stay under the gas and read as empty. If you have a thick tank buy a different sender.
Bought pump and installed with no issues. Generator fired up and ran great. I have since put approx 15 hours on the generator and the pump has failed. Unfortunately my return window has closed and I am left with a $35 paperweight. My advise is to pay the additional money and purchase the oem Onan pump.
only half the buttons work. one from auto zone was more expensive but worked correctly. this was disappointing product.
I can not pin the ribbon on
Order two. Only got one. They said they would send me the second one. This was back in October. I'm still waiting.
We purchased this by mistake and immediately cancelled. It was shipped anyway and we were charged. When we returned from vacation it was to late to return. So don't order from this company!!
Harness did not work for my Jeep Compass electrical canbus system. Lights turned off and on with harness for led lights
Same exact part number as the ones I had before but the teeth were too long and would not go in. Each one broke any way you try and put them in
It wasn't cotton anything it was like mesh gym clothes fabric, and it wasn't anywhere near an adult size.
One of the lights stopped working in less than a month. Worked fine while it did.
I followed the instructions of use to the letter and it steamed and left marks on some of the plastics on my motorcycle! Don't know what the fuss is all about with this product. My sample was crap and I am unable to return the balance for some of my money back. AVOID this product!
Cheap piece of junk doesn't work. Plastic components doesn't even blow water
I wish I read the reviews before I bought these. As mentioned in other reviews, the drivers side headlight is not correctly keyed so the 9007 bulbs will not securely mount into the housing without modification. Also, I had all the lights in after hours of labor and when I finally went to adjust the lights the adjustment mechanism broke. Luckily I still had the factory housings and was able to use the adjustment mechanism off of them. Don't rely on this though because the lights are decades old and the plastic will be brittle. All I had to do was take everything apart again and reassemble. Also, don't forget to buy yellow bulbs for the parking lights. If you buy this product after reading this or the other review, it's at your own risk. You'll be spending a few hours of your time putting these in. Knowing what I know now, I would have paid double the price if it meant doing the job right the first time.
Used one time and stopped working. Friend bought the same one and burnt up his wiring.
Poor quality. Stiching is pulling out. Can't return it so I must throw it away after only three months.
I had high hopes for this brace, but I am not impressed. It seemed to have reasonably good build quality until I attempted to install it. The holes for the barring would not line up. I had to drill them out to make it fit. No instructions were included. I've done this before so it's not a big deal, but for someone who hasn't done it, it could be. I received confirmation that my package was delivered on time, but the only thing that was delivered was a letter stating my package would come latter. It did finally come, a week latter. After I altered the holes for the barring, it works. I would definitely not purchase this product again. Buy a different brand.
These don't work on a Mini Cooper. I still get the error message but I just clear it and keep driving. It would be nice it they told you it didn't work on Minis.
Not a good pair of tweezers. They are cheap, I should have known. Light works okay.
It didn't fit the car described and then I was charged to return it
I'm and ASE tech at a local dealership. This is my third Curt controller installed in a new truck. The lights on dial seems to have a mind of there own. even with no trailer hooked up on my 2017 Chevy Silverado the led seem to light up in random positions. and different colors. makes me wonder if there in an internal short
After 2 weeks the abs light came on. After investigating the issue it was the wheel bearings. Not recommended by me.
Completely snapped off after just a week.
Really wanted one with a standard plug to replace former one. Thos has uncommon plug and must be completely re ran to head unit
This was a failure right out of the packaging. I bought this to set up a telescope but this stupid device won't point north. no matter how you hold it . Save your money and buy a better unit.
Product never arrived... was sent a picture of boxes on my porch in stead of an actual delivery... have cameras so no one stole anything... just wasn't in any of the packages and there's no "got screwed by the warehouse" button.
I bought this drinks to go cupholder and was disappointed. I instead purchased the almost identical Chubby Cupholder which was much much better. The Chubby Cupholder has built in rubber on the clamp and once installed it won't move. The Drink to Go cup holder has plastic on the clamp and will slide all over. The Chubby Cupholder profile is straight along the profile allowing many different cups to fit. The Drink to Go cupholder has a curved piece of plastic that will limit the number of cups it will accept. The Chubby Cupholder is only a couple bucks more expensive, but it has a better build quality and is more useful because it allows for a wider range of cups to fit. This Drinks to Go cupholder is a waste of money until they correct the design flaws.
Very stiff. Didnt look good trying to loop on holder.
put this on my mothers ACURA MDX. she was complaining her old PS unit on the acura was hard to turn. so i put this on. its super loud whine! sigh...Amazon sending a replacement. will put the on see if the whine goes away. then will update my review
I have seen multiple reviews everyone claiming it works it works, but for me it did not work for small scratches.
Had me and 2 of my buddies try to install it. Ruined the whole thing in like 2 minutes. Would not recommend. Best to just leave wrapping to the professionals
Missing the white insert of grip. This was the piece we actually needed. Returning
One burned out in only six months.
Cheap! One won't switch from hi/low. Very disappointed. Now I have to tear headlights apart again.
This pump has failed is there warranty on it?
Very disappointed, falls apart too easily. Might work if the ends are glued on. I haven't bothered with trying that yet, just took them out of my car & put them on the shelf for now.
Works great and handy to keep in the trunk. Update used 4 times and it's dead won't inflate anything.
one splash of saltwater and these stopped working wast of time and money
Complete garbage, Don't waste your money. Broke within a few pulls
The product does not work half the time. The lights do not always come on to direct the car to a proper position. Maybe I received a defective one with a bad sensor. I could not recommend the product based on my experience with it.
does not work in either of my cars - Honda accord or Camaro.
on/off - zero button fell out, would arbitrary turn on before that
Doesn't come with screws and normal size screws don't fit. I'd have paid extra for having screw that fit included. Instead they're sitting here 4 months after purchase, unable to be used.
The dispute is less with the product and more with amazon! I ordered the parts ahead of time so that I could install them when their service is required. Which I am doing right this second. As I attempt to put the new shoes on I see that amazon has shipped the wrong size despite their app recognizing them as the right fit for my vehicle. The return window is closed and I am stuck with a torn apart vehicle and no finances to acquire a new set at this time. Thanks for ripping me off and screwing me over!
Part was similiar to OEM, but was not the same. Black piece was different and did not slide up into place. Tab broke off upon installation. Had to use original black piece with new gray handle and zip tie into place. Dissapointed to say the least since I was trying to fix my Father-in-Law's truck.
Worked about 30 seconds,, then blowed fuse, won't work at all
Cracked it right off the bat within 20 mins of use
I have never been able to use this since I called every week for over a year during their business hours to get help configuring this thing. I have never gotten through to anyone. I have left multiple voice mails. I wouldn't buy from them again.
Nice, but doesn't fit well. Shipping is almost $100 to return. Contacted seller without response. Think before you order.
This is not certified products approved by Hyundai dealer.
Stopped working within moments out of the box. I ordered this for my side-by-side so grandkids could make some noise.
It is not as expected.The first day I tried to secure it with the provided string, the nylon cord used to string the beads stretched and now looks defective and as if the beads will eventually slip out of place.This is not a good purchase.It also does not stay on the seat.It slides off everytime.I really wanted a beaded cushion as it feel good on my back and thigh that is why I ordered but this is not the product for me.I thought the beads would be larger like one I saw in my friend's vehicle.Wrong product.I will return and hope to find one that suits my need
After only 4 weeks of use the speakers no longer work. Very poor quality would not recommend
Ordered 2, installed fine, worked for about 1 hour. Both failed.
Got pic that it was delivered....not sure whos house that is...but not mine...i have a brown wood door......
Fittment was horrible and color was more red then orange.
didn't last to long but not worth returning it
I received the order without any tools so I will return this order and try again. Maybe it was just a mistake in the shipping department.
These were way to small for my camper jacks. Returned this item.
Had these on my car for 3 days and one has already come off and is gone! So now I'm left driving with 3 hubcaps
It's October 11 and still have not received my decal
Poor design, had to modify for installation
Not bright enough at all to be led
My item was never delivered!
Very dissapointed deffective at arrival. Bu customer service was amazing.
The tapered fitting on the mount was not large enough to fit the shaft properly of my 1999 Jeep Wrangler visor.
Not only didn't it work, it fouled the coolant sensor on a car and actually made a snowmobile run hotter. Actually, snake oil probably would be more effective.
Adhesive is not conductive Glued the tab effectively but did not conduct I wedged wire between the tab and defroster to complete the circuit
Never received the product.
Came with wrong parts
Wrong color. Wanted dark gray, not light gray. Do you have a dark one that we may exchange it? Please advise. The photo looked dark gray.
Very low quality material. Received one and also looks used. DO NOT BUY!
They didn't fit on ly car
Used this part as a replacement and a week later it was clicking again. They send used or faulty actuators. Forgot to return this and just found it today
The fabric picks up everything from dirt to hair. Hard to get off. The fit is very loose
Difficult to install and unclear instructions. Pieces are sharp and cut your hands. After installation, felt flimsy, and plastic snapped while we were driving. Not recommended at all.
Ordered by mistake ( my mistake ). Sent them back when they arrived. And got no credit, got no explanation, got no lights either. Horrible transaction, company should be banned !
I never received the product. The communication was poor. I do not recommend this company.
Really unsafe.... Does not leave many threads left to tighten onto studs with.
Fasteners do not work on 06 MX5 (Miata) even though description says the are compatible. Also, I received an open packet that contained less than half the number of fasteners that were suppose to be sent. I don't recommend any one order even if they do fit as you may not receive the number of pieces advertised.
I received the vacuum today and decided to give it a try. I completed my vehicle and all worked Great. After i cleaned out the filter I decided to vacuum my other car and when I connected the vacuum no SUCTION!!! This product would be good if all worked.
Purchased one which was defective. They replaced quickly, but I wasn't able to get the new one, which was also defective, installed within the 30 return window had expired. Bought original OEM from Volvo, worked fine. Unfortunately I'm out the cost of the first pump. Lesson learned, DON"T BUT AFTERMARKET, you may pay in the end.
Definitely isn't what you expect when buying the product. Also couldn't even put on the back seat of my car because it didn't fit like it said it would. It started to rip and was almost to right on the front two seats. Highly disappointed in these items and won't buy again.
USB-C does not work, the company replaced the unit twice, ALL 3 plugs did not work for USB-C. It's a shame because this WOULD have been the perfect travel plug, very smart design, a great all-in-one if you don't have a need USB-C.
. bought 4 of these and they all leaked
Product did not work as stated lights flickered when you started the car like a police e car then they would work after being on for a few mins each one would flicker I would not recommend these if you own a BMW the Error cancellation does not work properly in the instructions booklet or says if you have a BMW, GMC you need to get extra resistors but there is no number to call & when you email the customer service Email no reply so this was a big mistake should have just went thru Headlight Revolution.
Will Click but does not pump, Warranty instructions are not available on the website and I missed the return window on Amazon.
Magnets very weak. One light fell off and broke first use. Also they do not have running lights. Only turn signal and brake lights
I don't recommend this product this is the inside of the sprayer and we have used interior Sherman Williams paint and clean properly after every use and now it is breaking loose and stopping up the sprayer.
Ordered on Received on Tuesday damaged Call customer service sent a new one received That one and that was also damaged Call Customer service they put me on hold for almost for hour still way for refund
This is not "subdued" colors. Last time I bought it, it was gray and black. This time its black and white and seems like much lower quality.
The product never arrived. The tracking says it was left in my mailbox however we have a secure mailbox with a code so I know it wasn't left there or stolen. The company did not respond to my email to rectify the situation. Horrible service.
Recieved with no instruction manual or warranty information. Mouting screws were supposed to be included and not there. Have not installed yet to see if it will work.boat batterys.
Do not buy this product does not work well and eventually you will be unable to reset it and it in no way hold the amperage that it's rated for
Driver's side light only works if the inner 'plug' is in a specific position. Obviously I can't rely on it not bouncing. Returning this product
Sprocket was wrong size it didn't fit my chain
Will not charge brand new 12v lawn tractor battery past 9.6V before it auto shuts off. Two units, months apart, same result. Would not recommend.
Broke in under 4 months.
It honestly takes skill to make a product this terrible. I decided to go the cheaper route and purchase this stero as a replacement for an outdated one. After trying to install this, I had these problems. The metal mount bracket doesn't fit, the plastic over the screen fell off almost instantly, the volume knob broke, the screen backlight is either non existent or broken as the screen looks like it came off a game boy classic. I think to make a less terrible product would of been easier. It's very impressive how bad of quality this garbage stereo is. If this was product is suppose to be a joke. Good job.
This was recommended for use with a product and it is not needed at all...and you can't return it.
Didn't even last 2 cars. The glue from the blue holder came apart. Like the size of the item just wish it was more durable
Ordered a Millenium Falcon and got this?!
I was sent a pair that was broken, asked for an exchange. They wanted me to cut my wires before sending me new ones, I had to convince them that driving st night without headlight 's is illegal. I finally got my replacement bulbs and they were used! They have rust on them and electrical lube. Filing a complaint with Amazon.
I got this for a 1989 KTM 600 I asked the company if it would fit. They said yes. So I ordered it. Once it good here I looked at it it it did not fit and it was too short. So I made a bracket so it would fit. I just shortened the distance between the foot lever and the cylinder. I got it on filled it up with fluid bled the brakes. The cylinder worked for a few min. I went for a ride to test it. It worked for me to stop at 1 stop sign. I ended up sailing through the next one because it stopped working. I got the bike back home and looked at the cylinder. The cylinder was leaking where the push-rod comes out of the bottom of the cylinder. Do not buy this. This master cylinder is a piece of crap.
Arrived without a carry bag. Looks like a well made mat otherwise.
Wrong bracket Probably have to figure out how to rebuild the bracket.
Makes a lot nosy, when i try to stop the car even louder
description did not match.
Brought September 2018 and now March 2019 they are not brought anymore. I can't even see at night looks like they are not even on I have to drive with my high beams on. They are useless. Don't waste your time with them buy different ones.
Junk clamp. Not correct size. Had exhaust leak.
Put on 74 GMC truck with a 350 in it. I had high hopes for these. Didn't tighten them too tight or too loose and even used the extended clamp thingys. And a few days later saw oil pooling under my truck. So off they came again and I RTV'd them onto the covers and put 'em back on the other day. I am kicking myself, shoulda just bought the cheap squishy FelPro ones and been good for another 10 years. The material is not soft, barely left an impression on the gasket, so I don't see how these would really seal all that well on the rougher cast iron edge of the head. Maybe they work better on machined surfaces and smooth aluminum covers, but they don't on older style engines. with sheet metal covers. And this is the first time I have ever had covers leak after replacing seals.
I would give zero if possible. This is what they shipped to me. Some one ripped it to pieces and returned it and they shipped it to me. This is not my return slip, this was in the package.
Wired backwards from factory..... On is actually Off which would allow for the key to fall out easier..... Waist of money!
VERY DISAPPOINTED in this purchase. I feel cheated out of my money. And I want it back. Sent me a blank disc. I cannot download or access anything. This is unacceptable. Would not recommend this seller.
No Room for factory mirrors. The top of the cab is too baggy. Too short in front. I am not very impressed with his Truck cover. The material seems kind of cheap.
Not what I was expecting, these are huge... Not for a half helmet don't waste you money if you are using a half helmet. They are already in the trash.
Product looked good, but twice I ordered matte black and received chrome caps on two separate occasions.
Do not buy for 2009 Aveo Does not work Must have OEM part
After receiving the battery I charged it up with a small Battery Tender. Worked great for 3 weeks. During those three weeks my KTM 950 Adventure started perfectly. Keep in mind I only road it 5 times during those 3 weeks. Well, that was the end of the battery. After that it never had the power to turn over the engine. I did all the research and everything was fine. The regulator was working great. I tried charging the battery again and it fully charged in about 20 min. I live in the tropics and so I don't have to deal with cold temps. This battery was basically worthless and it cost a fortune in shipping and taxes to import it. Watch the vids on Youtube and read other peoples warnings. This is not a good battery. If you bought one of them that is rated at 2 times the amount of CCA you need, then maybe it is. In the meantime walking due to a worthless battery is no fun.
Never responded to my emails, my item never showed up I would like my money back!
Try to return they wouldn't let me
I bought four of these for my Silverado. Two have gone out on the white, but still flash amber. This is after six months installed. I will be replacing these with brand name lights.
DiD not for my truck....by the time the shop I hired to install got back to me on these it was too late to return.
This switch does not work with 2008 Sonata as indicated.
This smell is awful... don't buy this product!!! It made us sick and nauseous!
Did not fit my 2012 Chevy malibu, useless need a size up
Color not as described
Antenna broke after 6 months. Came right out of its base.
Do not buy. Super cheap and crap material. Really hard to install; don't waste your MONEY!!! Instructions are ridiculous
Ordered for a 2018 Toyota Very poor fit and missing adhesive on all four vents 2 of the shades have cracked n broken after less then a month of installation
I need to know which direction I'm driving to keep from being completely lost.
The windshield showed up on time ,how ever the tint was very light not what I seen in the ad. Called the company direct and was told they have no control of the picture that gets posted. Then said I could send it back and for more money they would send another...i won't be dealing with that company any more ,very disappointed.
After one week with the Mishimoto secondary radiator installed both drain plugs began to leak!!
Poor design, doesn't stick well.
When we ordered it it said it would fit a Ford and it did not fit the truck
It was a very bad quality, I bought tow front wheel bearings for my Toyota Sienna , one of them only lasted for three months. It is not worth to buy cheep bearings. DON'T BUY IT!
When I received the product, I unpacked it, read the very brief instructions and loaded the batteries. I had to remove and reload the batteries several times before it turned on, then as I attempted to program the time it would either freeze up or die completely. Now it will not power up at all, it could be a battery issue, but I'm not going to waste my time because there doesn't seem to be any quality to the product!
Someone messed up somewhere and I am without a light. I just love doing the extra work to return something that was not as described.
Ordered for a specific vehicle. Did not work at all.
Item received not what was advertised. Package was missing cotter pin and grease zerk.
Got it and installed WAS batteries to find that one out of two worked as the one was bright and the other was soo dim. Plus Amazon says this item is not eligible for return. Just wasted my money.
Full time rv and after a few months of use the joints on these hoses leak horribly. Part time rvers might be better using this but if all are the same every 6 months you'll be buying a new hose
Great while it lasted, stoped working all together after 3 days. Support hasn't helped.
I was sent the wrong ones and they would not swap them out.
I will be returning this product. There is an overwhelmingly strong scent of chemicals/rubber.
I purchased this before reading all of the reviews. Don't purchase this, a waste of time and money. Vacuum coming into the valve on my truck is 18 but only 10 coming out which is not enough to shift the 4 wheel locking hubs. When tested no leaks because gage hooked directly to the valve so these are accurate reading. I did not send the valve back because based on other reviews would be a waste of time. Don't try to save money by purchasing this valve, pay more and get something that works.
Ordered two of these-one broke getting it out of packaging. Very flimsy.
I used it just once and it stoped working, I thought it was the battery but it wasn't, I put the battery to charge but never worked again. Let me know what's the procedure to get replaced or returned. Thank you
The driver that I come with this cable won't install on my computer and there is no way to to even contact the seller
Cant say I'm a big fan of this lever kit. You get what you pay for and it shows. Didnt even end up installing these levers. The levers feel loose and the master cylinder doesnt seem much better. I dont trust these levers with my life so I wont be installing this item
Never received my refund on my Honda starter return!...when will I receive my refund payment?
Never received these little guys :(
Ordered for a 1998 3.0 L mercruiser and did not fit.
Very disappointed. It would fit a doll house better. This is so small that it's useless.
Uh, it didn't stick to either my windshield or the device.
only one light bulb is working.
The manufacturing of these window handles is very cheap. The plastic is quite flexible and cannot withstand repeated use. The resistance of a manual window is too much for this product. Several times the knob has popped off during use until it will no longer stay in place. Ended up going back to metal window levers like OEM.
This is the second pair They keep breaking on the adjustment bracket Both pair. Both headlights
I guess worth the price, if you want something safe, spend the money. One rolled up on me while I was driving & almost got into an accident
DO NOT PURCHASE if it rains where you'll be using it. I initially loved this, but after coming up on a almost a year I had to throw it away. It dripped rust all over my new Black Tahoe. I never really noticed it until after not using it for a few months I jumped up top to double check it's sturdiness and there were rust stains everywhere. I immediately cleaned the rust coating off, but the damage was done. The rust minerals stained and distorted my clear coat and maybe some of the actual paint. I'm going to rage if this starts rusting my roof.
Not canbus error free as advertised. Seller responded once but never responded fed again so they get 1 star. Product doesn't twirl save time and money pass on this seller!!!
The packaging says 12 cans and I was charged 22$ and only 1 can was sent.
Didn't last 90 days. Left me stranded ironically enough in front of an autozone. Had to purchase a 240 dollar fuel pump plus tools to replace the pump in the parking lot. false warranty info, they say lifetime warranty but it shows up with a one year warranty card. I'll attempt a warranty return but I am not holding my breath. Do yourself a favor and avoid at all cost.
Came broken in the shipping package. Seller asked for photo but in amazon seller account I don't have one. I used super glue to fixed it and installed it. I didn't wanna deal with returning and wasting the time. Seller is not responsible about the packaging well. Irresponsible Seller
Shows to fit a 2005 F250 And it doesn't. It's at that perfect price to just throw away and not purchase again
I bought a few packs of these battiers. None of the AAA ones work at all in anything. I love the AA although they die quick.
my order was wrong 3 times
Sent the wrong item.. says right on the box, where is the QC
Junk. Handle was loose
never received this product I'm still waiting for got I even ordered this please follow up on this delivery I never got it
I have a 12 ford focus se and this product only works is the ignition is in the on position engine off. If the car is running it wont work.
Was sent the wrong bulbs for my truck. But the bulbs are blue not white.
Grossly disappointed in the quality and looks nothing like the advertised picture
This sponge fell part after a few uses..
Too small returned it.
Poor quality, does not fit snug on studs, the ends broke, split in two because so much play on the ball joint.
Supposedly made to fit a 2019 Ford Escape. Does not fit. Hoops are too tight to extend between hooks in cargo area. You can force it but they pop off.
Did not receive signals that were quite strong. Almost ineffective despite careful and proper installation Returned it.
Installed 1 month ago and the first time it rained, one of the lights filled with moisture. Poorly made
Absolute garbage. Installed them Sunday and 2 days later they were burnt up.
Arrived non-functional.
I didn't survive the first use. Ended up tying it in a knot on the winch cable.
Wont recharge after first use
Have to be a rocket scientist to put on set...
Was very disappointed received 4 items valve less then what I paid
Put it on the bike with supplied clamps, turned white after a day of riding and the clamps broke. This is a horrible wrap.
I have had this package sitting in my garage since August 8th. Today is August 22nd and I finally had time to put them on. When I opened it, I noticed it's cracked in the corner. It says this is not eligible for returns? Why?
the directions were written by someone who does NOT speak the English language & so badly, in fact that they make no sense!! So you have to GUESS how to use it, also the PSI is so far off you will need a tire pressure gauge, if you can get it to work & put some air in your tire
GTI caps came off the top almost immediately
Fade quickly and sunlight
Never came what is going on
I got this today and excitedly tried to remove stains from my leather bags and jacket. But it didn't work at all. It just didn't do anything. For my jacket though, it started to remove the color of my jacket, so I had to stop. Of course I followed the instructions on the back. Very disappointing and will return it.
They were a pain to get on & it kept pulling my seatbelt up off my lap up to my chest where it was connected.
Installed this sensor and pulled even more codes had it tested and it was Dead on arrival. Look elsewhere
It worked great for about 15 seconds then it just stopped working. Seems the ones that work are the exception. DO NOT waste your money.
The camera /tag holder is the weak link .I even put some silicone to keep water from getting in.I had it for about one week.and it quite working.so I called Amazon and they are sending a new one.free two day delivery.Thank you Amazon.so I will try again.
Did not fit dodge nitro 2011
2 months and rh has split at top pin & lh has started splitting in middle of strap..dont bother buying these straps
The wire separated from the boot a week after installing them
never received this item
This product may be amazing but beware. I recently purchased this item, and the amount I was to be charged (based on Amazon's site) was $5.99 + free shipping. I received my invoice to find out I was being charged $4.99 + $4.99 for shipping. Amazon and myself both contacted the 3rd party shipper notifying them of the price difference. In their defense, they promptly contacted me and issued a refund. (Waiting to see how long that takes) But they were not very sympathetic, nor did they apologize for the inconvenience. So buyer beware! Make sure the invoice matches what the price reads on Amazon's site. It would be a good idea for the shipper and Amazon to get on the same page so other potential customers don't go through what I went through.
This is not an oem seadoo part it doesn't come with instructions as you see in pic. Was going to return but I have to pay return shipping plus a 15 % restocking fee!
Does not work for 02 Toyota Tundra
The item is listed as compatible, there is even a question being answered that say it is. This part DOES NOT! Fit onto a legacy 2016. It is SO far off the instructions say Subaru Outback Wagon. It went from a drill-free install to drilling giant holes in the body, not frame and sliding a giant bolt and backer plat threw a little hole that they DO not fit it. 100% incorrect details. Otherwise the hitch is good and looks heavy duty but when I take apart my car on Christmas day to find out its incorrect and will not work with my car is terrible. Incorrect details provided by the Manufacture and still online. 1 star for providing incorrect info to grab profit share from Amazon while Amazon has to absorb the cost of their mistake,
Cheaply made, glue was visible and it didn't fit in my Jeep!
Got screen tear within 20 minutes of using. Can't read 1/4 of the screen. Also, it would read the codes, but I kept getting an error every time I tried to erase the codes.
i havent even got my product yet they tell u one date to arrive and then they change it to 4 days later...if u dont have amazon prime ur package gets treated like trash....period
Never got my product
SUCKS! I cleaned the area very well before installing. Part of the sticky part on them wasn't even covered when I got them so stickiness had slightly wore off. My driver door visor fell off within a week of putting them on. Definitely wouldn't buy again.
I have a 2005 GMC Savana Van with a OBD2 connector ( I checked with the Chevy/GMC dealer to see if I Had the right connector and they said that I did) but this does not work in my van,I tried 2.
After just a cpl days one burnt out and 5 days later other one did also
Bumper came flat flat instead of gloss black. And was damaged. I needed a bumper so I'm stuck with it.
Junk. Plus app never connects. This is so annoying. Not to mention this is my first review ever. That's how irritated I am
These things suck !!! Very unsatisfied... They DO NOT TURN FREELY !!!
Horrible. I'm so disappointed with This purchase. I bought an empty bottle with instructions on how to dilute the product. That's 18 dollars for a bottle I could of bought for a dollar at the 99 cent store who even charges 18 dollars for this. Damn I should of read the reviews.
Never received the key. Was supposedly delivered by USPS. Can't figure out how to report the non-delivery.
Not like the photos! There is no frame just the circles with loose material around the edges.
it doesn't working good, stopping working after first try.
Units are already shaking and vibrating. Wish I had read the Subaru forums before bought these things. Had the OEM cleaned and repacked. They perform like new.
I never got a chance to use this pump, it leaked to the point my washer fluid container was empty and big mess on the floor.
I ordered two of the same sized, they sent two different wipers. I cannot return them. I would not order again. Beware!
Haven't tried to install them yet, but I can say they won't be going near my car with the quality of which they arrived, as you can see they obviously have been worn/damaged. Very dissapointed on this order.
Never received the item ordered. Never received a tracking number after having asked for it.
This was not programmable by the locksmith. Total waste of money
Zero stars... I only recieved the blue ring. The image makes it seem as if I would get all three...
Did not fit my 2002 TJ Wrangler. Very disappointed with this product and fitment.
This screen protector won't nearly fit. As you can see. Reviews and photos show it fitting the exact radio I have. Clearly I got sent the wrong one.
The cover ripped the 2nd time I put it on my truck. The seam just tore out.
This product came defective. I missed the return window and so now I'm even more frustrated. I had to take it to a special key store who charged me $60 to program and cut my key, only to find out that the key was defective and they were going to charge me anyway. So now I'm $100 out, when I could have just had the dealer take care of it in the first place. They told me people bring keys from Amazon all the time and they don't work a lot of the time!
Bought this never got it I got a empty package no refund nothing
Ordered May 4th as of May 24th Still Don't have If
Bought two units they both lasted about an hour before they broke. I bought two other units from another company they all seem to break the same way. The inner tube that twirls around on the inside of the cone becomes detached and shoots out of the gun. I would suggest putting glue on the hose before use or any type of modification to keep the line in place before you get this item dirty.
The motor that moves the right mirror doesn't work in ever position, I can only move it up. I literally just installed these yesterday.
Not happy. Less than a month and is starting to peel off.
There is already cracking around screw holes before I even installed it. Not very good quality.
This lift actually ended up harming our truck and had to have the wheel bearing replaced took it to 3 different mechanics that confirmed it was the lift kit. Took it off immediately truck is already running better
Did not cover entire threads. On my black rims you see black valve stem, then threads, then cap. So I put my plain black caps back on that covered all the threads. Threw these to short caps away.
I installed these on a 2007 Toyota Camry V6 and they only lasted 4 months. Out of the 6, 2 completely failed and 2 more were in their way. I didn't even bother trying to get them exchanged for new ones under warranty. I went with OEM Toyota coils and all is well now. Too bad I can't give this review 0 stars. Save your money and go with OEM coils.
Junk the screw came out and left the locking ring in my headlight and they didn't even turn on
better solutions out there. Still had to hack it open to make my door speakers sound good. Save your money & avoid.
I have a shop vac that I purchased from home depot. Reading about this product it made me think that it was a standard size for a standard shop vac. Didn't fit the shop vac. Didn't fit any of the extended pieces. Waste of my money. Got hear fast so I gave it a two stars.
Disappointed. Too small. Not happy.
It's rare that I write reviews, but I do when circumstances are extraordinary (good or bad). This license plate frame is extraordinarily bad. Literally it is a flat piece of metal that is much thinner than the license plate itself. Unless you use all 4 holes to fasten it, which not all vehicles have, it will not lay flat and actually frame the license plate. The cutesy email and packaging from the vendor don't make the frame itself any nicer.
i could not figure out how to connect this to my friends sena. When on phone call its really hard to hear. I am very disappointed in this item as i purchased this instead of the sena because of the reviews. i am returning it and will save up for new helmet or sena.
This is only 18â€ long. MUCH shorter than shown in the picture. Not long enough to reach any dashboard. Big disappointment and a cruel bait and switch.
They don't fit my 2014 F-250 and more than likely won't fit anything you have. And they are as hard as a rock.
Do not waste your $ on this. I have a â€˜14 Toyota Camry & these are the absolute worst seat covers. The only reason why I didn't return them is bc it took me over 30 days to get someone to install them for me; & even then it was just halfway done. There are no holes for the seatbelts in the back seat.
I am sorry I purchased these. Cheap China crap
Couldn't really say much Never hot the item.
Could not get the bracket in the case to attach securely, No way I was putting my $800 dollar phone in that
Don't buy it. It broke after 10 rolls. Can't do my project now. Buy a fancier one and save yourself the hassle.
piece of shit, very cheaply made! sending it back for a refund! What has happened to Amazon, they are selling a lot a crap these days.
All it needs is a wiring diagram if yall could send me one I will make in install video to help everyone else out great product just needs some manual instructions.
I received the product and it was too big for my car, but I was able to make it work. When I came here to write my review I realized the item I received is completely different than the item shown in the advertisement...
this package must have been on the shelf for quite some time. the product was very stiff, even after kneading. Amazon must be the place to dump your junk stock.
Dis honest seller! I really thought I was getting the pair which I was wanting the smaller one. This is bull shiz Amazon, not happy at all!
Item arrived in damaged package . 37 missing parts Needed replacement by 4/8 poor response rated E- UPS probably at fault but this screw up really cost me money
Have had the product installed for 3 months and there are lights out already. Light has moisture in it and leaked into my cab ruining my headliner. Tried contacting seller to see if they were going to rectify faulty product but have not gotten any reply after multiple emails. My advice. Spend the extra money and buy a better quality product.
I was charged for this item and never received it ! So it deserves no stars
Do not buy!!!! Was only able to do my front atv springs then they stripped out. JUNK!!!! Now my ATV is on a jack with both rear springs off.
The headlight was damage
The hitch appeared well made, but as is visible in the photos, one side fit right, the bumper holes lined up, but the driver side of the hitch had a significant bend which was either defective manufacture or poor handling by the warehouse or shipper. Unfortunately I had to discover this by installing it. The photos above show the issue. My vehicle has never had an accident and the unibody frame is free of defects. Fortunately return with prime was easy. I bought an identical hitch from a local brick and mortar store that allowed me to inspect the hitch prior to buying it, and it was made correctly. Installing the new hitch was a piece of cake.
item received was not acdelco had made in china sticker right on alternator and a made in mexico sticker on box. different case and pully then whats pictured in add looks exactly like the $75 alternator also sold on amazon.
I received other lights!, dont fit on my car.
Wrong key blank was sent. Twice!
Does not fit 2016 Toyota Tacoma
Amazon is lying when it says this is "All Weather Protection". It is made of 100% Polypropylene which is not at all UV resistant: Polypropylene is a simple chain polymer. It finds most of its uses in packaging, food containers, laboratory equipment, water pipes, and anywhere that heat, chemical, or electrical resistance is necessary. <b>Because of the chemical structure of polypropylene, it has a high degradation rate when exposed to UV light like the Sun. </b>
Just about 3 mm smaller and won't fit my plate. I missed the return date :((
i ordered 2 in in and 2 in out ,comes as 3in in and 3 in out
The stickers were shipped folded and left a crease in the sticker that ruined it
I don't like it. So thin, it won't last long. I find something better at Walmart for $5. Less quality same price!
Very very hard to install. Does not on on perfectly. It shows the imperfections
Purchased 11/17 2017 Used it maybe 3 Times and it breaks in my hand. Now I'm dead in the water with now power. Really? 9 days past return. Now lets see if they stand behind it.... I will update this shortly.
a fraction of the price of an OEM regulator, and for a reason. Lasted 3 months and just broke today. Would not recommend, what a waste of money
We have not received the product (floor mats)
they sent the wrong mirror
Took bag on first off road trip and one of the top plastic buckles broke
It works for minor things..
Doesn't fit my 2012 SXT.
I did not get the filter.. I'm waiting for 4 month... anybody answer me...
These are way too big for my 2012 Titan. They're not made to replace the silver handles if they fall off...they don't come with the same clips, just 3M adhesive, but, like I said, they're way too big and they're sure to pop off when someone applies too much pressure opening the door. I'll be contacting the seller about a replacement/reimbursement.
Worked great until the regulator know broke off on the second use.
It stays on too long. Robs the horsepower from the engine!
When I ordered this, it said a 2 pack and I received only 1. I noticed another review that had the same issue.I am very unhappy with this
Work fine just disappointed with the brightness. Not what I was expecting on that aspect.
Waste of money. Considering those 12" x 12" microfiber cloths from Harbor freight will fit on the wand the bonnets were made for, and they are free, and more substantial than these bonnets, these are a waste of money. One spring clip, the free kind from HF, will hold a microfiber cloth when clips on the back of the wand.
I just got time to put these in my truck, and the driver side bulb is burnt out. Then I looked at the passenger side and there is pieces of the light broken on the inside. These are not worth the $200 plus I paid for them.
This seller is awful, doesn't ship the item or respond to any messages. Just takes money and does nothing. Not worth the hassle, find a different protector with a different seller.
one they were blue not white, 2, one of them was broke, and 3, they were not bright at all....
Bought lights with can bus module and lights flicker
This does not fit a 2014 dodge dart
I did not like this product at all it only used twice and now it wont work
Only one out of 10 worked my bad for not going to my local parts store
Doesn't work right .... As soon as open the door lights goes out not stay lite
It doesn't work. Fully charged and doesn't supply power. Don't buy it just because it's cheaper. Get the better more expensive one like I am.
Cat even tell their on with the headlights, the halogen lights are much brighter
Doesn't fit the same as light from factory
I was very disappointed it the end product after the installation and wiring I have to do. I would not recommend this product.
No stars, never received my order, been a year and a half. But I paid for em.
The dimensions listed are smaller than what I received, making the filter pretty much useless because it doesn't fit.
SEE MY PHOTO! This is labeled as if it is a fit for a 2016 Honda CR-Z, but I ASSURE you it's not. The actual filter for the 2016 is square and much smaller. Had to return. Other reviews state its not a fit. Seller needs to update and correct the listing.
Came in a broken box
Poor quality have to be replace already is fade
Well contacted seller for a refund and they wanted a picture of the damaged items they couldn't take my word for it and you can't take a picture of smell so I thought I would just write a review instead because they did send me finally a return label after I got Amazon involved. Funny thing is it was not a free return so it would $16 to send it back so we just kept the sticking broken items. Good luck dealing with these folks and hope you like the smell.
They were smaller than I was expecting.
Lasted 2 months before burning out. Won't buy again found a different brand USA made.
own an auto repair shop, No need for a timing light these days but running into some classic car repair and need a timing light. Took a chance... wish I didn't. pulled it out of my box for the first time for an MGB timing check. my old OTC gave up the ghost. I knew the timing was not off just checking it. This light was all over the place no matter where it was up and down the plug wire. Borrowed a friends Harbor Freight light worked perfect timing was dead on and not jumping. Went back and forth between the two lights couldn't believe how messed up this light is. Of course I am past the return window. My advice ...keep looking if your looking for a good light. If your in a bind buy a harbor freight one.
Light did not last long light bar actually melted contacted manufactor refuses to return emails or calls
It was supposed to be a kit but I only got one large brush
Did not fit. Material was cheap and ripped at seams.
The driver side mat does not fit right. Keeps slipping
Not waterproof at all. The cotton interior is soaked and my motorcycle. is wet after. a thunder storm.
never arrived; had to get a refund
Just returned these today. I recently used one of the two to strap a small boat on a trailer. Every time we stopped the strap had loosened. If it won't stay tight, it's not worth having. I've always been a fan of cam buckles but I'd skip this one.
If I could give this 0 stars I would. When I received this, it came with 1/4 full only. I wrote to the seller about it and I have not received a reply and it's been over 3 weeks now. Never buying from here again!!!!
This product is very cheaply made. The lights fall apart, they don't stick to the car at all, and some stopped working. No part of this product I would recommend to anyone. Waste of my time and money.
I put these on my car, after cleaning & drying the area. They lasted less than a week. One fell off, as I was driving. The other just dropped off in my carport. Thankfully, the seller fully refunded my money.
Item was made incorrectly and does not align with hole for key ring. They got it backwards.
Paint is nothing near the color and better used for bad cover up. Hard to remove as well
Purchased used part just over a month ago, just installed tensioner today. Part looks brand new but fired up engine and it started making loud sounds like the bearing is bad. I usually take a gamble on used parts here and there but this time didn't pay off. Of course waited to install and now it's 2 days past return. So needless to say it's review time.. Part was inspected, visually it looks brand new but obviously someone returned this part due to defect and they re-sold.
Box says product of Germany. Asian writing on box. Seems to work well on stainless steel motorcycle pipes. Feel Cheated.
We had this installed for just short of 1 year and less than 1000 miles when it went bad and cooked the battery. we do not recommend this item
Product did NOT FIT on my car and seller WOULD NOT allow return/refund.
One of the LEDs was bent when I took them out of the package. Of course they are not eligible for return. I don't think I will use this seller again.
This thing is junk. I give it 0 stars it does not work and was a big waste of time. I purchased one from Rock Auto and now it is working just fine.
Within the first week of installing the lamps, 4 of them began to flicker constantly. When replacing the flickering lamps, 1 fried instantly, and 2 kept blowing my circuit fuse.
This is literally one of the most useless things I've ever purchased on Amazon. IT WILL NOT STAY RIGID OR HOLD UP.
Says delivered but never arrived :(
The first time we put this on our camper one of the buckles won't stay buckled and one of the straps on the back pulled apart where it was sewn into the fabric! Disappointed in the quality of the product.
very cheaply made. Not quality at all. Can't wear at work. May be able to work in yard with it.
This car window decal was cute as new but once exposed to the sun daily from being on my truck window it faded more and more barely even looking pink ,, won't buy again
The fitting did not workout on these. The bolts didn't fit properly. Bummed out because the quality was nice if they had drilled it properly.
There's a 'wave' running horizontally across near the top of the mirror, it's worse than the vertical crack in the one I was trying to replace!!!
My organizer came on time but it was only a single organizer when it was suppose to be a two pack. And the organizer I did receive had a different lay out than described and shown.
DONT BUY FOR ANY GM 2.4L Engine. These cars including the Chevrolet Equinox, GMC Terrain, Chevrolet Cobalt Etc. are not working on these vehicles. I've bought multiple manufactures and the only aftermarket brand that seems to work is a WALKER. Don't waist time or money!!!!
These did not fit my vehicle, I ordered 2005 but they were not the right size.
Starting to think about trading in my Envoy on a new SUV and thought I'd dress it up a bit with new headlights. These were inexpensive so I bought a pair. They look and fit fine but when a bulb burned out, it couldn't be replaced - the socket had melted. Fortunately I still had the old headlights in the garage and just put them back on. I may try to replace the socket(s) but the wiring is exceptionally short and probably can't be done.
These do not fit well. They come off the seats all the time. The seat controls are under the material that they suggest cutting which would lead to ripping. The back seat cover came apart while trying to put it on. It went right in the trash. These are not recommended. It was a waste of money as far as I'm concerned. I am buying a new set and tossing these
Horrible, would not stick to the automotive surface at all!
Sorry, when I raise the headrests to install the hanger, there is a curve in the metal, so it doesn't fit - I gave it as a gift, but it is useless, unfortunately. I plan to return it
Garbage. The pic shows what happens after being on the Jeep for one year, about 900 miles.
SO far there is little that can be wrong about anything "Q" related. The item is just small than anticipated and no value considering the price. Would look elsewhere for better price-to-size ratio. Have not put it on a window to know the quality of it sticking. The vinyl adhesive quality is awful!! Did not transfer/adhere properly. Do not buy.
Did not work. Did not fix problem and the connector pins kept pushing out when I plugged in.
Did not fit my key. 2011 Honda Accord
Do not buy this product I was very disappointed it was delivered bent on left side I tried to straighten it but was not able to couldn't line up the holes I'm not sure if it was bent it shipping or from factory packaging was not impressive either no protection so I ended up throwing it away and bought one from uhaul cause I was on a schedule
Wrong item for the truck
They are maybe half as bright as regular bulbs. You will have to run the high beam setting to be anywhere near bright enough to ride safely at night. DO NOT INSTALL THESE IN YOUR RUCKUS.
I receved my defuser sooner than what it said on the delivery date but it arrive in damage, box was torn and when I took out the product to inspected it had two of the locking pins broken, I was very disapointed with the product and with the poor quality of product,
Product does not work well.
They stop working after a week don't buy
Product was leaking inside an undamaged box. One of the canisters arrived 1/2 empty due to the leak.
First off these bulbs are definitely brighter but are actually almost useless at night since they seem aimed very high and not on the road. Adjusting my lamps down then makes my high beams useless, they seem to be manufactured for all uses not totally vehicle specific in which each lamp is clocked differently. Not sure if im going to try cutting the lamp tab to get it more useable or just toss them. Beware when you buy these that they may not light the road properly.
The pink doesn't last. The color fades & defeats the purpose of buying it.
Save your money! These are like night lights at best. Not happy except for that they seal the housings and lock in place well.
rubber is weak and will snap off in less than 3 months
It doesn't fit. Returning it.
Paint came off first time putting on. Now starting to rust. Like the black look. Wish the paint would have held up. A disappointment
Had to constantly unplug and replug it in. Then completely stopped working.
The color is not correct, it looks like navy blue and not the Ford blue. Additionally, I just found out that I can not return this item.
My order was sent to the wrong address so I never received it. The correct address was put on the order by me.
Too small and mirror is distorted you get a headache looking through it
No screws or blade fuses were included. Seems like someone had previously opened it and then returned it possibly and then I got the opened returned product. Disappointing that all the hardware it said it would come with.
as I said they break easily
Have not received product, can't contact sender or any support
I have always owned GMC trucks and to use this product on a GM vehicle you need to lay on your back and look up at the display lights.
did not fit in a coupe
Received a dud I guess, dead and I tried it on two operational 12V batteries - returned!
would not program. I followed the enclosed directions exactly and reprogrammed my existing remote on 5 attempts. But they new one which I received did not program once. (yes, the battery was inserted and the light came on with every push) Honda Element
It won't fit my Outlander!!!!
Beware! I got these headlights in early September 2017, fast forward barley 6 months later, was driving home at night and one of the lamps starts to flicker and then I could smell burning wire. The light finally just went dead. Got home and took it off and popped off the rubber cover and all of the wires comming from the main lamp are just scorched and melted together. Would not recommend these to anyone. Only 60 days for the warranty so just wasted 300.00 bucks. Also they had a really bad moisture issue that may have something to do with why all the wires caught fire. Don't waste you money!
Has a bad smell. Description says it smells like blueberry but it doesn't at all. More like a wet dog or somthing the color is grey not purple. Makes me not want to use it.
bulb blew immediately
Bought these for my 2014 Santa Fe with Panoramic Sunroof. At first I was very impressed with the fit and finish along with the way they seemed to attach. After a 3 mile drive with only cardboard attached, the bars were almost completely off. The factory cross bars have an extrusion that inserts in to the inboard holes on the roof rails. This keeps them from moving around. Considering I was able to get factory crossbars for only $100 more, I feel stupid for even trying these.
I should've heeded all of the other negative reviews. In theory, these are good and sturdy, but the mounting holes on all 3 that i purchased were off-center, which made the mounting studs crooked, which made it impossible to slide these into the grooves. I had to use an angle grinder to shave down the mounting studs to even allow them to fit into the grooves in the plates. Save your precious time, and buy a different, more expensive set that actually has some degree of quality control.
Levers are poorly made plus they are junk I bought several pairs of them thinking I just got a pair that was broke but after buying 2 more pairs same thing plungers dont hold pressure tryed calling customer service to explain what was happening I couldn't get a hold of anyone Do not buy
It's not that sensitive. I've had 2 licence plates stolen off of my bike so far. Parking in garage only now. I'll only use it when running into the mall or general stores I know I'll be inside for a while.
Followed the directions exactly. Applied multiple times, and used the brush included. Did not remove any wax, complete waste of time and money.
Best Chinese quality, one lever snapped, one lever bent like cheese. "Rim protector" is at best single use and also garbage. Not sure how this got such great reviews. These might be good for your kids bicycle but I wouldn't use them for anything heavier than that. Certainly no good for a motorcycle.. Edit: After posting the original review the vendor offered to send me a replacement. But never did.
Bought this for my 07 F150, the specifications said it fit my year it was the wrong part. The hub for the fan was smaller. Time to return the part expired, so I lost the money.
What you look at and what you get are two different things. This is not the plastic bottle this is the metal bottle.
This item is inferior quality and is not the real original Hercules mirrors.
I've had this bumper installed on my truck for a little over 8 months, and it's already rusting. Bad.
Parts came on time. Selected year, make and model of car. Car ran horrible, then not at all
After a year one of the lights failed, not enough use for the price. Lights are as bright as advertised. I looked everywhere thru my order and there's ZERO info for warranty purposes.
Not worth the money! It's very difficult to put on and pull tight. The magnets scratched my paint. It's too light and flies up in the wind, allowing snow & ice to get underneath. Car interior was drenched, because it created a gap allowing water to leak in. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!
Have had this for about 6 months. Was easy to install and setup. Would not recommend buying if your intention is to locate a vehicle while parked or driving. I contacted support and was told that I need to move the adapter to an open area so it can connect. I told them the adapter stays offline about 75% of the time. I have three cell phones and can accurately gauge coverage in the areas the car travels plus anyone with a second-grade education can download an app that will tell you all the major cell carriers coverage. This device is flaky at best and poorly designed at worst. I would try another brand if location accuracy is important. Right now I am looing at the car driving through a very good signal area and the app shows its offline.
Bent and unusable not necessarily due to sender but maybe process sending it
Nowhere near as described. Even had a photo of a Harley bagger on the box.
These lights worked for about 2 weeks then started flickering constantly. Now, 1 is completely burned out and 1 flickers and 2 seem to work.
I order air filter and I got cabin filter
This clamp does not fit the tires on my trailer. I had to return it.
I dont like that I haven't received my wifes helmet yet if I knew it was going to take this long I would've ordered it through another company
Be sure to research. This item Does Not Fit 2006 H3 Hummer. I did a search for item, and Hummer H3 is listed, but it does not fit and I can not return it. When I called ACDelco Customer service, and pressed Zero to speak to person, it hangs up. lol. Good luck.
Will not stay on grease fitting
I turned it on and it keep turning off after 3 minutes
Very thin and not at all like the magic eraser.
Didn't even get a chance to enjoy the windshield - these broke on my way to go ride the utv, and the windshield flew off into the darkness.
Blue bottle arrived empty so not much I can say
PURCHASE WITH UNDERSTANDING THAT THE KEY WORK, FOR MY CAR, YEAR AND MAKE..... BROUGHT TO HAVE IT CUT AND KEYED.... CUT BUT COULD NOT BE CODED... SO USELESS..... BEST GO TO DEALER... IN LONG RUN.... I HAD LOST MONEY TRYING TO GET IT TO WORK... SO LOST MONEY... AND STILL DO NOT HAVE THE AUTO KEY I NEED......
OEM seal was completely removed. It could have been used and refilled.
Ordered a Honda goldwing alternator, was sent an alternator for a Mercedes benz
Looks like a mushroom ... had to return it
It was absolutely USELESS!!! It was for a SUV, not for our 4 door sedan!!!! USELESS!!!!!
Super small vinyl sticker. It is my fault for not reading the description thoroughly enough. This decal is not for a fence like it looks like it should be. It goes on glass only, not a fence.
Most of the descriptions of this item are false or misleading. The snow cover comes with no elastic bands to hold it in place nor is it flexible enough to go around side mirrors and hold itself in place. I needed to use three bungees to hold it into place. This is not thick enough to protect a windshield from even the lightest hail. I got this for a Christmas present and would return it if the return date had not expired.
Really wanted this to work, but it leaks all over the place and no grease gets into the zerk fitting.
Did not work had to return, car worked for 20 mins then did not want to go past 10 mph had to tow it home
This product is horrible. We installed it and was happy on day one but only on day one. By day 2, it split and by day 3 it was useless.
Will have to return it . Doesnt work well with my chevy
Never received not sure where it was delivered I asked post office and they do not know who has it
This vacuum was not worth the money at all. You can only use the car outlet for power unless you have a converter piece for the wall plug. The power of the suction is terrible and you have to clean it out every few minutes for it to have any ability to clean dirty/dog hair out. We just bought a shark vacuum instead and the difference is out of this world. Dont waste your money!
I have owned 2 of these. If you get a year out of them you are lucky. Parts of the digits start disappearing over time.
They don't fit 2002 Ford Escape. To large in the front and back. Seller was prompt with refund, although had to pay for shipping the return.
DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT, VERY CHEAP BUILT AND WILL DIE SOON
Installed as directed. The trunk was very hard to close. Would pop open every time the button was pushed. I hardly ever use my trunk. But now I can't. One of these arms broke and now my trunk won't close correctly. Not happy with this product.
Did not fit well still doesn't work correctly
It leaks at the valve , and no instructions
I ordered this product and of course it was missing parts the whole order was not here Evergreen has been a very difficult this is not the first time but it will be the last time
Did not work or help
Doesn't read abs and are every comment said it did
The fitting for the low port did not fit on any of my (3) vehicles that I tried it on. It appears there is a small black o-ring not in the right place that will not allow it to go on far enough. All my vehicles are Ford products with nothing unusual about the low port fittings.
Seems like a super sturdy and well made product. I tried several different ways to try to get it to suction ANYTHING and I couldn't. Maybe I'm not using it correctly. ðŸ¤·ðŸ»â€â™€ï¸
the mount of the can got broken after 5 months.
Very disappointed. My factory lights are much brighter.
After 5 months of regular use, the switch decided to quit working! I would not recommend this for a replacement part!
Worked perfectly charging my motorcycle battery, now it only functions on one setting. The "smart charger" isn't very smart
Very disappointed! I bought this just over a year ago, hardly drive at night and one headlight bulb went dead, started flickering and then just stopped working. Where is the warranty ?
Very poor quality product
This review is for Amazon, not for the blades. Do not buy these blades from Amazon unless you know you dont need an adapter swap to install them. For my car, I needed a mini-adapter which didnt come in box with these. Took me a day to figure out what was wrong. Went to Napa and they came with the proper adapter and I got them installed in 30s.
Did not fit well at all and way to close to the ground.
After one year the edges rolled and cracked due to the sun.
NOT Carbon Fiber. The frame is colored black and grey in order to resemble carbon fiber. The product displayed is NOT what you will receive. Disappointing.
Save your money and go to your local hardware store and find a better way. This hardware (the quick disconnect screen piece ( the long black cylinder piece in the pics) is junk. Not only could it barley tighten down on the junk bolts as the threads were all junk, but this thing is actually two (2) pieces. As I was tightening this piece down by hand, the top piece twisted causing the shaft to break immediately rendering it useless. I tried another one, the same thing happened. I used my own hardware. Also the clamps could not close on a standard Harley crash bar rendering that piece useless. Save your money and go buy your own hardware.
the grip loses its ability to hold the throttle due to vibration from the engine. this may not be a problem for quieter bikes, but anything with a rumble will likely not work.
Nope. Don't do it. I followed the horrible directions and watched the videos. Almost ruined my new black Camaro. Took two weekends of detailing to get the car looking almost good again. Beware!
Worst of all is the unyielding surface of whatever it's made out of, like leaning back against a brick. It's too small top to bottom, only makes a hard skinny bulge that doesn't cradle your neck or head in any form or fashion. Doesn't stay in a position to do any good at all, kinda scoots round, so it would be an aggravation even if it was soft. Thank goodness it was cheap enough to just trash and not fool with returning. I'll be looking for one with a completely different shape now.
Installed in my truck and the pump failed 1 month later.
I never got the filter. I had to reorder send to my sons house because the UPS said we had moved. Strange to me we still live there
just replaced the same door handle only 5 or 6 months earlier. they are poor made and a pain in the neck to replace.
Its not even a week and they have peeled off from everywhere. All corners, all doors. I tried sticking it up again, but to no avail. Worst install in my car so far. Back they go.
I had these professionally installed and my high beams do not work I don't have packaging to send them back
The tabs did not match up with my tail lights 2007 Toyota Tundra
I'm giving this a 1 start because for one its not tint is complete black, does not match the photos, and secondly they charge almost $20 for shipping which is outrageous it doesn't even weigh 1lb and the roll is small so I was super disappointed with this product and wouldn't recommend it to anyone. Its cheaper to go to a real shop and have them use their film which looks better because its not a black sticker. Extremely hard to cut if you are blacking out small pieces of a light such as side orange corners of a headlight, because the film is so dark you can't see what you are cutting.
Order the red one instead received the black one!
Wont stick on plastic
Fell Apart before even first use
Gasket is clearly shown in the picture. Product came opened, and no gasket.
I purchased 2 of these since we have multiple trucks with the same engine. Changed the first one as preventative maintenance. Not long after changing it, it popped off when the truck was under load. After multiple times of the boot popping off we decided to try the other one as perhaps this one was defective. Boot #2, same problem. Not towing or anything, just typical driving up hill with the turbo boosting. Don't purchase this product!!
this cover is not at all waterproof. went to takeoff the cover in the morning, and the hood and top of car completely wet. and my other car has a different cover and was completely dry....
Rain water gets in it easily, not water proof at all.
I'm not sure. I returned. Looked used when it came and the pressure didn't seem accurate. Small rubber was ripped also. Wasnt confident so sent back
Received axle puller all broken and used... ok so i did ship it back for replacement ok... second time it came in ok condition, but with missing parts... terrible service AMAZON doing crappy job!!!
This does not work well. It often falls off my windshield.
Didn't receive this item, I was thinking it might take awhile still nothing
Bought this and another company's and both were a huge disappointment! The other was used and this one barely gave any water pressure. It is cheaply made even though it is the most expensive. Glad I can return it because 1 day was all I needed
Can't.review still waiting ,after waiting 3 weeks.
Wrong part. $10 piece of plastic that does not fit my vehicle despite carefully checking to make certain it was!
At first this product worked wonderfully. After about 4 months, it stopped working at all. Had my mechanic check the wiring and everything was fine. The fan itself just died.
NOT WATERPROOF! I put this cover on my new car, it fit nicely. But The material is not waterproof, there's water under the cover after first rain. And car cover was not as advertised. It was not 6 layers but a thin 2 layers. Don't waste your money and time on this item.
The radiator itself fit in my 2012 Jeep Wrangler Sahara Unlimited fine but as you can see in my photos there was no mounting brackets for my transmission oil cooler or bracket to hold on transmission line going to oil cooler. I hope you are able to tell in the pics what I am referring to. I'll try to make a bracket I guess because I need this thing running ASAP!
Got my car all prepped to wax today, opened my brand-new Griot's buffer, flipped the switch and...nothing. Dead on arrival. Wish someone had tested this unit before it shipped. Pretty pissed I'm going to have to do my whole car by hand today.
Plugged it in my truck and shorted out headlight system. Passenger side lights will not work at all now
This terrible design to hold on to the existing mirror is so bad, how can you expect people to peel off the self adhesive tape and try to insert the unit to car's side mirror? The self adhesive tape is so sticky that you can put the unit in full depth and hold it in place. We can only push so far to about 1/2 of the depth, thus after driving for 2 days, the vibration of the car slowly drag off the unit and fall off, it was broken instantly. Good luck on buying this small mirrors. it works great on the account of field of view, so long if you can securely mounted in place.
Yikes. What a messy product
ordered this for my 2006 F150, XLT 5.4 with air. It states that it will fit, but it was much to large. Had to return.
Didn't work on my bike and kept blowing the fuse. Company tried to say the problem was with my bike. Ordered from someone else and returned this
Is this doing on my list? Never bought one.
After very little use, I have to bump the relay to get the contacts to mate. I have it in a water resistant location. I do not know if it is a lack of lubrication or if the contact points have somehow gotten dirty, but either way, when working and the winch doesn't engage, it creates a dangerous situation. When lifting or lowering a load, the consistent failure of this component is problematic to say the least. it operates a 4 wheeler winch that is on a crain on my wood splitter. I am certain you can see how dangerous it is when this thing fails.
W removed and then installed this replacement fuel pump, and it doesn't work!!!! They have a note in the box to not returned it to them. The old fuel pump will start the vehicle but it will not continue to pump gas to the carburetor. This new one will not do that. I need a refund!!!
Very bad quality. The worst. If you want to get rid of your car, buy these products.
This supposed to be one of the best HID lights, very popular, but to be honest they fit a little lose on the headlight input they don't sealed as they should seal. Also they have a buzzing sound that gets annoying. The buzzing sound comes from the light.
I'm late posting this but the ones I received were broken. You could not adjust the lights because the adjustment on the inside of the light assembly was not connected to anything so the lightbulb would just bounce around.
Used on my airbags for my truck suspension. Worked great until a load of stone was put in the bed. Blew it to pieces. Ordered piston style valve from grainger. This may be okay for air horns but nothing with air bags. Not recommended.
Bought 2 pairs of this rubber and trashed them. Annoying noise while using this refills.
Installed product and everything worked great! Then door stopped working a few weeks later. Had to disassemble door completely again to find that the product had come apart! So gotta figure out if I want to try and buy this again or just pay the extra money to Toyota and get from them
This is the 3 fan I have bought in 3 years. They just stop working after a year. Very unhappy with this fan
This AC to DC socket does NOT work. I plugged in a tire inflator and it only produced enough power to turn on the light on the inflator. My first thought was that the tire inflator itself was faulty until I plugged it into the car cigarette lighter socket. Upon doing that, the tire inflator worked fine. I ended up throwing it in the garbage. It wasn't worth the hassle of returning.
Didn't like the plastic cheap look and feel of this product. Was not worth the money. I returned it.
Did not work for my 1992 ford f150. Zero cfm. Replaced with a used one from a junk yard that worked like a champ. Do not buy.
Small toilet seat. Feels like your going to fall in
It's really cute but unfortunately my key fob for my Chevrolet Cruze Premiere is too long because of the remote start button. Sadly will have to return it.
Rusted bolts and loaded with condensation. 2 lights exactly the same problem... always remember you get what you pay for.
Abs sensor didn't work. It was faulty!
These don't seat in at all.
This spray made my seats look 100xs worse after using it. They weren't even dirty before I used it. I just noticed my seats looked like tinted creme/light brown when they're supposed to be white and blue so that's why I got this to make it look white again and instead it completely messed up my seat. My passenger seat looks fine because I didn't use the spray on that seat as you can see in the picture compared to the drivers seat which looks like crap.
The sticker peeled off after not even having it on one day.
Everything was perfect until the LED has come loose from the Daytime Running light.
This product was great at first - we have a 13' Scamp and it fit our trailer great and was easy to put on. However, within 4-5 months the cover completely disintegrated and fell apart!! See photo. Do NOT recommend.
They do not fit a freightliner...
Part fit exactly, Pump worked, but gasket where pump plugs into tank leaks worse than the old one. Spent a lot of time on this and am very disappointed.
Not really what I was hoping for... Not only is the sunshade too small, it's completely lopsided! One side is 10" from the window edge while the other is 6". Was the person who sewed this hammered? Unfortunately, I didn't test it for a couple of months and now can't return it. I called a couple of weeks ago and was supposed to get a return slip emailed to me but it never showed up. If anyone has a lopsided car let me know, it's all yours.
Looks pretty out of the box but the shine quickly fades as your keys rub against it. The knob to release the keys broke on mine within 2 months of use and the company refused to return/exchange it. It would not recommend this to anyone. There are many other key chains made of higher quality available.
Nice if it wouldn't leak the foam gasket is smaller than the one that is stock
Never recieved it. It says it was shipped but it never made it here
This product barely worked. It is presented well, but looks are deceiving. I didn't pay much, but I didn't open it until now, almost 4 months later and can't return it. I would not recommend it to anyone.
The product itself is fine but you don't get all hardware needed to install nerf bars. This seller has no desire to make this right. We had to buy bolts that was the responsibility of the seller to supply. Do not trust this seller!!
It worked well long enough to cover half a shower glass. The product appears to clean well, the can is faulty! I have a cleaning company and am trying new product recommendations. I'm a few days out to return it.:(
did not hold up at all :-( after 1 use of carrying food in them we had to trash it due to falling apart
Used one time. Thank God it didn't break then. Went to use it today, owned it just over 2 months, and I heard a loud pop. The threads broke on the hydraulic cylinder, fluid went everywhere. Now let's see how hard it is to get replaced. I'll update this review when or if I hear back.
Don't even think to buy is a loss of money.
Item did not include the advertised adapters and as a result is not compatible with all the arm types it says it is
Would not fit my H11 headlight assembly.
Ordered the item and chose 1 day shipping. The item never arrived and they said it was delivered. Im getting a refund and I will buy from another seller.
This light is not good. Also is not working for my car!
I bought the 19 and 22 blades. The 22 was delivered but not the 19. Was charged for the 19. Kind of defeats the purpose of getting new wipers if I don't get both. Not a very happy customer.
the case will not snap together with the silicone insert even without the circuit board installed ( like the silicone is too thick)
Seriously...this thing barely covers half of my subaru seat. The picture here on a car seat is stretched out if you look carefully.
I still have not received my order ,it was supposed to be here in two day and it's day 5 . where out s my order?
Product is poor quality, did not ship in one day per prime with no explanation, and was in poor condition when it arrived at my door. Note that the packaging itself was not bent up as the sticker was. Plainly put I'm disappointed and will not be using the product.
Wish it would show up on time but once again amazon dropped the ball. Losers can't even get prime orders delivered on time. Go buy from another retailer at least you will receive it in the time the give you.
Returned poor quality
The rhinestone piece was already off when I received it in the mail. It can not handle the thicker, plastic frames. Made more for the real skinny metal frames.
These are NOT stock replacement u bolts for a 2008 ford f250
Look closely. Not really "RANCHO" it does not say it on the strut. Knock offs. Zoom in. There isint even any writing on the ones I recieved. Haven't installed them but can imagine there crap since they are not real RANCHO.
They scratch the paint of the car when they got loose and you won't even realize until it's too late!!
I received the wrong sticker.
This products tray holds literally nothing. Its practically useless. Get the one wo the tray. Update 3 weeks later, the Velcro for the tray doesn't hold the tray up when not I use. I want to return these junk things but the return window is past.
This item is of poor quality, lasted just one day on my bike trip. Should of gone with a more expensive product. Don't purchase and rely on it working for any period of time.
They matched the factory plastic pretty good. BUT THEY ARE TOO SMALL! One blew out on the first day installed
Had to return, it was defective, did not work, tested it with a meter, open circuit. The positive was that it was taken back with no strings attached, love amazon.
Beware! The plastic version was sent when I ordered aluminum. Additionally, the plastic part does not have Toyota markings. It arrived in a Toyota box but I'm not confident that it is genuine. The packing slip included a phone number to call if there are problems with the order, and asks buyer to not leave poor feedback, but the number was not active. I'm not surprised. Thank you for wasting my time. I'll just be careful with the OEM and change my own oil. I wish it had worked out but I'm not going to roll the dice again.
Used this product for the first time today, my truck didn't have traction in some deep snow, I wedged the boards in front and had them supported, at least one of them shattered the first attempt, the truck got out but I didn't want disposable recovery boards.
i did not receive this item
I ordered lift supports for a 1994 buick lesabre. I even made sure I included specs before ordering to make sure it fits my car. I got them and they didn't fit. They were different size holes for where they are supposed to be attached. I wont be returning due to the fact that I damaged them a little from one side. I then looked at the package and saw they were for a Pontiac Bonneville. Dont really know if it makes a difference, but im just going to live with it
Check engine back on didn't work long
I needed this last week to apply before weather gets cold. Contacted seller, so far no response.
My order is about 6 weeks late I can't get them to contact me I couldn't tell you if it's a good Helmet or not I can tell you their service sucks
White doesn't work. Can't figure out how to contact seller to resolve the issue.
The N was missing from on
Did not send all covers according to instructions in package.
I did not work at all for me. May be I did not know how to use it.
Garbage! One broke taking it out is the wrapper and the other broke while installing. Waste of money
Horrible, they smelt very bad. I couldn't even be in my car without getting a migraine from the smell. Do not buy!
Did not work. No screen after solar charge, or after plugging into power sources.
Took almost a month to receive this. Contacted the company multiple times and all they could say was they were sorry it hadn't arrived. Will never buy again!
This thing snapped off on the highway and only left the base nub of the arm the FIRST day I had it on
We have had this ladder installed on our dock for less than six weeks and I believe the pictures speak for themselves.
smaller than expected to start with, wanted to use for peeling paper off cutting mats but they have a ridge that messes up the paper..
We put these on my 16 year olds truck and with in a month the shocks were falling apart.
What a freaking waste of money it's just the wand don't buy this u can get the cab and wand for 30 bucks
Poor customer service, they kept asking for my personal info and wouldnt offer any help. Never worked on my vehicle, junkyard remote did.
Maybe it was installation. Door handle opens but I can't lock it and key fob works but doesn't lock or unlock
Did not fit my 07 Silverado. Lugs are not long enough to thread onto the lugs on the truck.
Sucked it never stays in place!
These most certainly do not fit a 2018 Harley-Davidson Road Glide like they specified. Returning for my money back and will buy elsewhere.
Finally got around to use this after sitting in a box in my office for over a month (the weather outside turned cold right after I bought it). And all that sprays out is a nasty oily spray. NO black, not even paint. After REPEATED and EXCESSIVE shaking still the same results. Unfortunately my ability to return expired a week ago. Don't bother with this. I have included photos of the spray that comes out of it. You can't see it because it is a clear-ish oily film, but it is sprayed all over the area in the picture. I sprayed it heavily on the brown-paper covering my running board in the hopes that it would actually start spraying paint. No dice.
Dumb, Dumb, Dumb can't get this crap to work the instructions are absolutely useless
It lasted 1 year and 5 months and the gauge stopped working and I used it about 10 times.
Paid extra 20.00 for express shipping. Still took 3 and a half days
I waited two weeks and never received them. Had them sent to my job. I never received them. Call back had another joke and say he was going to send it and I will get it in 2 days and I never received it. So all they did was refund me my money. Really needed that product for my truck. And I still don't have it. They should send it to me free for the 3-week inconvenience I waited.
lasted 2 months. this is a bad product!!!
These are simply laminated paper, not acrylic as advertised. They look fairly decent, but I do not appreciate the out and out lie in the description.
Not so great when product arrived one of the bulbs was broken.
I never received this
Didn't work properly
1 of the hubcaps was shipped defected, cost $23 just to ship it back
Broke after 10 months, useless
Cheap low quality. You get what you pay for. Wiring supplied is junk.
Bad cheaply made do not recommend got it October 2018 December 2018 gas gage quit March 2019 pump died now I have to buy a new one and go through the whole thing again also I played 60 now I see it's 73 so do not buy spend a little extra and get a good one
Product unfortunately very good even st the price I ended up going to BMW to get it be aware of knock offs something gd are good others you need to get s dealership
Did not fit my scooter as described
Thought it was going to be a good product. Worked fine for 2 months then it suddenly started sounding like a gear was stripping for a day and then it quit.
Was a waste of money not labeled at all what's what an just plain out don't work how should
Did not fit my 2003 Civic even though Amazon said it would. Fell off while driving and was lost. Waste of money.
They sent me a plain key.it was not cut or nothing
I have paid for the products but they havent received them.
I thought this was from DEe Zee. This is not Dee Zee. It is a cheap knock-off. The hydraulic arm is so tight it is now a nuisance to wait till the tailgate lowers. It even took my whole body weight and channel locks to pull it out long enough to install from the truckbed to the tailgate. I would never buy this again. In fact I'm returning it and I just installed it.
DO NOT BUY THIS HORRIBLY MADE CHINESE KNOCK OFF. I HAD TO GRIND THE LIP DOWN TOGET IT PAST THE MOUNT THEN IT SLIPS ON THE FILTER AND I HAD TO REMOVE MY FILTER WITH A PIPE WRENCH. WENT TO HARLEY AND GOT TJE RIGHT ONE. WHAT A PIECE OF CRAP.
Couldn't turn over a 2.4 liter acura tsx and drops and a galaxy Note can suck all the juice out of this portable battery
light switch burnt out before I even used it
wasn't the right fit for my car
This ramp is very flimsy. I tried for a month to get my elderly lab to go down it & he wouldn't. It would be ok for a small dog or to load something lightweight like a bike. Its too narrow for a push mower. I tried returning it several times & still have not gotten a response from the company or anazon.
Adhesive is basically non-existent. Tried applying pressure and letting them sit for a day before running cables but they just fall right off. Into the garbage they go!
The mirrors shake so badly while driving I had to switch back to my cracked mirror. The housing is sturdy, but the mirrors shake inside.
It didn't not do anything on a major scratch or a very light scratch.
No instructions and could not attach to car.
Junk could have gone to Walmart for a better deal
I did not like this cover , I had to go and by another cover to replace it. It was false advertisement.
I didn't line the fact that in the picture I clicked on showed an entire kit. When you only get the long reach tool. False advertisement lesson learned to read the fine print next time.
I put it what kind of vehicle I had and it said they would fit but not one of the seat covers fit all of them were different sizes. Definitely would not recommend this item to ANYONE.
Items was never received/delivered to wrong address.
Didn't work out of the box. Missed the return window. Now stuck with a piece of junk.
Install was easy enough BUT... The up/down, left/right adjustments simply don't work correctly. High beam kept blowing fuses right up until the wires melted off. Stock housings were just cloudy with no issues so it's not an electrical problem outside of these units. Prior to replacing them (less than 1 week), the lenses were lined with condensation. Upon replacement, no electrical issues, fuse problems, or melted wires so the problem was definitely these lights. Do NOT waste your money on these!
Had a hard time fitting into the headlight socket due to the small phillips screw at the base. Had to tighten that little screw a lot to get the bulb to fit. Once I got it in and twisted into place, the bulb was loose. There was no tension whatsoever and the bulb could literally fall out if I had plugged it in and left it. Tested my stock bulbs again and they fit really snug, like they should. Hardly worth returning due to $6 return shipping.
They give you stickers that go on the inside of your car but say it the right way on the outside which is not what is in the picture or the description it's a lie
Wrong size for motorcycle battery
Product was delivered all messed up . The emblem wasn't even in the bag properly . But the emblem I ordered is stuck to the plastic bag . I rush ordered it to have it here today but I don't know how I'm gonna when use it now. Very frustrated.
The product seems like good quality and mounts easily. However, my cord will not hook on and hang like it should, most of the time it falls out. Maybe I'm doing something wrong or I might have a defective unit.
It doesn't fit. It's junk.
The quality of the product is very poor and not suitable.
They will not thread onto a red plastic gas can. Not sure what they fit.
I am beyond disappointed. This was suppose to be a birthday present for my Fiance. I opened the box only to find a bucket with an exploded bottle of yellow wax .. a yellow sponge and that is it. It is literally missing most of the kit.. and what IS in there is BROKEN. I hope Amazon is able to somehow fix this disappointment.
Valve busted in it first time I took a shower.
Did not even get close to fitting
Wrong one, they are supposed to be smoked tint
This does not fit a 2011 Ford Escape. This is the second one I've bought that says it is for a 2011 and they do not. If the back of your mirror has a square assembly, it should fit. If you have a round assembly on the back like mine, it won't fit.
Buyers beware. If you are looking for white caps, these are not. These are clear, not white. Too bad they don't offer refunds/exchanges because I really thought I was going to get "white" colored caps.
Didn't work as indicated.
Should would be nice but is flimsy, awkward and can't handle large cups
Spring broke the second day I had it... The scent was hardly noticeable so I would not recommend this to anyone
I don't know why so many people like these. Poor build quality, shakes, and yes they're cheap. I'm returning and finding something better.
Transponder wasn't able to be programmed to my 08 Eclipse. Had to have locksmith program a key he brought. FOB was programmed but that's it. Even after key was cut, it didn't fit the door ignition
It is very slippery... A hockey puck does a much better job...
I am very dissatisfied with the fact that I have only had this Mounted on my truck but for a month and a half and there is moisture inside of the lamp telling me that it will soon stop working Originally when I put it on I thought it would be good however a month and a half is not enough time for it to start building moisture I live in California it doesn't rain that much but I could not imagine what it would be like in another state or country where you got more rain than we do
Upon install, one of the seals were so far out of tolerance that the seal would fall out of the fork. The only thing that was keeping in in place was the retainer. I should have just bought a better brand or OEM from the start.
False advertising, it's a sticker, amazon should be offering refund
Worked on an off for two months, no longer works at all now.
An empty bag was shipped to my house. "Empty" nothing in it but air!
bought two of these and they both broke right away. don't buy
Says fits all 900 does not work on my 2015
NEVER GOT IT I LIKE TO GET
You get what you pay for. Package designed to look like original equipment. I will look more carefully next time.
Lasted about three months full timing in a RV.
Bottle opener was not in the package. Not the reason I purchased, but was purchased with the intent to use the bottle opener as a key chain for another set of keys. Valve stem caps look great, but if your going to advertise a product live up to your word and deliver.
Looks only does not work
Installed on 06 Honda accord for drl error message for 9005 leds. Plugged them in turned lights on nothing unplugged them and now high beams won't work at all. They seemed to have shorted out both of my led bulbs. I checked fuses they were all fine. So based on my experience I do not recommend
After I ordered the light bar a s gift I did not find out till later that the 18 watt lights that came with the light bar were not there. After a picture of the pieces in the box confirming everything that I told them and an e-mail I thought we fixed the problem. But then I go to Mount everything in the mount they sent is only for the lightbar only, so yet again another weekend I had open I can't get this product mounted it is not worth your time considering what I paid for the first time was the complete kit with lights and light bar you would think they would at least send a single piece of paperwork or a parts list so you know wasn't there until you went to mount the thing have to watch a YouTube video to figure out what you don't have
I tried to apply the big ford decals idk they did not work and I followed instructions I was so upset I'm not sure if I should re order and give it another try or just say F it
Ordered three of these sets. Two came without the attachment at the bottom connecting the torch to the hose. Cannot find the missing part online anywhere, nor a good contact phone/email/person for the company. Do not recommend.
Can't find a email to contact seller
I did not receive it. But i was changed for it
Terrible spouts. Waste of time and money. No stars.
Product appears to have been used prior to receiving it. Sent it back and got another one - same thing.
Not the the color you see light pink it was in to small for my wheel
I have a lot of experience using toppers on the car for traveling. I was truly disappointed in this product. It leaked the very first time we used it. I would not recommend this to anyone.
Didn't come with metal piece on the inside
Completely dissatisfied...odor doesn't last...too big for placing it into a car....I'd never buy it again...
It came without all the straps. It can't be used
I never do reviews, but this is the first thing I ordered on Amazon they I not going to use. Pretty much garbage. Half won't even thread on.
If you are a contortionist, you may be able to get this back into its handy storage bag. If your like me and don't have the time to keep on trying to get it into the bag, buy another sunshade.
Beware, this product is not a true jack. It is a post popper.
Wasn't long enough to cover entire cargo area of my 2017 Subaru Outback.
Install was simple and fit like the factory ones. They were only installed for a few weeks and already having issues with one of the solenoids
When trying to apply the e in illegal got stuck on the other paper and wasn't able to get it off.
Under your eyes, it looks the same as the original one. However, it won't fit easily into the compartment of my 2007 Dodge Nitro. I tried to push it in, and it breaks the compartment. The compartment could no longer hold the spring. Also, the small plastic holding the rod is too soft causing the rod pops out each time the handle is pulled.
Does not work on 2013 corvette. Works on honda accord 2000
Did not get got a refund but really wanted the caps
Didn't fit my car after it said it would
Got me in trouble with the police.
Failed after a day of use
Sticker didn't stay on. Wasted money.
Don't waste your money! I bought this put it on and when I ran the engine it popped in sputtered. I ended up taking it to a repair shop and they wanted the original carburetor so they could rebuild it. The original works fine now, after the rebuild.
Total BS, selecting a 4-pack costs twice that of one. Sounded like a good idea, right? Only sent ONE plug, at double the cost! Now there's a problem with my return. I should have just gone to my local store and paid the cost of one, if I wanted only one.
I ordered the set as described on amazon to fit the JL 4 door, but the company sent a set that fits the JK 4 door. Waiting for a reply from Wholesale Direct.
This is not a complete shell. This is only the back half of shell with innards (less the electronics). Also come missing panic button. Sending back.
No suitable for our tropical climate. Definitely not stainless steel clips as rust forms right away. Traps rains in the guard. Not good. Stay away.
I just received these seat covers for my jeep Cherokee 2014. Said it would fit my vehicle. Well, a passenger seat bottom flips up. Wherever is a compartment. There is no way I could get to strap around that. I pulled on it, one strap to snug it up and it ripped. For 14 dollars is not worth the money and a waste of your time. Only the covers ripped aware out, probably in a very short time. I'll buy new ones well, spend the 30 to 40 dollars for good ones. Disappointed in the quality.
Does not fit correctly flange on cylinder head is to thick the intake will not seal up correctly. Warning do not buy this
never received the product
Well considering that my truck sits in the driveway most of the time not being used, the fact that these lights only worked for 2 months before they quit working and only just flash all the time now ... NO THEY ARE NOT WORTH THE MONEY! And since I can't return them after a month, it was a waste of time and money. DO NOT BUY!!!
Had on my bike for about 2500 miles and all of the teeth bent over
Would not suggest this product. These pads do not fit correctly and are not shaped properly to an arm or leg. Might fit a smaller child but I would not suggest these. I am unable to use them.
Ordered 4 spark plugs only got 2. This happened twice. Ended up getting a refund on 2 of them.
Not what I expected. Will not recommend to others, do not buy it. Tint your windows instead.
Stopped working 3 months later. Wiring is not protected from corrosion and disconnected. Don't buy and waste your money. Made very poor!
This battery is wasted money. It wouldn't even turn over my bike, the voltage drops to about 7 volts when you put a load on it. To add insult to injury, Powersports Depot wouldn't pay return shipping.
Twice I have ordered this kit of 4 bushings and gotten only 1 bushing, leaving me stuck with a Jeep I still can't drive. Even the Moog website states this is a kit of 4 and the box is large enough for all 4 as shown, but I keep getting sent 1. Amazon sent a replacement, 3rd set I have gotten, and it only had 1 bushing as well and Amazon no longer offers me the option of requesting a replacement, just a refund. I'll just get it at a parts store. May cost more, but this isn't worth the hassle.
Not so much in this case
I bought these for my husband's car, an Infinity G37 and they were so big that they stuck out too much plus there's no way to lock them in and anyone can go and unscrew them easily. I returned them.
Bad seal on filter and oil poured out of it as soon as car was started, had to go to auto parts mid oil change to buy a new filter that didn't leak as well as more oil to replace what leaked out. Will buy all my oil filters from an auto parts store from now on.
Don't bother. Its junk!
This product is terrible do not buy. I used them on my truck and the straps broke off causing the steel started plastic pieces to come up and destroy my fender. It is a piece of junk, this product is terrible do not buy. Our use them on my truck and the straps broke off causing the steel started plastic pieces to come up and destroy my fender. It is a piece of junk and a waste of money, although it is easy to put on the tire in the snow.
Did not stick to my window. Was not my first time applying a decal on my car window but no matter what it would not stick
Didn't fit my Mercury 85 v6 black max. Lower housing didn't fit. Had to mount in 4 jaw chuck on lathe and machine outer diameter.
This product is absolute rubbish, no clips, definitely too large for the seats in my 2015 ram 2500 and cheaply made
I would not recommend this product as the valve is leaking spraying freezing propane Vapors everywhere. I waited too long to try it out because I bought it in the summer now they won't return it. Made-in-china piece of garbage
ordered part and paid for part did not receive part after multiple e mails no communication from seller on part or refund on money not happy with this trans action
Does not fit 2017 Sports Unlimited they need a bracket for installation and they didnt note that now I cant use them until I find a bracket for them because the ones that comes in 2017 sports model are JK Led and they come with their own bracket Updated: they sent 2 bluetooth controllers and both went dead about the week I installed them sent a lot of message so they can send a new headlight fog light set as warranty but Im not receiving a response before you buy contact them to ensure its warranty and quality
Was excited to get a unit that matched my existing, but 10 second delay to kick in. It keep running when the truck is off. It only runs full blast and 3 settings down. At least I have air conditioning but trying to find another part.
Waste of money, casted pot metal snapped after folding and unfolding first time. I don't recommend nor would I ever purchase again
This item leaks vacuum. Whoever made this does not realize it is suppose to hold vacuum. There are no seals on it at all. The manufacturer deserves to go out of business. This item should not be sold. Amazon is selling defective parts. They sent me two and they both leak. Don't get me wrong they function like they should but they leak causing your vacuum pump to burn up from working all the time
Does not fit, way to large
tried to start 2001 civic wouldn't turn over engine had to use battery cables and jump from other car. update used to start riding lawnmower and charge phones did fine. don't know why wouldn't start car kept charger tried to start low battery on lawn mower this summer wouldn't start had to use battery charger to start
It looks decent but believe me the quality is terrible. The dipstick itself is plastic and didnt want to go in easily. Save up 20 more dollars and buy a name brand one.
Wiper blade broke off while in use on highway in rain shower resulting in a very dangerous driving situation. The wiper blade that broke off got tied up with the other wiper, resulting in the other wiper arm being damaged. Spent two hours and $150 to fix wiper arm and replace with new wiper blades. Save yourself the time and money and get better quality wiper blades.
Very cheaply made, none of the red leds work and the white is very dull.
These really disappointed me! They didn't fit whatsoever on the back seats even though it says it'll fit an 07 Impala. I tried to return them and my request was denied. Total trash.
My problems are NOT with the vender but with Amazon sending the vender the wrong address and having wrong parts listed for my car! 12 days on phone with customer service near every day and still not resolved
I should've taken heed of the other reviews. Kit arrived cracked as they shipped it in plastic packaging. You would think they would use boxes after so many complaints. I returned the item. Wont be shopping here again
Works a few moments and gets stuck on a certain direction. It is not electrical or magnetic interference, as I've tested this in a dozen different locations with the same result.
Dodge 3500, 2007 wont fit with 50 in, light !
No stars !!!! Didn't work out of the packaging. Really a cheap worthless product. Cant be returned so I will dispute the charge on my CC
5 months old both burnt out with in 3 days of each other.
Product advertised to fit AUDI Q7 2017 model year. It does NOT fit. False advertising.
They both worked at first. 1 month later one of them quit working already! Had to go back to my halogens
I'll give it one star since I can only judge it based on how it worked on the package. Bottle came empty, broken inside a bubble wrap envelope.
These are crap..they stick for a min then they just fall off..waste of money
Broken after 2 months, please don't buy this product. Garbage!
This battery is junk. This battery is junk!! I keep my Goldwing on a very sophisticated and possibly the best battery maintainer. This battery failed. It lasted only 7 months.
This item does not fit or function as described. On the largest setting for a 46mm fork, the bracket is no longer round and the bolt holes do not line up. Complete useless junk. Do not waste your money because you can't return this garbage.
Did not fit my 2012 Yukon Denali. Just sat on top of console, but lid didn't properly catch on closure clasp.
Was satisfied at first, but a few months in and the individual lights began to burn out. A little over a year of use and only 2 bulbs remain working :(
Just does not work.....
The bulbs are really bright if you get really close and look directly at them. It's as if an explosion of scattered light occurred every time that they're turned on. Cannot see the light they produce over the factory halogen headlights.
Now on the 2nd set of hub assemblies and still received the incorrect part. Job is on hold waiting for them to get it right. Yes, I did use the "check fit" before I ordered
After about 2.5 months, this part failed. It said 10 year warranty on item description. I contacted my seller and they were prompt in their response. They offered a refund with no hassle.
Cant really tell when you hit the brake. And the light melts the clear lens for the light to shine up on the license plate
This battery is NOT for a 1997 Harley Davidson Sportster 1200. I didn't know this until I was able to find someone to come to my home and install it. So, I not only wasted my money, I still had to go to HD to purchase my battery. If you need Harley Davidson parts, just spend the money. This is the lesson I have now learned. Poop.
They're all holding moisture & driver's side headlight jas some sort of clear coat pealing off. The Amber LED signal indicators should have been used throughout instead of the light blue day time/parking lights.
I have Cobra 1 1/4 diameter highway bars, the adapters that are included do not fit one set will not tighten enough and other set Radius is to small and do not fit. Very nice looking pegs but if they wont tighten correctly you will need to develop your own shims to get them to fit snuggly and for the price you pay it should be good fit since diameter of bars are commonly used.
This product is garbage. The hose that's called up in the lid obviously can't take that type of twisting. I tried to use it, and it leaked at the can all over the place making a huge mess, needless to say I was very upset.
Airbed arrives with a hole and a battery that didn't charge. Not happy.
Not even half as bright as the factory halogen bulbs that came in my Chrysler 200
Three of 24 lug nuts drilled off center, one drilled and tapped twice, totally unusable. Wanted original OEM size, should have bought brand name in 22mm.
This is pure junk. Only lasts for a month this is my third one. I just went and spent the extra money to buy a good one. This company is pure poor quality. Never will buy again
Did not come with adequate instructions for me to recode it . still not right
Ring in the tire stopped working after 3 months.
The item arrived in perfect condition but is not compatible with my car's model as opposed to what Amazon web page says. I purchased this crankshaft position sensor, for a BMW E46 323i Station Wagon year 2000, based on Amazon's webpage compatibility tool but is not compatible. The connector is perpendicular to the sensor itself and it touched the motor preventing the connection of the cable.
Trash! Cheaply made. Low quality! Didn't even perform the way I thought it would.
One bulb died already with only one week of use
It fits the cargo area perfectly, however it is hard plastic so things slide around on it. I thought it was going to be rubberized. Will be looking for an alternative.
I have contacted seller three times now about returning item with no response
I ordered a downstream O2 sensor and they sent me an upstream O2 sensor in a downstream box. It obviously didn't work for what I needed and I repurchased at O'Reilly Auto Parts
Worked great for the first 2 months. Now one has stopped working altogether. They are extremely cheaply made! When you try to shut the door to your camper you have to be carful not to pull to hard. This is because the entire backside of the handle is made of cheap plastic and not medal like it should be!
i send it back becouse the motor was loose inside the vacum.
Did bot fit, the gear is different and the tab where it bolts to the trans it was longer than the other one
Not comfortable at all, too big
Bought this trusting the description that it would it my car but it didn't now it's just sitting there.
The gloves on first appearance were good. However, after a few hours of riding they left a bunch of black material on my hands. I wiped that off and when I went to wash my hands, I noticed they were stained black. I would not recommend this product.
These fasteners are garbage. The plastic is so brittle that every fastener broke while trying to install. If I had set my money on fire I would have gotten more use out of the cash.
These lights are horrible. Went out on me while driving at night on highway. All I had on was the fog lights. Contacted customer support and they just ignore me. Dont waist your money and safety.
Charging input says DC . Kept looking for AC charge input. Input does both, but nowhere does it say that, Confusing to me.
Low quality. I don't even think it fit, but was hard to gauge when the piece was in two
Very bad headlights, don't even think about buying this product. I installed them and a few hours later they were not working anymore. Don't waste your money on this cheap lights
Started by washing boat. Buffed this onto hull. Looked promising during application. Allowed to dry and buffed off. Boat looked exactly the same.
if you order this companys parts your in big trouble...you order and they take your money and don't send you anything..they just leave you hanging out to dry !! I lost a lot of business because of this company !! order American
Poor fit on my 2010 Sierra. The holes dont line up properly I had to oversize the holes with a file. Keep in mind these were ment to be replaced as a whole door panel at $300 so considering this was $20 I didn't expect much. The old one is held into place with plastic rivets that have to be drilled out. The kit comes with a tube of superglue to try and secure the screws to the drilled out studs. The assembly broke loose after about ten times of use, I wouldn't recommend this for the novice. I'm going to pull it back apart and try using two part epoxy instead of the crazy glue.
Broke in 5 months poor quality!!!
Total Rip off! Can barely see the DRLs during the day time. AKKON Doesn't stand behind their product! Buyer beware! DO NOT BUY!
Does not fit the JKU! No indication of part not fitting the JK.
The gasket are rubber
The one on the driver door (most use) did not last more then two months. Looked great while it lasted.
This is the second set of these exact key fobs we have purchased. First set we bought at the beginning of 2018 and both batteries were dead. This new set we just purchased the batteries are dead as well.
All the reviews said they headlights leak and to silicone the seam on them to prevent moisture from getting in. I siliconed the seams and they still let water in and this is on a vehicle that is parked all of the time! Very dissapointed
Not impressed! I have detailed vehicles for 17 years and this did not work at all.
Wrong size they are bigger than 3"
They didn't fit like they where supposed to so yeah... I threw them out.
Made way too much noise.
Please don't waste your money. This is a low quality, pixelated sticker.
Recieved a product that was damaged. Seller never made it right. Out the money and had to buy another from a better seller. Filed a return and did all they asked me to do. Never received another or a refund... thanks to Amazon for making it right.
How is called plastic welder?!? Read the fine print, it won't bond polyethylene or polypropylene! Two of the most common polymers
This is a piece of junk. Don't buy it. It broke after 40 days. Spend a little more money and buy something decent.
The driver side plastic did not match AT ALL. I really needed to protect my car so I went ahead and drilled some holes into the plastic so they could kinda sorta line up with the holes. I basically forced it in there because I was desperate. But I am returning the passenger side one as I do not trust this product.
Poor finish, Poor fit. Cut my finger on the jagged finish. Holes didn't line up. Shipped back the same day and I had to pay for shipping. BOOO.
this is the 2nd one of these cables that went bad in just two month. The connector at the two vehicle only works when wiggling it I have a spare version of this item which works just fine but the 'coil' of the cord has deteriorated but okay in a pinch will be buying another brand in the future
The logo fell off after the first week
I haven't had the chance to use it as yet. I'll get back to you.
My 15" tire rim would not fit. The holes are not far enough apart.
The whole for the three prong is to small and the way the wrench is set up you cant use it if antenna is not mounted on a flat area.
Upon installation the tensioner is made of such cheap materials that it actually snapped when moving it to install the belt.
We returned. They were very flimsy and it was like sitting on a piece of papaer
Horrible! Doesn't have the notch for the light to click into it so it'll stay. It's just smooth. Will send back for sure!
Just install this item along with the new master cylinder on my 65 bus and upon test driving after the bleeding process I found that the stop light switch is leaking brake fluid out enough to drip onto my driveway. Very disappointed in this item and do not recommend spending your money on it. You get what you pay for for sure
No way is it the correct pump. The 2 hoses as well as the electrical connection does not fit!
Key chain broke after 1 day of use. Leather strap separated from logo piece. Disappointed to say the least.
Dislike, too short life., I only use 5 month, it is burning. Very badly.
Should have read the reviews. Worthless for the vehicle listed as being for.
I would like for you to consider letting me return these. My mechanic had me order these by mistake. He nor I realized there was a deadline to return them. He just finished with my car this evening after he got home from his full time job.
This product takes forever to inflate my car tires. Even after spending 20 minutes, the meter is wrong. Returning it
I have a slightly larger than average hand and purchased xlarge which doesn't fit
Materials are cheaper than expected since they brag on how good they are. Size tolerances are all over so the screw caps all fit differently. Once you install the caps, your license plate is on permanently, caps cannot be removed without breaking the cover, bending the plate, etc.. Looks nice but quality and install leaves a lot to be desired.
Unfortunately very unhappy, I doubt this is a legit Walbro pump. Bought to replace my current 450, and it was basically dead on arrival. Creates very little pressure. I doubt Walbro would sell this defective product.
Boy did I get taken to the cleaners on this one. It is a great size for a Barbie Doll. I have never been so disappointed with a purchase from Amazon until now. I wanted a small light, but this is crazy. Wasted money.
Only comes with one cap. Picture shows 4.
Did not fit and fell apart.
Can't get the unit to connect with my phone. I sit there forever and no matter what I do I can't get it to connect to the Bluetooth. I have tried unpairing and almost everything and it's just a massive task to get it to connect. Honestly feels like a total waste of money. I got it so I can clear codes on the fly as I have switches installed in my Jeep for manual transmission control that will throw a code when engaged. Haven't needed to use it out on the trail yet, but have tried a couple times at home and I hate having to try and connect it. Past the return window now so I only hope that someone sees this and can't point me in the right direction, because at this point I've pretty much given up.
It does NOT work on vehicles it is advertised to work on. You don't find this out until after you buy it. They did offer a return on it but got sick and didn't remember till after the dead line
Hands are very weak. Not good for everyday use. I have been using mine for around 90 days and she about had it. Save your money.
It was used on my car, and all the color came off
just junk the battery gauge doa don't buy
Was shipped a starter for a automatic not a manual
I bought the wire harness with the intent to make it work for my car. The wire harness was well made with good length wiring. All connectors were tight and no issues there. However, the harness was wired for a 5 prong relay but dipped with a 4 prong one. So, I have to replace it with the correct relay. This is not just a one off, I bought two harnesses and the second is the exact same as the first. I would recommend this harness for someone who is going to make changes to it instead of it being used as a plug and play harness.
Flat out doesn't work, paid $ to have it cut and it won't program,,, no its not user error,,, I've taken it to 3 places
They had great pressure, but they didn't fit a 99 Solara. The socket for the ball was not large enough to accommodate the ball on the hood. Sending back for a refund.
Didn't work out of box.
I ordered this item and 1 of the lights didn't work so I returned the item and Amazon sent me a replacement immediately but the second item had been previously installed so I didn't try to hook them up.
2013 Ford Explorer with owner - this card is INVALID and will not work in my vehicle.
I WAS PUMPING MY DAUGHTER'S VOLLEYBALL UP AND AT ABOUT 2/3 FULL THE PUMP STARTED MAKING A WEIRD NOISE THAT THEN GOT LOUDER AND LOUDER, THEN STOPPED PUMPING AIR.
Did not work ...Don't waste your time
Worthless. Bought two of them and the down button on both would not work. Paid extra for motorcraft and pow! It works.
Too bad,dind' t works for my honda civic 2003 lx,and they told me before taht it will.
It took these guys 5 months to refund the $35 core charge. I had to hassle with them on the phone and even with a FedEx # they denied having received it. As far as the pump goes, this one makes slight squealing noises once in a while just like my 27 year old one did.
Stop asking for my opinion!!!!
White paint color did not match my pearl white mazda. So disappointed it looks terrible
Didn't fit in my vehicle must have been a defective unit like other reviews. I went with Moog brand after this and it went on with no problem
Not the correct risers. Description 2 inch risers for 1 inch bar. The ones I received are 3.5 inch risers for 7/8 bar. The sticker on the package did say 2 inch riser 1 inch bar but the sticker was new peel off sticker and the sticker from rox says 3.5 riser 7/8 bar. Waste of money and time took me a while to figure out what was wrong.
This bearing went bad in under a year, asked for a replacement and installed it, 3 days later went for an alignment and was told told that it was BAD AGAIN!!!!!
First time we used it, the key broke off inside the lock. Have not returned from our trip yet to see how much locksmith will charge. Very disappointed with the quality of the key.
won't connect to ECU worthless and will cost 7 bucks to return. most disappointing Amazon purchase ever!
One light work and the other one doesn't
I had one of these installed for about a year and then it just started pouring when I opened the fuel. I had a backup because I ordered two and I installed the new one. It lasted one week. I went to go for a ride and made it around the block when I saw the gas pouring out onto my exhaust pipe. I went home immediately. Tried to tighten the filter but when I open the fuel line the gas just pours out. NEVER AGAIN WITH THESE FILTERS.
I have not recived the item!!! Were is my money?!
I ordered these struts for my 2006 F150. They arrived very quickly. The problem was that they would not compress at all. Detroit Axle told me if I paid the a deposit of a $100 that they would send me another set of struts that day. Over a week later I still am waiting on these struts with my truck on blocks. They told me if I pay this $100 that they would refund it when they got notification that the bad ones were dropped off at UPS......this was a lie. Now I have to wait another week past the time they promised me to get my deposit back. I'm hope the new struts they send me aren't in the same shape as the last set. Really just done with this company's lies. I only went with them because somebody told me they were good shocks and the price was right. Looks like there's a reason they price their product the way they do. Not satisfied at all!
Ordered these because my wipers squeak bad when using and these didnt make a diff....
is wrong one for my vehicle but yet I can't return it and get a refund due to I have to pay shipping back for returning product and be charged return shipping fees what good does that do me to return it when will cost almost same as if I just kept the thing ate the loss....
The first lock that we received did not have any keys for it, so I sent it back. after receiving the second lock which had the keys I was able to try it, it did not fit. I tried to modify it to fit, but my 2 inch trailer tongue still would not fit into the slot that this lock provides. Can't return it now...waste of my money
worse thing i bought ever in my life
PIECE OF JUNK Fell off mirror in less than 5 hours SAY YOU MONEY
Brake disc lasted only few months; it is now wrapped with only less than two thousand miles of driving. My car is not raced and 90% of the drive is free-flow highway. My last set of brake pads/disc lasted me over 85,000 miles. I did follow the break-in/bedding procedure completely right after the installation. I did installed power stop on my vehicle before but needless to say, I won't be a return customer of this company anymore. FYI this kit is installed on a 2011 Dodge Charger R/T max RWD.
Received incorrect package.
Does not fit the back window of a Toyota Tundra pickup
Returned product. Dangerous laser
The description said that it fits my 2007 Nissan Sentra, so after taking the car apart I found out it does Not. Poor packaging and missing parts. Do not recommend!!
Products appeared to be repackaged
It does not fit properly. I cant use my hand brake with this. And it is not deep enough
My fiance passed away on Monday February 27th wrecking her motorcycle wearing this helmet. It is cheaply made. My only regret is not know she bought this until it was too late. Helmet split completely in half. Do not trust this helmet to protect you in any fall.
Product came 1 day late and was damaged.
Really cool colors. I would have kept the seat belt pads in a second but the seat covers didn't fit well, slid all around and didn't keep the seat very warm. I went back to Costco and got covers that fit tight, padded and warm in these cold days. if it could be perfected I'd buy in a second.
Awful. Bent crooked poorly cut literally looks like scrap leftovers from larger pieces for a different application.
First of all I did a lot of research prior to deciding to use this product on the body of my FJ Cruiser. Most of the reviews were extremely positive. Now after having applied the product to my car, I would definitely not do it again. Contrary to what you may read this product scratch very very easily more so than a regular car paint. I was trying to save money and went the cheap route to do this and I would definitely not do it again. It's probably good for truck bed but as an auto body paint no no no.
The coil packs had my truck running bad and ruff
Get more light out of a candle!
The seller was selling a product that had the word China scratched off and the company name scratched off. I guess the seller wanted the buyer to assume it was a Ford part made in the USA. First I don't like my new products not looking like they are new. Second I am not fooled when the new produce says made in #####.
These lasted 5 and the controller box just died. For what these costs I really expected to get a longer life out of the product.
Not too happy not even one day of having them installed and one already went out
Not satisfied with these products. I am looking for replacement parts not press on decals.
My mechanic was using this to lift up a transmission which is the sole purpose of this product and why we bought it surprise surprise and then BAM! it cam crashing down and the transmission fell over onto the floor "LUCKILY!" not injuring my mechanics. The product is now broken and we plan on buying another one from somewhere else. Buy at your own risk
Not sure why this has such a high review. It basically does not work, unless you are telling me this won't work for BMW. For very minor scratch, it improves it for a bit. But for the most part, it is not effective. I NEED MY REFUND!!!
Plate is really nice until you have to put it on. When I put the plate on a stone came off and the anti theft caps fall off. I followed the instructions that were provided. Very disappointed in the item that I received.
Even though it's supposed to fit in 2011 Toyota Corolla, it actually doesn't. It's too long; the pedals get stuck in it.
Wow definitely doesn't look the same as sellers pictures, also doesn't fit 2013 toyota highlander.
Dont buy them used Customer service didnt even care or tried to do something about them selling broken headlights Buy them new
These shocks rode okay for about a month then they tossed us around the vehicle on every back road we took. They did the job i needed for a short while but i think i could have done better for only a little extra money.
This cap didn't fit my 06 F150, not even close. Not sure what happened, maybe I just got a bad part, but either way, the size was way off.
These are terrible and do not last. A complete waste of money, I will never buy again.
This does not fit a 2005 Pontiac Grand Prix as it said it would. It is also very hard to figure out. Took 20 minutes just to find out it would not fit my car.
Did not fit my X5 windshield as described
Bought this cover to protect my trailer. It ripped during installation. Four months into second year, the cover just shredded like tissue paper. I had secured it right and even cushioned corners edges with taped down rags to help. Camco does not have very good warranty and wouldn't stand behind it.
I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. The purple slime soaked down my battery terminal after a few weeks and guess what, my car wouldn't start. I had to clean all my terminals and then my car started. It would never dry. Do Not Buy!
I purchased a NEW lock. Product came opened and USED. Wear markings onthe lock as well.
Don't buy this product if you'll be driving you car in any kind of wet weather. For starters, the keychain remote NEVER worked from day one. They sent me a replacement, it worked for a week or so, but you had to be within at most 10ft of the control box for the keychain to work the lights. Than, with the expansion kit I bought for my grill, one of the splitters didn't work. Ended up having a replacement sent out to me, worked well for a month or so, now I'm having trouble with the splitter again. Now,(yes, there's more) the main light under the driver side just suddenly went out. After not driving the car for almost a week. Not sure how that happens. Personally, I feel as if the connectors aren't water proof. Even if you do tape them up. Not truly plug & play. Take your money elsewhere. I wouldn't be so upset if I cheaped out and got a cheap underglow kit. But this was supposed to be top of the line, turns out, it's not. Save your money.
This relay worked twice. First time perfect, second it welded closed and burned up my starter. In addition, did not fit in the wave runner. DO NOT BUY!
failed after 8 months. Things to note. Online purchases of the tensioner have no warranty from the manufacturer or the installer. This is a double loss once it fails or is not installed properly you don't get any coverage even if it is poor condition.
Bought these for my 2012 Colorado. Within 2 weeks, my passenger side light has condensation in it. Contacted the seller to ask what can be done and haven't heard a word.
Neither bulb worked when I installed them. Took the car to the dealer, who said they were both dead.
Disappointed. I bought this to install the door spring on a 2000 Chevy Blazer. The tool bent after my first attempt and was useless. Metal is to thin. 30 days passed before I could get to the project and now the tool can not be returned. Waste of money.
This product looks great, matches the dash great, adheres to the dash tray great, but unfortunately it shakes so bad it cannot be used. The problem is that the tray that this piece adheres to moves up and down if they made the plastic right angle piece a quarter of an inch longer so would overlap above the head unit this piece wouldn't move the way that it does currently. Unfortunately I'll be prying this off my dash and throwing it in the trash. This product must've not been tested. If the manufacturer had tested it they would've immediately saw the problem with the design and fixed it.
I never received this item the first time now you friggin threatened me to pay you after you replace my missing item
Item is not well made. And does not look like the picture.
Never received the parts, one week later and working on refund.
I do not understand how I am guaranteed delivery and then told it was delivered. Three days later I have not received the item. How do I receive a replacement since I have not received the first order.
Still haven't received the case if oil.
Narrowed this same tool from a friend loved it so much I figured I'd buy my own, product arrived today in some makeshift boxing along with the product being out of its package. Not really liking this site at this moment! Thinking I may send back I purchase through an actual supplier
This piece of trash only functions as a window breaker and seat belt cutter... do not buy. If you need it as a pressure gauge it will need to be kept under perfect temperature conditions and cannot be left in your vehicle, one cold season and this thing turns into scrap..
it didn't fit my car fx35 2007 .do you have the ones that fit
One works one doesn't!
How can Amazon say this part is compatible when it clearly isn't? I'm not waiting another WEEK having to roll my window down and open the car from the outside. This is completely unacceptable. The original part was an absolute nightmare to get out, and I'm tired of dealing with a cheap part that should not break, to begin with. 100% NOT compatible with 2004 Accord Coupe EX, driver's side door.
Just installed the Alfa Romeo light and it doesn't light up , can we do an exchange plz ?
Grooves in blank are not the same as OEM. Cannot start the car with it.
I'm surprised this didn't last much more than a year, what with all the excellent reviews. I guess it's not supposed to be outside? Anyway, it tore apart from deterioration. We have mild weather....no snow.
One tube was virtually empty so the product wasn't usable. Have used this product in the past and never had a problem before.
Did not receive part, was stolen from mailbox.
Bought for electric seeder. Worked for 3 months and then had to tap on it to work and then quit working at all.
I Never got it! Thanks alot!
Shocks are too big for my z, left my trunk spaced just enough to realize rain can get in lol
We were a little disappointed after all the good reference... because my husband couldn't get it to work...even after researching information and watching YouTube videos
The product didn't stick once taken out of plastic.
Ordered a 9007 size for my truck. Not sure what these actually were but they wouldn't fit at all. The two rows of LED chips are staggered and didn't know which went up or down. The fan/heat sink is huge so my bulb retainer ring wouldn't fit. Returned these for a set of Hikari Ultras which are amazing.
We thought it was 5 but only received 1
Thin, saggy fitting, will not offer any protection so why buy?
Did not use the gas cap comes with one already on
The plate with the nut does not stay in place inside. It needs to be bigger, or something to glue it up against the inside of the rack hitch. Slides back and forth. Bought it for a 1 1/4 hitch and bike rack.
What a piece of crap! I charged this as soon as I got it like the instructions advise and every month even when not in use and FINALLY when I needed it USELESS! WHAT A WASTE OF MY MONEY IM SO MAD!
This does not come as pictured. The frame is much wider than the edges show in this picture. Two different plates. I already have the original plates on my car from years ago just need a replacement but will not put this on my car.
I've maybe used this thing a half dozen times and will not take a complete charge. Lights up 3 of the 4 LED's but will never get that 4th light. Also dies very soon when using it, not holding a charge. My old one worked for 10 years and still going, this one not even 10 Months!
Poor plating scratches very easily with tool supplied.
This thing is complete junk! Works fine without air pressure. Won't work at all once the system is pressurized. Don't buy this thing!!!
constantly leaks out of the nozzle
Not happy to buy it. The hold was very week for adhesive. It started to leak out. I wouod definately not recommend this to anyone.
Did not fit my truck that was listed in the description
I ordered gray but the ones I received look beige.
it doesn't heat up at all..makes a horrible sound I give it one star couse there is not a half...
I will never buy them again! I bought them 3 months ago and already had to replace them!!
Didn't like this frame a lot of the bedazzled has already fallen off in the pack.. very poor
Orderd these tail light expecting at minimal to get the hardware no screws no bulbs no adapters for the bulbs found them at my local advance all in one kit same price very disappointed
DO NOT BUY!!! Bought product oct 27th and 5 weeks later it does not work!!! Can not be exchanged after 30 days and no link to contact seller.
Annoying having to hold the release valve on the tire valve and if you move it a lil it didn't poke enough so it took forever to air down... also the meter doesn't read accurate I had to keep using my tire pressure stick reader. I'm returning it.
Ordered a tinted they shipped me a clear one
I can't write one because although I purchased this product it was never delivered to me. Tracking through amazon states it was delivered and I was home that whole day but never had the package delivered.
Piece of junk. Mounted it to my camper and bolts sheared off on the second trip spilling my bikes and rack over the interstate. DO NOT PURCHASE!!!!!
Wrong post for battery cable. Soon as i started the car the alternator whined so loud it was hard to bear, over charging like crazy. Checked it out with a tester just poorly rebuilt, had its dings as well.
Terrible adhesive, does not stretch or flex to fit curves. If you don't make an exact paper cutout of the area you would like to cover, there is absolutely no way to make it look good. Not glossy as the title suggests, looks like plain carbon fiber without a clear coat resin. And once again the adhesive is garbage
I bought these lights for my vehicle and another and didn't have a single problem but bought another set for someone I work with vehicle and they were dim and only did red. I when through every theory and it ended up being the Bluetooth controller box was messed up. I was very disappointed in that because I had everything wired up and put exactly like I did the other two vehicles and it turned out being messed up from the start. And the sad thing is I can't find a replacement controller box anywhere on the internet but I'm going to keep looking but that was honestly kinda heart breaking to me and the person from work.
I tried to attach it to the car grill-cleaned the grill with alcohol as directed and put it on the grill. It fell off into the radiator area and I could not retrieve it. I never drove the car with the devise attached.
Checked make, model and year before buying these and they still don't work!
The hitch may be fine but mine arrive so scraped up I'll never know. It was delivered by FedEx.They are by far the most pathetic excuse for a freight company. Why any driver would leave a package that was obviously containing a damaged product I'll never know. The box had no padding at all. The mounting brackets were both protruding through the box. The paint was missing in many places. Now I have to box it up and get it to UPS for return. I have no idea how I will manage this task.
Took my Forester XT for an oil leak and they said the Oil filter was Aftermarket
The delivery person tossed it on my porch and i heard it up stairs. Didn't work, took it off right away.
The item will not fit on a 2005 Xterra as advertised. Since the power wire comes out the side the securing bracket will not fit. If the wire were to come out the back it should fit just fine.
This paint did not match my vehicle at all. Stay awY from this seller.
Really didn't like this roll. First, when opening the package and taking the roll out of the plastic, there were 2 punctures. Unacceptable. Secondly, vinyl is not that forgiving as far as placement and replacement. Overall unpleasant experience trying to use.
The lights flashed as I was driving down the road. It needed extra part to prevent that.
It never worked not even once. I returned it with no problem. At my Chevy dealership They had the same model number and brand but the color was orange and it worked perfect. Maybe the color matters???? I see that Amazon does sell a orange color one with the same model number.
no bad... but to many details .
Item did not fit my model Truck as advertised. Returning product
The length was correct but the adaptor to fit my car did not work. These will not fit on a 2014 Audi A4.
These claim to fit a 2010 Hyundai Elantra, but they do not! I returned them awhile back, and Amazon said they would remedy the issue, but 3 months later, they still claim to fit.
I Didnt recieve my product and it says it was delivered
This product is garbage. Not only did it freeze in my freezer. It expanded! Good thing I checked it out first or this garbage would have cost me thousands in pump repairs this winter.
THESE BULBS DO NOT LAST. IVE HAD TO REPLACE ALOT OF THEM. POOR QUALITY. THEY FLICKER
I've been trying to figure out how to get ahold of customer service and I'm not getting anywhere one of the lights stopped working and I'm pissed off this is the second pair I bought off of you guys this light shouldn't have stopped working like this in less then a year
Looks very very cheap if you can actually get it installed. I quickly removed it and send this back and just simply wrapped the area in carbon fiber vs using this. Save your money.
terrible the ones I received work for a week or two then fall apart and stop working
Brake shoes were no the right ones even though it said it fit my car. They were way to big
Plugged it in . Blew my cigarette lighter fuse . Need to get backup fuses before I try it again.
Can't receive my usual radio stations. Tried it in different locales to see if it worked any better. Will be returning it and researching, perhaps it needed to be slightly taller..
It's a piece of junk, the paint is crudely painted on, the logo is misprinted and smudged and it DOES NOT FIT A 2015 FZ-07
Very cheap mirror. It is very thin and doesn't quite fit in the corner of my side view mirrors.
I bought 3 pairs of these to have one in each stake pocket. They are a good design and built well. The issue is they DO NOT tighten up to the box surface. Tighten these as much as you can, and I made sure I had them installed correct many times, and these still can be moved around by hand. The clamp surfaces on the bottom side are too short. These will move around and remove the paint from the box top. Especially when loaded with tie downs. Good design but need this loose when assembled issue fixed!!
The one o got don't work, I need a replacement
Did not receive my package what so ever or usps decided to lose it. Paid for one day shipping. Should have got it on the 22nd but still have yet to receive it even though the tracking system says received. Really upset about this since I paid $54
Worked for a few days. Used this to keep crew safe during search and rescue deployments. Extremely unhappy with it cutting out on us and leaving us unseen for duration of deployment.
I have not received this item but says it was delivered
This part was garbage. It swelled up and came apart just a few weeks of install now there is transmission oil everywhere
The moment I received the part, I went to put it on and it wasn't an exact fit. So I go through the return process on Amazon and company has completely ignored my return request.
These fell apart and broke on first use! Very bad smell as well. I hate to give a bad review, but these were bad!
Worked for 4 months. Got 10k miles out of it. Has failed. Just buy the OEM Siemens or Bosch
I wasn't able to use this. Unfortunately I was in school and dealing with health issues and didn't process returning it in time. Turns out that my Santa Fe didn't have the set up to utilize the remotes. Maybe my son that's training to be a mechanic can add something so that we can eventually use it.
Does not reach out as far as my stock antenna
Did not get even close to all of my money back
Just a total mess trying to put it on. Waste of your money.
was delivered on time...have not used it yet
I liked the product. It fit perfect on my truck and easy to setup. The only issue I had was the stitching has came apart after less than a year and I can't close the cover now. I have been sending return and exchange requests for a year. Even called Truxedo but since I bought it through amazon they have to file the claim. I have requested a return or exchange but have not heard back from Amazon or the seller.
This compressor no good the ac clutch shorted and seized the compressor
Instead of just blocking the sun like I wanted it blocks your view entirely
Not great quality at all. I put in two rivets and the back-end for each rivet stayed on the rivet versus separating like it is supposed to do. It could be user error, but I doubt it, this tool is extremely simple. The third rivet worked properly and the back piece separated as it should. I had one more rivet to put in and it also seemed to work fine. I went to change the end for a different size rivet and pieces of the grip from the inside fell out. The tool is no longer usable for anything.
The steel is very soft and weak. No idea where to buy an American steel version of hard steel. This can be easily cut or broken with little effort.
Along with others, I ordered the Flag-It brand American flag to complement the Colorado flag. The Colorado is the Flag-It brand label, professionally printed, as shown. The American flag is NOT the Flag-It brand, it's smaller and looks as though it was printed on short run printer. Crap product, misleading listing, not worth returning.
Was never delivered.
Helmet itself is nice. Don't be fooled by the guise that this doesn't give you mushroom head! It absolutely does! At least for me and I wear a medium. Sent it back immediately.
The bulb lasted only 10 days. My original bulb lasted 7 years.
I was unable to pair it to my 2003 Camry XLE. It was fine up until actually pairing. I might need a locksmith now ðŸ˜’
This is not as pictured. Straight up liars. This is a classic example of what happens when you don't read the reviews.. This is a piece of garbage, and the sellers should be ashamed of themselves for selling this. You make dodge look bad. Lol
The second trip we took with our kayaks the front crossbar fractured and both of the kayaks went airborne. Luckily no one was directly behind us at the time. Obviously, we were very lucky as this could have been a disaster. Now I am very paranoid about traveling with the kayaks on the roof again. Yes, they were installed per the instructions and strapped down very well. It doesn't matter how well they are fastened if a crossbar breaks.
Me and my friend both got these light's for are trailers neither one works now after first use.
Poor quality product, tail lights were installed properly but did not last two months, left rear started flickering and now doesn't even light up anymore. I triple checked all my connections and still nothing!!!
This is how my product arrived! I have to eat the shipping cost too! Not happy
It did not work. Very disappointed.
I order and original Drum from EZGO like the picture that they show but they send me a China drum bad quality
This is not the item I received. What I received will quite obviously not work with my key fob. I'd give 0 stars if it were an option!
This suction part of it broke off on the second day of use. Don't understand how anyone could classify this as fantastic. Was away and came back 1 day late when return policy expired.
Would not accept a 2014 F150 key right out of the box. Returned for credit.
Not bright as advertised.
Don't buy it, poor quality, after I installed the whole truck front was too flimsy, the seller is gonna say that I bought it too long ago, but still even during the installation was already like that, could you imagine how would get with the time...it was one of my time off projects and I lost too much time disassembling my truck front and at the end of the day it was even worst than before!!
Arrived damaged and not useable.seller was absolutely no help and doesn't communicate.
This product was delivered July 16th and it is now September 8th and it has completely disintegrated and fell apart would not recommend
This is not what I ordered. I ordered chrome. I received black in the mail
Received with a broken 12v plug. Have to submit return.
The nut that accepts the threaded bolt (which connects the bike carrier to the hitch rack) is welded and the welding is defective. One trip is all it took for the nut to come loose and so, it is broken. Cannot tighten the bolt anymore. Luckily the pin stayed, otherwise it could have caused a major accident because the bike carrier could have come loose with the bikes and hit any cars behind us. So, watch out. This is not acceptable at all. Now, I have to manually saw the bolt out and somehow remove the rack to return. What a pain!
I'm glad I never had to rely on this. I gave this as a gift, only to find it had came apart one day for no reason.. Just fell out.. If it can fall out with hardly in trauma, how is it going to break a window to save my life?
Plunger broke on the second tube of grease. I was not too happy.
Ordered this product September 20 , today is November 3 I still have not received it .
I charged this product and put it in my vehicle so it was ready when I needed it. I went to use it this morning and when I hooked it up and pressed boost, the device started smoking and got really hot. So now the device doesn't work and I couldn't start my car. ** 2 weeks ago I was told by the seller that they would send me a new one, yet I have received nothing. Save your money, buy another brand**
very bad quality. wire easily broke. does not oscillate and only has one setting.
Rubber is too weak. When replaced with a strong replacement rubber, the plastic part are inferior and will not properly latch and will need to replaced by a superior part. The old rubber being replaced was still stronger than this brand new rubber.
Put Mirror on truck properly. Within 3 days it fell off. will never buy again.
I was sent the wrong part or actually the least expensive version of it and was charged the full amont
Now must wait for refund to amazon gift card before I can reorder the correct product ! Probably had happened before as someone had clearly marked (with big Sharpie ) on box opposite sticker that colors were wrong !
This product was a replacement for my original dodge Durango key. I purchased this in 2017 but never used it until 2019. I had both keys programmed and the key cut. They both worked great. After a month of use, the first one cracked and fell apart. So, I got the other one from my husband and used it. Now that one has a crack and came apart. I put it back together and now I can't lock nor unlock my doors with the key. I am so disappointed in this product. Did I wait to long to use it or what? If I have to purchase another, it will be through the dealership so I can get a warranty on the key.
Packaged terribly and arrived mangled.
Does what it is intended to do. But cheaply made and very flimsy.
Not as advertised,of low quality, how do I get my money back, what a rip off!!
It does not improve anything when applied. I had to go to Amazon site to get instructions. Bottle is not in English language.
Worst cover I've ever seen. I bought this so I could keep my car at my parents while on vacation for 3 weeks. After 2 weeks my dad contacted me to let me know the cover was ripped and shedding a powder from the top layer.
I don't usually bother to rate tools, but this one demands it. My recommendation .. don't buy this tool. Bought this because I needed to adjust the shocks on an ATV. (I adjust them with the wheels off the ground so that the stresses are lighter.) It adjusted the front shocks with some difficulty, but somewhere along the way it bent before the rear shocks were attempted. This thing is 3/16" steel but I was able to bent it with my hands? Damn I am strong. The only thing I can surmise is the steel must not be tool quality The bends in the attached photographs are sufficient to make the tool useless. This occurred about 1 month after the return period closed. The seller was somewhat disinterested in taking responsibility but Amazon customer support was great. I am returning the tool for a full refund.
don't purchase these... they are completely impossible to use. even with a crimper I have only been able to get a 50% success rate. if you can get all 5 connections to work on any given end your lucky. if you get all 10 connections to work out and get them together it's a miracle. they are cheap and a complete waste of money. these are a scam and the positive reviews are obviously paid shills.
I think the four star review on these is fixed because these light bulbs do not fit in the Chevy Camaro
Barely got warm. No way to clean it. No adjustable heat control. Total waste of money.
It sucks!!! It worked for 1 month and have not worked again. Now it's too late to return it. So I bought another for my husband and it works great. MINE does not!
Would not work with my 2014 Ford Escape . Quality seems great until it tore while trying to fit the seats.
Product fit well. Covered my son's 2012 Camry while deployed in the military. One of the securing straps came unthreaded from the cover and the cover came off. It didnt last one month.
I bought this item March 23, 2016. here it is two years and 3 months later, I have to buy it again. The original part lasted for 12 years.WTF!!!
I ordered 2 blue windshield shades, they were black with a crappy paint job. Not happy, will be returning them.
Product stopped working after 2 days. I tried to charge it and it never came back on
Does anyone know how to adjust the lights up I cannot get them to adjust up
If I could give zero stars I would customer service sucks they just give you the run around and the product is fake and doesn't work. The cd they send you is in Russian and doesn't work. What a waste of money. Their registration key generator program doesn't work
Looks like I installed women pantyhose on my door.
NEVER RECEIVED ITEM - AMAZON HAS DELAYED DELIVERY DATE REPEATEDLY AND NOW SAYS "Your package was probably delivered, as we expected it to arrive by now." AND THE SELLER HAS NOT RESPONDED TO EMAILS SO I'VE ORDER FROM A DIFFERENT COMPANY AND IT'S ALREADY OUT FOR DELIVERY
Control box burnt out within 3 months. Now an entire new kit has to be installed. Would not recommend
Gasket didn't fit properly
These ARE NOT intended for the model years they state. They are 2 OHM speakers and the factory Harley Davidson speakers are 8. The description is incorrect.
This was sent Signature required !!! Since I am not home when UPS delivers, it was a total pain in the rear end to get this package. If your not home to accept packages then DO NOT order from this item !!!
Won't pick up any stations every other car picks up, I'm removing it and putting back my old ugly antenna at least it works
First, the package was all messed up. Second, this mini cost $80 more when I ordered it... JUST 3 weeks ago. They jack up the price for the holidays. Third, I ordered two and one got "lost" and had to be reordered and did not get here until 5 days after x-mas.
Part was defective and would not operate. Company authorized a refund and expected me to cover the shipping back. Do not buy from this seller, I am out $60.
They're made to thin your brake pads will fall off And they charge you to return him which is Bro crapp Do not recommend this item at all
AC never worked. Went camping after fully charging it. The 5 watt led string of lights was powered for a few minutes before it stopped working. This is a POS.
I bought this to try to balance one of my tires. When I got it I noticed that the unit was not balanced when I put it on a perfectly balanced floor. The bubble would always tilt to one side. I tired to use it and figured I might be able to compensate for that by shimming one side of the unit, but I could not get it to work properly. Part of the problem is that I noticed when you put the tire on there you have to tilt the unit a few times to ensure the weights you have placed on there are actually in the right position. A few tilts and spins would change the location of the bubble and with this unit not being calibrate properly that task was nearly impossible. I contacted the seller and after going back and forth for days, sending pictures, etc. and finally getting frustrated and telling them I will never deal with them again they finally refunded my money and told me to keep the unit. Fortunately the unit is made of aluminum so I can easily recycle, which is the only thing its good for.
The product did not function and had an internal leak upon installation. Could not return product as it was not installed until after return time period had expired.
Just now getting around to putting this sensor on my Tahoe 7 months later and confirmed that while it will fit it is the incorrect sensor for my vehicle and will not program.
I threw it away on day three when the gauge was off by 20 psi. Poor quality tool
The baffle is too small to do its job right.the hose that comes with it is a plumber hose for a kitchen or bathroom sink and in no way a automotive hose and is very soft and flimsy and no way heat tolerable.the breather filter is of poor quality.im disappointed that this cheap china garbage is allowed to be sold on Amazon.i would never reccomend this to anyone.
Was severely disappointed with the construction. As you can see it came misaligned. There is a gap of about 4 inches you can see right into the back, defeating its purpose. It had a bunch of sticky double sided tape on it. I am going to return this and recommend staying away from this item.
I bought 2 shocks but only one came with what I needed to mount them. The other was missing a bolt washers and the rubber bushings that were needed to install. Not happy
The product itself is fine, however my husband ordered 2 but only received 1, never had this happen before. Don't know yet if the company will make it right and send him another one if not i will be sending the 1 we got back and reorder from a different company.
Horrible doesn't stick to anything
After being on my valve stems for seven months, these caps could not be removed. They had to be cut off, which destroyed the valve stem. they also turned from black to a golden color. A very bad idea to use these. Corroded terribly.
Didnt like due to forgetting to grab remote to turn the off
I bought this hose, waited 2 weeks to install. Not a month later it's leaking.
This product is a complete piece of shit. The charge ports can't even hold a charge or send a signal to anything else when you put a plug or cable into it. There's not enough wattage to support more than one product to charge.
They sent me the wrong color trim , I wanted the blue trim not the grey
I used them for replacement mirrors on my bike and they are very very small smaller than the factory mirrors I cannot use these mirrors
Cute at first but started to change color so no longer use
Just a plain piece of glass no cover Not worth the money
Not what thought it was
Nice kit except the holes didn't line up with the factory rivet locations. It was too far off to modify it. Sadly, I procrastinated too long to start the repair and can no longer return it.
It take too long to get the order and it did not fit and having trouble getting my refund.
Bought this part worked fine for bout 6 months. Replaced the gasket again then a whole year later have to replace the valve and gasket again. Tried to contact the seller befor the year warranty but they did not want to replace the faulty item. Warranty is a crock of shyt.
It said it fit my vehicle but it didnt
Got them.first day ,one does not work
Went bad in 8 months
These fender flares were garbage plastic that would've broken just from sun damage. Attempted to return them but they denied it because it was more than 30 days although they were never installed and we're still in the box
10 months after buying, it is fading. Not worth what I paid for it. Will not buy again from this maker!
Stuck to paper and won't stick to the surface.
One part was too small to fit over existing latch. Not functional.
Very very very poor fit. Do not purchase.
I was hoping that It would fix the leak after watching a YouTube video, but it did not. It just made a mess. It did not show where the leak was coming from.
This product is advertised as â€œfits allâ€ but it did not fit my truck. We ended up throwing it away.
Started installing same issue as other buyer the screw inserts that thread to door handle are held in by cheap glue. and just popped out
Ordered these to replace my existing boat trailer lights as they appeared identical to what is on my trailer already. Easy install with supplied hardware. Wired them up with waterproof wire sleeves and they we're working perfectly-just like new. The next day I trailer the boat for a fishing trip, splash it in the water, fish, come back home, and the lights aren't working at all. That's all it took was one splash in the water and they're toast. Don't buy these - I've gotta search for something reliable which appears to be difficult to find these days. Also they don't look like the photos - no screws on the edges.
I bought this because I wanted a lighter colored cover for my bike because it sits out in the sun. I didn't want black because I didn't want the heat for it that it generates. The picture for the item shows a grey color but I received a black one.
Broke while I was installing it.
Product did not fit at all.. returned and didn't get refund. Total RIP off.
This product was made of poor quality vinyl and wouldn't transfer to the surface being stuck to. Wouldn't buy again.
They bend at the corners.
These started to flash and or go out completely after 2 months or so. I have replaced all. Junk
This item is faulty. The cap is supposed to make a duck call sound when a vacuum is applied but it doesn't.
Bottle arrived in oversized padded envelope, NO box, no fluid capture bag, no safety tape on lid. Some fluid leaked out, don't know if paste inside bottle is adversely affected. Amazon does not provide a private way to lodge a complaint.
Picture doesn't show big ass frost guard logo on the front
Did not fit my Toyota Corolla and it cake folded with creases in it. Had to return.
I don't know if I got a defective sticker or something but I tried to stick this not only to my laptop case but also to my actual laptop and WOULD NOT STICK. I tried everything- the credit card, heating it up, everything. Not worth it!!!!!!
Ordered for about a month didn't received anything and unable to contact seller. This must be a scam
Poor customer service. Battery has week power
Piece of junk lasted 2 months. Cannot return after 30 days.
Does not fit my 09 Genesis, unfortunately purchased over 30 days ago. Doing research possibly something changed during 09 to 10. My filter is on top center back of engine block behind the intake. So be careful when purchasing. I read another review where someone had the same issue. Thank you for supplying the correct part number.
Delivery was great.Battery didn't last two months.Should have bought one locally at least then I could have warrantied the battery.I will not buy something like this online again,not worth the money.
Do not buy! Very cheap product and finish. You get what you pay for. The item when received seemed like was an open box. It was missing wiring diagram for installation. The bracket was loose so I had to replace the screws. I had it installed at a shop: first, the switch was a defect or open circuit. When asked the seller for a switch replacement, he responded that it will take 10-22 days to be delivered. Then wired them directly to a power source and ground and finally worked. Keep in mind, if you decide to hardwire them, they will stay in one mode. I chose the high beam. You'll need the switch to toggle through the modes. After two days of riding my bike, one of them stopped working and on the following day the other light died.
Terrible quality, put them on and everything was good looked great but first time I took them off my truck to rotate my tires all the threads came out and stripped out on almost all of them
Doesn't work at all. It makes a lot of suds, but thats it. I even applied a second coating, but got the same result. My water hose alone removes as much dirt as this. Very disappointed. I usually don't take the time to write a review if I'm dissatisfied, but this product is so bad I wanted to let everyone know. Can't believe Amazon would allow this to be sold on their site.
Went for a long ride and the sissy bar completely detached from the bike and i lost it on the highway. very unreliable, this was only my second day with the sissy bar on the harley.
i got the package in a loose plastic wrap with no protection took it out and it was cracked right down the middle. Thanks for wasting my money
This product is totally useless has no suction power
Power light didn't show up when I plug in the car
Was spose to b dual color harness and is only one color really disappointed first switch I had failed and now this replacement switch is crap to
First time using this product the strap broke and we lost a bike going down the highway. Also, the reflector arrived cracked. Not happy with this product.
It's says it's been delivered... But it never came.
i didnot order any membership
Both turn signal mounts were broken. Rubber grill seal was cut. Definitely not happy with the quality.
Does not fit 2011 Chevy pickup
Functions manually fine. Fit is good. Easy to pop off switches if inserted at an angle. Does not work if you have keyless entry on a 1998 GMC Sierra Z71. If you lock with remote it instantly unlocks. Turns my truck doors into one of those "useless box/machine". Funny if it was someone else's truck. Doesn't seem to be remedy. Mine sat on shelf too long so can't return it.
Don't know what to do I just got it installed it started car heard a pop and now no spark again
This seller is a fraud. They took my money and the shipping number they issued doesn't even exist. I should have known better to buy anything from China. And don't waist your time trying to contact them. I did reach them once and they promise it should have already arrived and gave me a verbal discount. Well that discount still hasn't been applied to my card either. Word of advice, buy American.
2000 Tacoma. As noted in other reviews, the double sided tape is affixed to the wrong side of the plastic deflector. If you try to attach the deflector as shipped, you won't be able to close your window... and if you do, it takes the deflector with it.
Something very fishy here. Didn't have a legitimate tracking number for UPS. Also got lost in shipping after several late notifications. Positive reviews are quite possibly fake. I hope there is no trouble getting a refund.
It was a cheap plastic frame with sticker letters that peel right off. I would not recommend this to anyone.
When I received this item I was handed it from the mailman before it could even be put in the mailbox yet to my suprise nothing was in the envelope. It somehow didn't get mailed or was lost in the mail. I'm returning it as it came....empty. for a refund
Water damaged it in 2 days. Just half of the bar lights up
Product not working at all
I had read from another review how this item did not fit well. Sadly I took a chance and ordered it. I may try and make an adjustment, but most likely will send it back for a refund.
The lanyard only worked for a month and fell apart.
Had this product for not even a month and it already stopped working..
Specifically stated for 08 f250 and it did not work, the screw arbor bent while using
Came broken. The bright lights were always on. But when you pushed the switch toward the dash the headlights turned off. Other than that it was fine.
Like a cheap pair of sunglasses
Thought this was 15 for the pair but it's not its each part spent way more money than I wanted to, not worth it
Mega pain to use. After fighting this thing for 8 months, I packed it away and just lay the hose on the ground. A gnat could fart and blow this thing over. Not worth the headache at all.
Never received my package
IT WAS TO SMALL HAD TO RETURN IT
this is my forth set. i thought maybe i just had faulty ones at first. NOPE! 4th set also works like crap. some colors suddenly dont wanna function anymore. as you can see in the photo my projector set is blue and the signal set is green. i have it set to rgb white. when i do the rainbow transition it only flashes certain color. i was giving them a chance to prove themselves. but they proved me wrong instead. i guess you get what you paid for right? dont buy these people. go to Diode Dynamics instead
I own a 2003 Buick LeSabre Custom. The current MAF sensor I have is trash. I have a "Check Engine Light" on for low MAF pressure. Idle is shaky and is misfiring. I decided to go with this one to save some cash. I installed it and drove 5 minutes to the nearest WinCo's to do some shopping. Car ran flawlessly. No misfiring. No shaky idle. I came out 20 minutes later and the car wound't turn over. I disconnected the cable, drove home and installed the trash one I had before. Just avoid this. I know you want to save a few bucks, but trust me, skip this.
I never received this item
I have one that quit working after around a week of use
Clamp will not tighten up far enough to hold on 95 Jaguar Windshield visor. Too late to return (just tried it) and should fit if clamp only closed further. Beware about fit
The material was cheap looking fake leather
the starter worked fine on my 2008 arctic cat. after 45 days the starter has now went out and there is no warranty on it. get what you pay for.
Product came on time that is about the only thing that even gets it a 1 star. Last one week from install date and is already arching outside of the rubber boots. So now I get to tear apart the top half of my intake again to replace coils.... To anyone else spend the extra money and buy OEM.
Leaked first time I used it. See pictures. Very disappointing. Also, I had to keep pushing the lever repeatedly to maintain vacuum - which now makes sense if it wasn't airtight and was leaking.
When I received the wrap it was bent and had so many creases and made trying to wrap a disaster. Will not be buying this again. Disappointed.
Does not fit 2018 ram 2500
Is product will not work well for a 2000 Polaris Scrambler 500. It is completely backwards.
Buckle is way too narrow for most motorcycle helmets. It would be perfect if it were to fit most helmet straps.
I'm a rowing coach and we use engine cart everyday to transport our 9.9 hp motors to our dock. These are the worst ones I've ever had!! The instructions is just a picture of the final product. The wood is already broken. The cart is too narrow and it easily tips over. I bought 2 and only built one and that how it'll stay in the box. WORST CART EVER!!
Did not work , had to return them
When it came...multiple areas of chipping of black paint over top of silver metal. Though pretty well packed, still had lots of damage. Returned item...don't imagine it would fair too well being used as a license plate frame.
Okay to get started I bought these headlights because I needed some new ones and these just flashed to me, so I bought them well I hooked up the headlights and fog lights and they worked but when I came around to actually hooking up the LED wires they didn't work, lack of instructions and when I finally figured out what to do only the left headlight and fog led lights work, the right LED failed to work, very dissatisfied and disappointed in this product especially since this product was expensive and it didn't even work, not very happy
item defective, i switch has stopped working within 6 months of purchase and highly light use. can not find how to return. amazon website keeps taking me in a circle.
The are not bright at all can't even tell when you turn them on
Have not received my order
Totally wrong product then the advertised product.
i am very disappointed. i received the light cracked & It wil not mount properly and the strap got damaged and popped when trying not sure how long this will last but i am already disappointed that its defective ..it wont turn on!!!! waste of money
Trunk still rattling a lot
Started leaking on the front and back about a week after installing. Not sure what to do now...
This part did not fit well, broke the tab on driver door.
Item was received however it was not the item in the picture
Sucks fit is ok but shake alot and no anti glare give me a headache
One separated first week it was put on
I tried these in multiple vehicles as well as direct to a known good battery and not a single one of them works! Thanks for wasting my time...
It went bad after 3 days of me driving..
Never received it, and still haven't heard back from company after contacts; don't buy from this seller
piece of _HIT what a waste of money use a hose clamp with an allen head better and cheaper
Not a good product, mating connector does not match the Ford connector on my Mountaineer, will be returning.
Passenger side mirror was deffective, would not stay in place. Had to readjust everytime door was closed. Would accept return past 30 days. Had to buy mirrors from different supplier.
Poor fitment. Had to do some grinding of the ears to fit into brackets. Will by OEM next time
Installed just fine on a 94 Toyota Pickup 2wd - unfortunately they only lasted about a year before one blew. Swapped back the used OEM rear shocks that came on the truck in 1994 and back to normal. These are poorly made.
The product did not work for my truck, so I called their customer service dept and they emailed me a RMA form and asked me take the item to the nearest UPS office. I packaged the item and took it to the UPS store who charged me postage to send it back. This company is useless, they sell a product which didn't work and then had Me pay the return postage to send it back. I will never do business here again!!!
These things get pushed around, won't stay in place, you can't get them under the wheel. Dumb idea.
I pushed the button on the fob and the metal key piece went flying out,
The bulbs did not lock into my factory fog lights had to use zip ties to fasten them in. Suppose to be plug and play fit to my truck what a joke. 1 light worked for 1 day. These lights are JUNK!! Will never buy this brand again. Had to give 1 star so I could leave a review should b a zero.
Received item without charging cable
Wouldn't know...Amazon shipped me an empty package. How does that happen? I'm processing a return
No hardware. Seller doesn't reply back. Waiting on new hardware I have already paid for once
I must say that I am disgusted with C&M Trade. I ordered this tool box 5 days ago and it has yet to begin the shipping process. Didn't know it took 5 days to go from the shelf to the carrier.
My first one tore down the center seam after a few month. I figured that maybe I just bad bad luck so I bought a second one. The second cover didn't last a month.
Came off already after 3rd car wash. If you want these then car washes are out of the question.
It did not work! Sounds like tractor but did not work. After i checked my tires and tool me for an hour, I end up taking my car to gas station to add air again...
Lights worked great however one had stopped working last night, I purchased them back in December 2017 hoping to get warranty replacement, have not heard back
I'm all the way in Asia and bought it for my husband who is a car fanatic. Why on earth will this item ship to Asia when it doesn't work here??? I want a refund.
The picture shows 20 different clips and for $5 I would expect about that many. However this price is actually only for ONE clip! Picture is so misleading. The clips break so easily that buying one is a waste of money. Not happy.
product worked great on my 2017 cruze, 2018 camaro, and 2015 silverado. After 3 months it wont work at all. Try a new battery and still nothing.
This shade provides zero shade for the child, the light is literally shining through it. very dissapointed. Thought it was a shade I ordered before but I had to throw it out.
Very thin cheap padding in the helmet I would not like to depend on this helmet to protect my head
I could not get this to fit on #2 actuator (see listing photo) on my 2012 Chevy Traverse. It seems the metal part is a tad bit to small to fit the actuator located right behind the AC controls. I needed part ending in 141
The decal was not die cut completely so it tore as I installed it
Sitting on the side of road with a broken timing guide and a destroyed engine. Never again! Parts should last more than a couple of months.
No like is no universal
If I could give this no stars I would! So here's how this goes I received the package and inside is a pair of $25 Walmart rubber universal fit junk floor mats! So this warehouse deals place obviously either is trying to get over on me and Amazon or they've got a bunch of fools working for them that check returns in without matching the product against what it is they sold. Thank God for Amazon's wonderful customer service and the fact that they're going to refund my money so long story short , Warehouse deals and don't buy from them they're a bunch a scam artists.
They are made of cheap plastic breaks off where it sits under the hood while installing
Failed within 2 months
Well I received my package I called Anderson manufacture complaining about the pin that holds the ball together being stuck and not letting the other pin go through where it belongs they said they were gonna reimburse and send me another one but having got a phone call back or an email
Lasted 2 hours on 1 drive and then died. Checked out by technician, failure is in the light itself. Wish the cheapo would've worked out. You get what you pay for.
Biggest worthless crap in the world the throttle ring is too big so when you tighten the cover your throttle cannot move do not buy these a waste of time cheap garbage
filter looks good but package was crushed
The purpose of this is to hold your cup to prevent spills right? Otherwise you would just dump your drink all over the place which is what's going to happen when you use this garbage. Save your money and just dump your drink out. It will be quicker.
Does not work. I even used my husbands heavy duty shop vac and it still didn't do anything. Waste of money. I did read the reviews before I purchased and thought maybe it was being used incorrectly but I was wrong, it just really doesn't work at all.
One works great the back tire one shows 10 pound lower so if your looking for something true forget these!!!!
didn't come with instructions and went on line to figure it out but wouldn't pair with i-phone. throw your money in the river you'll get more of a return.
Terrible. They didn't fit like described. Because of all the rubber on the inside the throttle would just stick and doesn't move freely. To top it off the rubber rips of really easy.
Totally wrong screws! Not even close to what is pictured. I was looking for window hinge bolts for my CJ7 like what is pictured in the description. The ones I received are button head fine thread. I have attached a picture below. I would have just returned them but it's a pain and I'm not sure if This was the wrong screws by mistake or what they think is the correct part. Order with caution.
Fits 03 4x4 Dodge Cummins but fails quickly. Lasted 2 years
I never received the item nor an explanation. It took 10 days to cancel the order.
This was sold as fitting prius prime 2017. It does not fit! Maybe would fit a prius. The prius prime tray has a ridge and only filters with folds running across can fit because the ridge has to go in between the folds.
This is only for the driver side sprayer motor only..
ripped while trying to put on.
No beam pattern. It blinds everyone. I'm constantly getting flashed.
Universal seat covers. Back seat is too long for my 2010 Honda Civic. Once I was able to fit them in they look pretty good. Front seats look good too.
I had this get this product because the bike rack and my muffler of my 2019 Forester was too close. It works great and is easy to install. However, I give it lower rating because the only security you have is a single bolt that can be undone by either an adjustable wrench or Allen keys. Someone could easily walk off with the rack and all the bikes by simply undoing the hi-lo from the car. The only other solution is getting a long enough cable to lock the bike rack to the trailer hitch. This is definitely a weak point in security. Doesn't give me any peace of mind. You might say, why not just get your own hitch lock? You can't. The holes are threaded and only receives the provided bolt.
I am not happy with this product because it does not have flash patterns from middle of bar to left or right which is the reason i bought it to direct traffic away from accidents. I really should have checked the previous reviews before buying it. Shame on me. The power wires are also very thin and short, im not happy about having to extend the wiring for power and the switch because it is way too short. I also am finding out that trying to match these wires are an issue. I feel this item should come with longer power and switch wires and a lighter plug. For the record the wires look like Verizon telephone cables.
I bought this for my 2006 f250 2WD. Thinking this would level out my truck because the back was 3 inches higher. It did not install because it bent the spring over so much that it would likely have broke off. Second the spacer nut isn't long enough so I couldn't even tighten it all the way if it would have worked. I spoke with a truck shop and the guy told me you can't even install a 3â€ to a 2WD pickup. 2â€ is as high as it gets.
Don't waste your money. Repaint with clearcoat good quality spray work. Yep hard way but the right way that works way better than this crap.
Not like California Car Duster I bought in the past which was made with microfiber material. This new Duster is made with yarn like fiber which sheds and leaves red fibers behind when used. Not good for dusting my piano or cherrywood coffee table. I use it to dust off outdoor deck chairs since the fibers left behind will blow away in the wind.
Typically, I read reviews before ordering but neglected to do so with this purchase. They wouldn't fit correctly on my 16" OEM rims.
The Mercedes star on the front is smaller than the photo, I ordered two, both the same, its made ok, but better hats out there, and it took 5 days to get here, UPS cant seem to hit the right truck.
I am very easy going and don't complain about things but sellers who are irresponsible they need to be told that they are.I just got back from work and first thing open the box and I see that the part is defective.what can I do with it simple dump it and I want my refund.
Within 6 months of use, the marker lights started to flicker. Four of the eight LEDs were faulty ensuring there was sufficient power to the mirror itself. The defect is a faulty connection inside the light housing. After filing a warranty claim, a prompt response was received and the warranty was accepted. However, the return options given were appalling. Option 1: You send the mirror in, they verify the defect, and they ship you back a new mirror. All while you're without a mirror on your vehicle and YOU PAY SHIPPING EACH WAY.... Option 2: They invoice you for a new mirror. Once you receive it, you can send back the defective mirror. They will verify the defect and you get refunded for the invoice. Again PAYING SHIPPING BOTH WAYS. FOR A DEFECTIVE PART, WITHIN WARRANTY. This purchase was made with the understanding that I was buying a quality product from a quality manufacture. I have been proven wrong. They should stand by their products and those who support them. DO NOT BUY FROM APA.
Product does not work
Never received my package, I emailed the seller several times and they failed to return my emails or money!
Ordered this horn for my husband and he had the hardest time installing this. And he isn't incompetent! I did message seller and they did replace the item immediately, I was very happy with their quick response. Received the new horn and was excited once again, NO!!! The EXACT same thing was wrong with this one also!! Same horn, #4 i believe, wasnt working, he tried taking tubes from different horns and nothing. We just forgot the whole thing by now, and will be looking elsewhere and hope to get a working horn!!
Terrible product. Doesn't smell anything like new car. Smells more like a scented Ajax. Also, luckily, doesn't stay scented for long. Terrible excuse for a car product.
Had to use the second one in less than six months.
It worked upon start up. And now doesn't. Tested and is totally dead,
These latches are poorly made and frequently break under normal service. I purchased them to replace the ones that came with the factory RV build-out after those broke and these replacements don't last much longer. Either the black plastic tab breaks or the spring mechanism breaks.
Never received package it was sent to the wrong address my mistake then when I went to the post office to pick it up they had already sent it back.
If I had known the length of the bulb I would have known it would not fit in my path lights . Because I had to wait for electrician to install when I found out they would not fit I had missed the return deadline .
Bought May 2018, left me stranded September 2019. A standard battery at half this price would have lasted much longer. Trash.
Ball Hitch lock broke in half after getting hit with a mallet.... Key was locked up so we used a rubber mallet and it broke of the trailer. So much for that......
I purchased a pair of these in April 2016. As of January 2018 they are broken. Tailgate will not latch. Garbage.
The plastic holder for the Bluetooth unit broke in the first 5 min . I had to glow it I don't like the equity of the sound to it's very week
DONT WASTE MONEY PRODUCT DIDNT EVEN SHOW UP WHEN IT SAYS DELIVERED! When the delivery company says something otherwise!
Absolute perfection. Perfect for all glamour girls! Unfortunately, extremely Poor Quality. Disappointed. I had to purchase nail glue to reglue the rhinestones. Update: The nail glue was a temporary fix. Over 50% of the rhinestones have fallen off. I had to throw away the entire key fob shell.
These mats are extremely over priced, and while excellent floor coverage, and they appear to be good quality, they look and feel cheap, due to the plastic nature of the materials. I prefer, and I am used to, that rubber mat feeling, where your feet do not slip and slide on the floor area, like they do on these mats. These are not rubber mats, but are recycled plastic(must be cheap to make, and high profit). In my 2009 Camry, the passenger side fits perfect, however, the driver's side has an annoying gap or buckle on the vertical right side, so they do not fit perfect there, and thus, are not a perfect "laser cut" fit, on my car. I have other high quality Weathertech products that are great, but these are not! I almost returned them, but they do have good coverage on the floor area, and I did not want to go through the trouble of returning such bulky items.
Did not fit my 2017 JK, alot of struggle and aggravation for nothing. When installed my door was unable to be shut without slamming it. Lots of gaps, would not recommend for a jk past 2014 model.
Its waste of money, poured in as instructed. It did not seal anything, the coolant immediately ejected out of the radiator. Might as well spend the money to replace the radiator for long term success.
looks great but mine blows fuses my regular one works fine but can not figure out why this one blows the fuse but the regular one works fine. has anyone else have this problem.
Hard to review and desperate unit from seller, Thus far the seller has been great! Unfortunately I can't say the same about the product. First thing to go was the voltage selector switch, need that...next was the port to charge the unit, in both cases the buttons fell through into the unit. The unit is sealed. Repair would be difficult. Sad I really like the unit but poor workmanship wasn't very good, over all my opinion is poorly designed. Thank you Mason
Has the right chip. Has the wrong frequency for remote portion.
The mounting brackets do not fit. And you can't even put the mounting bolts in.
Product is too small for my steering wheel & has no stretch. Went to see how to process a return & the total came up to $13 !! That is ridiculous & unfair that I have to pay even more for a product that I'm unable to use !!
My product arrived on time, but was missing the bolts to install. Great looking handles. Box was not taped at all and flap that closes the box was open . I must contact the shipper
I had to bend them a little to attach them to my bike but they are too short I cant rest my feet comfortably on them
Tried two of these, both widely inaccurate.
So after purchasing this product with my prime account it shows up a week after it originally said and when it actually did show up the box was damaged. NOT happy at all.
One of the clips broke the first time I tried to install it!
Does not come with the flasher relay product description makes it seem like it does u will need to buy a flasher relay on the side just buy the $21. And change unless u already have flashers. Other than that signals look grate. Super easy install
Don't buy this product. The product arrived with numerous scratches...not sure if the product was originally that way or if it happened in transit due to the fact that it was not bubble-wrapped. On top of that, the product comes with stickers affixed to it. Really? Why would you affix stickers directly to it? And why would you not bubble wrap it?
Said it fits y car to big
Bad description. Not the correct cap for my 2011 Silverado. Did not fit and was not the correct color.
Good decal and quality but only recieved three of the original 4 tht I ordered. Al of them arrived at different times.
but as soon as I tried to fit them before paint they don't fit , wrong shape and rear are too big for wheel opening
As with many other reviews, I have received a kit that definitely looks as if it has been used. I did not purchase this as a refurbished or used item. While all of the parts are purely mechanical, and a few scratches don't bother me, it is worth noting that for the price I expected a new in box item. Cannot and will not recommend this product or brand in the future as it seems I cannot trust their company to provide new in box items.
Product was delivered on time but did not remove wax from plastic as promised after following directions. I would not recommend this product.
Doesn't work at all and can't find a refund avenue.
Wrong order It was supposed to come with a removable scarf and two different interchangeable lens covers one tinted for daytime and one clear for night time this was more expensive than Walmart the exact same one
Product failed after two uses. Successfully pumped ~30 gallons used, warm, thin hydraulic fluid from drain tub 30 feet to collection tank during heavy equipment service using 1" hose. Overheated and failed next service attempting to do the same with 50 degree used 30W oil. Also, the hose barbs are screwy sizes for US hose IDs and leaked because of that. Not a quality product.
I should have listened to the other reviews that said this tool would break easily. Thankfully, the replacement cam chain tensioner came with a tool, but I had to take it off the new part in order to remove the old one. Used that tool the EXACT SAME WAY (twice) as this junky one and it never broke. Sad I wasted my money.
Little metal nub that locks handle into jack broke off on first use......And felt handle was a bit short.
Did not receive this product they sent the wrong ones. I jave been told since the replacements are in the mail. This has been going on for almost two months.
not even one month after using it the battery exploded!
The Tpms lost signal from the sensors one by one within the first 10 miles. On the return trip with speeds over 70 mph. They all quit working again. Upon stopping one sensor started beeping with over pressure
Didn't last for 2 months.. sent them an email twice but they reply back with same pre set email without even read my complaint..
Does not fit a 2009 Pathfinder. These were too small.
It was the wrong part so it was return.
The experience of purchasing these hubcaps has been extremely frustrating. They arrived late and upon arrival, we found that they DO NOT fit a 2009 Nissan Sentra, despite the website clearly stating that they do. We've been trying for two days to return them, to no avail. The company has offered everything from a 20% refund to 75% in lieu of a return and full refund. After stating I wanted a full refund SEVERAL times, I was told, by the seller, that I'll have to pay return shipping at 50% of the cost of the hubcaps, plus a 20% restocking fee, but, they'd still be willing to offer the 75% refund. At the time of purchase, the product was listed with free returns and there was no mention of a restocking fee. This company is the least reputable with zero concern for the customer. The product description was inaccurate, but I need to pay for that?
I did not like the fact that the mesh webbing was the only item provided. did not match the picture or the text.
The item is listed for a pack of 5 round rocker switches, I received a single oval switch. I needed 5 for a project and the holes are required to be round, the product didn't come as described.
The inside of the tube was rusted as I took it out of the box. The bottom threaded hope worked, but the top had such poor welding the bolt wouldn't go through to secure the pole. Returning
The cup does not sit flush against the door.
Update to my last review, after two months does not work at all. The car door opens and the car starts when the key is in the correct pouch and the flap is closed. Do not buy unless you plan on buying new ones every two months.
Super sloppy! Doesn't fit well and rattle around. Don't waste your money, it's garbage.. Amazon has other alternative for less price that fit better and are way lighter.
This coil is already used ðŸ˜¡ the packet is open and dirty
Not what the picture looks like. product shipped has a 30 degree bend instead of a 90 degree bend. Picture does not match product. Comes in a box made to hold bars with a 90 degree bend but arrives with disappointment.
I only got one emblem and it said 2 piece.
not quite at all....and outs out to much dust causing it to squeal
This is a complete failure for your money buy Milwaukee tools dewalt are junk if I could return this piece of shit I would complete junk like most other power tools from dewalt
Item showed up damaged
These items were badly warped. I tried to straighten them but they cracked. They are nor worthless. SAVE YOUR MONEY THESE ARE JUNK!
I was gonna install this part but does not fit the way its suppose to. Does not fit like the old part does.
This isn't for a 01 suburban it's not even close. There's not even a way to build a complete pump out of the old one and new one. Returning this pos and getting one from a local parts store
Fun idea but not worth the money - it doesn't work - very disappointed!!
I thought this was a good way to protect my connector. We had a few days of rain, and the cap filled with water and turned the plug pins green and nasty. I took the cap off, cleaned the plug. I went back to letting it dangle pins down. I had hoped this was a good way to keep the plug clean. Guess not.
This is complete garbage my first trip with this on my roof and I lost my entire load that's worth $400 worth of stuff all over the freeway I demand a refund regardless of the condition of the roof rack now that after it got ran over and I had to go pick up all my stuff off the freeway. I followed your makeshift directions did all the test make sure didn't shift, move or anything and it still came flying off.
Got these in today and the suction cups are so deformed that they will not attach anywhere on my windows. Also the big one is huge. I did not realize it was for the front or rear window. The pictures on the ad are deceiving. It shows one of the smaller shades. I went to return it and it's going to cost me seven dollars to return them when it was a $12 item which is absurd!!!! Not a Happy Momma!!
They looked great coming out of the box, all shiny and polished... less than 5 months later they are all rusty... Very disappointing!!!
These are designed to stick on your paint, not slip inside like the better brands. And the front two door shades are too big. I requested a refund within moments of opening the package.
Company sent me a nissan bed cover,I own a Dodge Ram! Nobody is willing to send the correct one. I'm very disapointed!
Never received item, had to contact customer service for refund.
It only comes with one cap, picture shows 2 and post does not specify. On top of that the price is outrageous, esspecially for just 1 cap.
I already buying 3 sets and just because all ways 0ne o those stop working si so what we can do to fixing this problem is bearly a year so we can replace for me please
They won't even go on the seats. They are too small.
Install was easy - which has nothing to do with the part itself. Had the initial burning smell people have described post install. Fan speeds 1-3 were much slower than normal. Burned out today, had to keep the windows down for a good 10 minutes on the road. Lasted exactly 1 month - guess I should have known. I'll buy a reputable brand next time.
Bought these to add a little classier look to my new rims. Huge mistake. It fused to the valve stem and I ruined the getting the cap off. Going to be an expensive repair.
These covers had to be returned because they were so cheaply made and so hard to put on and stay on that I spent the money to ship them back. That was well over a month ago and I have STILL NOT received my refund. Shame on them!!! NO I do NOT recommend this product to anyone!!!
This thing was a terrible buy!the fit was pathetic!costomer service terrible!talk about a bunch of untalented folks!buy an oem Polaris windshield if you want to be a happy camper!
very unhappy with product me and a couple others tried this but it didn't work. i had given as a christmas present but missed the date to send in for refund
Do not buy this product from the seller if you are not willing to wait for 2 month to receive it. I ordered the above product on 11 of Nov and the expected time frame to get the product is on 27th of Dec. There is also no description in the product that it is getting shipped from China.
Seemed well put together out of the box. Plugged it in and it instantly locked my brakes. Bought a Hopkins from a parts store and worked great.
Had this fan only 2 months and it is already dead. It quit blowing and there was a strong electrical burning smell. I removed the fan and something locked up inside the motor so the fan won't turn. Can't recommend this fan.
Hard to attach to head rest. The straps should just go over not cross in some strange reason
These were nice for a few days and then 3/4 fell off my car.
I am so annoyed. I used this maybe 3 times and noticed a big scratch from one of the magnets. I threw the product away. Would give zero stars if possible.
The sticky tape or what ever that is on the back of this is crap. It was maybe stuck on for a day or two max. If you track snow in from your car and it melts it will undo the tap and this thing will start sliding all over the place. Would love to get my money back if this company will take it back. Definitely not worth the money spent. Might as well suck to the old tennis ball on a string.
Hardware didn't even fit. Had to use original screws. Not sure what the spacers are for. At some points on the mirror I see a double image which is throwing me off. Get what you pay for I guess
Keys did not sink up to ignition. Only good to unlock door but the key fob can do that
Grill didn't fit securely and once I tried to snap it in place a clip broke off.
Good product but doesn't fit all inner wheels check before you purchase
The digital numbers stop working on the read out , now it's a guessing game on the amperage
They fit my 2005 M50 with no problem. Screwed right in. First problem, the lines on the lens, the left side is parallel with the ground, the right side is 45 degrees off. Makes the bike look funny when looking at it. Second problem, after 3 months and 3k miles, one of the smoke lenses popped off the "chrome" part. I think I will just invest in LED's next time.
Very disappointed with the packaging. FedEx driver handing me a thin plastic bag with no protection at all. Box was ripped and had some dents on the corner of the battery.
QC issues all the way around. The first order I cancelled was charged and sent anyways and the order I did want came in wrong. emblem itself looks pretty good though.
This brush pushes hair to one side where one can then vacuum it up to a certain extent. But, I found that it missed too many hairs that are deeply embedded in cloth. I also found that if I got a small plastic dish with water and dipped my finger tips into the water repeatedly, my fingers worked much better than this brush at getting hair out. Perhaps, in a wetter climate, this brush might work better. I really wanted this brush to work after reading all of the positive reviews, but it has been pretty much a bust.
Since the headrests don't come off in my car I couldn't use these. Bummed too because the return shipping is not free! The material seemed nice, but I'll never know how well they would have worked since the design is pretty silly with having to completely remove the heat rest to install.
I had high expectations for this item but unfortunately I'll be returning it! Looks and feels cheap! I'm afraid of putting items because I don't want it ripping apart. I guess I'll have to keep searching for the right one for me..
I like the dark gray color and overall look of the sheepskin. This seems well made, but unfortunately gets too hot for me and within minutes. I ended up flipping it back and forth to get a 'cooler' side for the duration of the ride, eventually giving up and removing it. And it wasn't even warm/sunny. The search continues.
Product seems nice and sturdy, good design but doesn't actually work, no matter which way attached to the light bar, the bar you are attaching it will won't have any clearance.
Ordered & received 3 bottles. One for each Harley saddlebag and one for the garage. The spray nozzle operation became intermittent on 2. Real pain to get dependable spray. Final straw. During 6 day California ride spray quit completely. Ended unscrewing nozzle and flipping fluid with pickup straw onto the windscreen. Only one bottle sprayer still works. Going to Walmart see if I can find smaller compact spray bottle to fit in the Harley saddlebags
Cheap Chinese garbage. No holes for wires so be prepared to drill those out. Compared to the si wing I currently have on my car (replacing because leak) the dimensions are similar but definitely different enough to be noticable... If this doesn't mount to the factory holes when it finally stops raining enough to do the work, the review is dropping to 1 star and will be contacting for return.
I'm giving 2 stars because of the lack of support I received from the seller. I emailed them 3 times through here and the email address in the owners manual. The lights did not install very easily and they don't fit the same way on each socket. The headlights are the same brightness in low or high beam. The manual said to contact them for a â€œkitâ€ that they would send out for that issue. Never got a reply from any of my emails sent to the email address in the manual, or to the seller. All emails were not responded to. I do like how much brighter that they are than the halogens, but not being able to use the brights. I'm not impressed with either the seller or manufacturer.
I usually wash my car every week and I like my tires to look shiny. After applying the Shine Spray, (and letting it air dry) the shininess only last 3-4 days.
There is no way to get to the top mounting holes. I tried unscrewing the plastic Ram head and one of them broke.
Was wrong color. Did not use.
Bought this product in the March and my right headlight has gone out now twice. Lights look great but for whatever reason one of the bulbs is faulty.
Remote doesn't work, put new battery in it and still nothing. Stays on Green, none of the colors work, can't turn off unless I disconnect power
I TAPPED A WALL WHILE PARKING. IT CRACKED IN 2 SPOTS
They do not fill the space completely on my coupe. The space left between the light and the body is pretty bad
It start of spray foam for 2 second then goes to stream.. doesn't maintain the spray pattern so disappointed
Missing a very important part. Waiting on seller to contact me and see if they will send the missing part. Box was damaged so it may have fell out.
DID NOT GIVE ME THE RIGHT AMOUNT OF HEAD BOLTS. HAD ONLY 3 SHORT BOLTS AND 1 EXTRA LONG BOLT. HAD TO BUY ANOTHER SET TO FINISH THE JOB
Bumper came with scratches and a dent that cracked the chrome. The top pad also wasn't attached correctly. This has caused me to miss an important deadline. Only upside is it came a day early.
Received a kit for additional displays... Did not receive product ordered, if I did I would be writing something complete different.
Two of the six didn't even work.
Very hard to work with. Kept sticking to itself and creasing. Had to throw away.
Needs replacing within 6mos
Dislike that fact that there the same length as the stock shocks. There description says for truck's with lift.
Had cut at lock Smith. Key programs and works fine but the keyless entry remote will not program to the vehicle.
The key don't come with transponder chip.
It came broken and the box was damaged and roughed up.
I was not able to drive onto them as they frustratingly squirted out from under all four tires at every attempt in my garage. So a jack will be required to lift each corner to position them under the tires. And my current floor jack is not low enough to fit, so to even use them I need to buy a new low-profile jack. It's not worth the extra expense and hassle, so they hang in my garage unused.
This filter is too restrictive, and induced a slightly rich fuel/air mixture condition on my Civic - like I have a dirty filter. I chased my tail for months trying to remedy the problem - replacing sensors, using hotter spark plugs, fuel additives, etc. Went back to using a Honda OEM air filter, and the spark plugs went from a sooty black to a recommended brownish color again. The filter is well constructed, but does not provide enough flow.
CANNOT REMOVE KEY WHEN LOCK IS OPEN.....CANNOT ACCESS MORE THAN ONE COMPARTMENT WITH ONE KEY UNLESS LOCK EACH AFTER OPENNED.
Very cheap looking, not wide enough for Tahoe 2nd row. Attracts dirt
to small. I had to ask someone to try to put it on for me. it is otherwise a great buy if it fits.
I installed this in the drivers side of my truck about a year ago. It was weak from day 1. Fully broke about a year later. Spend the extra and get metal.
receive only 2 lights out of 5
bought this at the end of June 2019 and it flaps in the wind now...it was great for the first 30 days then lost the elasticity and now is just an eye sore....loose and flaps on the bottom....Velcro does not stick and YES I did follow the install instructions.
These fit along the front edge of my 07 Odyssey bumper. Note that you also need 8 MM for the rest of the undercarriage protector. The reason I gave 2 stars is because the design of these clips makes it so you can't put pressure on the clip without activating it. There are other clips on amazon that have a separate piece for the inner and outer section. This allows you to put full force on the outer section, then later push in the inner section. Since the inner section is integrated into this clip, you have to try to push on the edge of the clip which is much more difficult.
The product creates a lot of marks of water on my front sheild
No more shine. look too old after few months. How to return it?
Not quite right for my car... they're designed to have to cut up to fit.
The Fram air filter was... well, its an air filter. The negative side is that the recent new packaging technique Amazon is using by simply slapping a label on the manufacturer's box. The filter I just received was in a very thin display box. It arrived with the filter having been bent in shipping and the box totally destroyed on both ends. There was not even tape on either end of the box lid to prevent the item from falling out. Obviously, it had. I do realize that packaging and shipping is a major cost in selling products. However, if the manufacture does not provide adequate protection for shipping, it should either be available in a consolidated order, or a shipping charge applied to cover the cost. Either way, shipping in display boxes is NOT adequate for shipping damage protection.
Glue on some of the letters did not hold up making me lose some of my letters.
I expected something of higher quality. I'm using them but the are cheap.
The fit was not good with the fan. It was a lot more narrow than the original radiator
Don't expect the cord to impress, unless it's just there for looks. The one I received would provide a small trickle, and most riders ended up with like 2 percent more battery after disconnecting.
9 mos. old, worked ok untill now. opened door and handle would not return to normal position, can push handle in & it stays. will see if i can get a free replacement !!!
1 ballast worked and the other would crap out after 10 seconds. Tested on both headlights with the 1 defective ballast and it would repeat on each headlight.
Not shure if works rest of parts don't work from Amazon purchased all new part
This was very difficult to work with, even when laid flat and let rest it still had a terrible curl to it making it impossible to tint my taillights. Ended up throwing away because it cant be used. Will end up having to pay someone to tint my lights.
I purchased this product for my honda accord. It fits nice but i noticed difference into the air in the cabin. I dont think and do not believe that there is a difference and the description is a little foolish
Product was easy to install and looked as I expected, the plastic was cheap and cracked after a few days, I suppose to due to heat?
We bought this and it didn't fit, so did our Amazon return....they shipped it back to contact seller, who wants us to ship it back at cost to us. So this thing will now be shipped FOUR times!
Looks good but the tape just doesn't hold. In this Texas heat and wind-they are coming off. Needs better two-sided tape.
drivers side mat moves needs to be bolted to the floor.
the site glass leaked
This fits very loosely. Will need some kind of silicone or something to hold it in.
Super cheap and didnt fit the cable worth a hoot. I would return but would probably cost more than it's worth. Would not recommend
Extremely disappointing. Did not fit 70% of the compartments and didn't come with any liners for the backseats where my kids sit- where I really need them. Not worth the $ next time I'll buy some from Walmart
They are cheap. The teeth on them are so small the don't grab onto the metal to hold down the ladder rack
Headlights were professionally installed and adjusted. I find they are very dull. I have to use high beams at all times. Miss my old headlights.
Seems like a quality product, however, did not cover the scrape on my chair.
This backpack isnt comfortable at all, the amount of friction leaves a painful burning feeling on the inner front side of your shoulders and the straps are obnoxiously huge and get in the way thay you cant even move properly.
This product ships fast but it is not the best light for my fog light the light is very scattered and does not provide the clean cut off as my halogen. They are more of a decorative nature than functional one. i am going to look for another product. i gave a 2 star because of the shipping speed.
It fits correctly however, did not notice any power gains. Caused high idle and a fault for rpm higher than expected.
Not very good. Disappointed in quality, thickness and fit.
I like the looks of the lights, installation was easy. Light color is great. Very bright. One of the 2 has some strange flickering vibration type issue that usually happens right after turning them on. Not sure what is going on with it.
Liked them at first. Then one of the fog halos now intermittently turns orange instead of a white ring. Not happy.
Bought these in Dec for Xmas. Almost 5 months later there are pealing off. Not from the side that stick to the truck but the side that sticks to the visor. As far as the fit and look its good.
When I revived the product it was half full as it had leaked during shipment .. kinda dissapointing
Broke again in under two years. Now I'll have to replace it again. Big waste of time and money
This was not even close to fitting my 2019 Honda 420. Was easy to return and got a full refund.
I purchased this over the winter and haven't used it until just last week I had a weak battery so i figured now is a good time to try it out as my truck was closer then the nearest outlet and it over heated and melted so it no longer works, i dont know if I did something wrong I mean you just plug it in righ?
Went to install this oxygen sensor that was "promised to fit" only to discover that the connector on it was EXACTLY the same connector as was on the car. Meaning same sex even. Not a chance of it plugging in. We had to cut the connector off and go thru the hassle of splicing the old connector onto the sensor. Then shrink tube it with melt-wall shrink tube to keep water out of the under-the-car connections. Once that was done the sensor did work.
Almost a 3 out of 5 but just couldn't do it. If you just want to cover up ugly buttons, get these. If you truly are picky and want a good stock alternative...DO NOT BUY THESE. Buttons are too small to line up over originals and the holes that are cut for the amber lights (on, defrost, etc.) are machine cut and are cut off center. You will get some white area around your buttons. Huge miss.
Ok, update to my review... after only 15 months one of the Lasfit bulbs began to flicker on and off. Very disappointing. I was extremely satisfied with the Lasfit headlamps I purchased. A very good value (price was affordable), easy installation (a have a Toyota FJ Cruiser) and great customer support. I recommend Lasfit over the plethora of competitors! The lights produce clean white beams of light, much better than my original factory incandescent bulbs.
They look awesome but you need to use stock hardware from the grom and add spacers so the throttle doesn't get stuck.
The keychain looks great but comes off consistently. Did not notice one time and no I have no keychain.
Ended up breaking within 4 weeks, had it attached to a low pressure nozzle and the end came off
Battery gave out after 2 months
works ok, as described
This compressor was originally adequate in performance, but totally failed after 1 1/2 years. Other reviewers have had better luck than me -- but now have to do over again and will purchase a different compressor.
thin and cheap looking
Looks good. But I didn't realize it said ice blue.. I meant to order ice white.
Unfortunately it does not fit my 2013 F150 steering wheel. I should have measured my steering wheel but i didn't. Measure your steering wheel before purchasing this product.
Did not see in the description that the headrests must be removable to install these seat covers. Mine don't come off so these are going back.
Great product, but came without the tip when it was shipped. I'll go back to the store to buy more of these.
I'm about to put these scissors jacks on my camper I looked at the screws that came with the scissor jacks and they do not self tapping screws so you got to drill a hole to install them. Now I am putting on my trailer and you have to have the right metal drill bit. The screw that came with box are 3/8 . You need a metal drill bit that just smaller. DO NOT use a 3/8 inch drill bit. It's to big. USE a 5/16 metal drill bit. There are no instructions so you're on your own. .
I would not recommend this product, especially in cold weather. The keys are cheap and bent easily. Even in nice weather the keys are difficult to insert into the lock. When it became cold at all the key hole would become frozen and would only function with a combination of WD40 and by muscling it, adding ten minutes to gassing up. Eventually the entire internal key mechanism came right out of the gas cap making the product unusable.
Did not adhere like black color product has
I was extremely happy with these lights I've had em for a little over a month ago of the 9 I put on my truck 3 work fine the 6 others all flicker rather unimpressed by this product
Did not fit the truck very well. Front mats shifted when the passenger door was closed because they were too wide
Item arrived timely and was as described. Immediately after installing, I removed the plate & returned to the seller. Seller took 50% of price (including tax) as a restock fee and claimed the item damaged due to the screw marks left on plate and a scratched "L" to which I disagreed. On the phone they quoted their return/refund policy. It was a really nice detailed return policy that covered why they held 50% of the refund. Here's the problem, their return/refund policy was no where on the listing. I even looked again while on the phone with their customer service rep. Nope, not there. It would have really been helpful to know their return policy in advance to buying the item. Update: the seller "Driver Mods" kindly sent me a screen print of a pretty basic and non-helpful return policy. It pointed me to Amazon's return policy for Amazon fulfilled items. This was a third party seller and it does not apply. Driver Mods has a VERY specific return/refund policy. If they really wanted a buyer to know what it is, then you would think it would be spelled out somewhere easily accessible. If you are interested in what it is, I would suggest calling them directly.
Wrong part, had to pay return shipping and 15% restock. Bad Bad Bad!!!
Worked Ok till I adjusted them. Once you adjust them it breaks the seal between the metal spray nozzle and the plastic housing. Now water drains everywhere but out of the metal nozzle
Wheels are poor quality, overall, a disappointing item of poor quality
Product is very flimsy and has a funky smell. Also, they look blue not clear. I guess you get what you pay for.
Does what its suppose to, but the res anodizing faded to a silver/pink within the first 2 weeks
it fits but the print on the product makes me wonder about the genuineness of the product, it's different than the OEM parts I pulled out from my car, and it's different from the pictures provided by the seller, and different than any online installation video/photo
Cheap material, did not fit like they should, difficult to put on seats.
Would like to give it a good review but they put a giant sticker over the instructions so I had to guess on how to use.
The hubcaps look good so if you just need to show the car, they are really good, though they do leave a lot of the wheel showing. That's the design. I bought two sets because one hubcap fell off the first set. I figured that was user error, but out of 8 hubcaps, 4 have fallen off. To be fair, they didn't fit the 2002 Accord very well to begin with. I had to clip a little off to get them to go on over the wheel. They break easy (not due to the clip I made) and the finish is peeling on one of the remaining hubcaps.
The tape doesn't stick very well
Pretty poor quality and fit. I had to modify it a LOT to make it even semi acceptable. The racks will only work on a smaller kayak. Do not buy it you have a fishing type kayak to haul.
My son, who has never before ordered on Amazon, did not read the specifications that the product did not fit a 2001 model, so I bought it from him since it did fit my truck. Unfortunately, the sound/reception quality is very poor. I missed my deadline to return it. I will have to go back to my standard antenna.
Everything seems to be decent quality but only time will tell. The only real issue is I bought it thinking the clips were included. Now from years of doing my own brakes I can say this usually means the pads aren't very good quality. Time will tell but if it's pictured it needs to be sent.
Morrow mounts started rusting in a week they do serve the purpose but I can't keep rusted brackets on the jeep I will removed and refinish them myself or build a better set.
You get what you pay for. No connectors, no instructions, just flimsy elastic tabs that rip off with the slightest tug. Seat parts don't stay put. Luckily I own a sewing machine and made them work with some modifications.
Lights already getting water inside after only 2 weeks install
These worked for my Jeep but I had to heavily modify them. Not the best.
Coating begins to deteriorate after a few months of light use and item is overall a bit bulky
I that it was 2 not one do now it a little useless
I had to return the items as they'll get me ticketed. You can't cover your plates in NYC.
So just recieved the product today and unboxed it and got it set up but when i tried pumping it up the hydrolic fluid started leaking all over my carpet. Going to take it somewhere to get it looked at
I watched the video multiple times and it appeared to be so simple This product does not work like the video I did everything the guy did in the video and I did not get the mirror shine
At first, they were fine. Besides not working correctly in a 13 yukon. Lights were dim individually, all on, they were fine. Rating is not because of that, I realize more than likely that is something to do with the truck. After about 3-4 months some started flickering. Removed them day after thanksgiving, about 1 year of duty. All 7 bulbs were somewhat out. So out of 8 chips , most only had 4 or 5 chips still lighting up. Which actually is still probably brighter than the oe. I would be fine with that, but the annoying flickering, strobe like effect is what finally brought me to go back to stock. And yes, I tried swapping polarity, squeezing sockets. Etc... so if it means paying more for something different, is be game, just wanted the dimmer yellow, more reliable option back right now
Its more complicated and it doesn't fit the seats like it showed in the video. I can't even put the back covers on my seats.
Red color fades out in less than a year.
The brush came in all crushed up to the point where only the first three inches of the brush was good. The package the brush came in was crushed so the bristles Where form to how the package it came in was crush
They we're not super bright at all would not buy again
Cheap piece of plastic. Not worth the price
didn't fit the model & year that it was advertised to fit
Don't purchase this set on Amazon because it is $8.00 cheaper on the Eastwood site.
I put this wiper on yesterday and was driving in the first rain today when I quickly noticed that it did a clean swipe coming up the window going to the left but left streaks going back down to the center. I've never had this problem before except with a worn blade. I'm not happy having this happen with a new wiper right out of the package.
Came all wrinkled some dandelion parts unusable
The tabs on the socket do not actually grip the tabs on the lightbulb, pretty much the same problem I had with broken tabs, they can vibrate right off.
Doesn't work for my Honda plastic rivets, but I'm not sure what it fits either.
I really want to love this decal, it's a great size,the design is spot on but since it came damaged I can only give it two stars. The Decal came in an envelope with on of my other orders, but since it's had protective packing it took a beating... Also I've had this Decal on for about a day and it's already peeling ðŸ˜‘
I'm not condemning the pump. It requires more power than my batteries can supply for boon docking even with my solar panels. I need a pump that draws less power and provides the same flow so my propane shower will function.
It Ripped the 1st windstorm we had. It is not easy to put on.
Install super easy and they kicked on as expected but have one bulb flickering which is really annoying. Hopefully I can get it swapped out and all will be well.
Didn't work like I thought they would and they are pretty heavy. Didn't end up using them
Break easily. Hole needs to be exact to install properly.
The plastic is pretty flexible so they slide down into the crack!
Clip broke almost immediately... Otherwise smelled nice!
Although I have tried other products of the same brand, but this product is very low quality.. One of the connectors cracked once I tried to attach it to the light bulb.. So I ended up having only one of the connectors.
Replaced bolts with grade 8, had to bend parts to make it fit the gutter. Would have rated a 4 if could have used it without working on it.
Cheaply made for price It was a gift and I ended up buying another brand because of the quality
I've had this light in my truck for a little over a year. It was bright and never flickered. Well I went to get in my truck today and it started smoking when I opened the door then the light went out. I pulled the light out of the socket real quick and one of the little chips fell off. Not saying it's a bad buy mine might have just bit the dust from age but I'd expect something like this to last longer than a year.
Sent me the wrong finish. Image shows matte black but I was sent glossy. Didn't notice till a month later and has been driving me crazy ever since.
Does not fit 2006 G35 sedan like advertised.
The light works fine, but aren't 8000 lm, only 3600 lm per pair, so isn't the light beam i was expected.
Suction is fairly good. Hose broke off attachment on first use. Tried to re-attach and it would hold for a bit, then come off again. Yellow rubber around end of attachments rubs off on car interior.
Very hard to remove the key
Seems to work but the gasket was dried out and cracked into 20 pieces when installed dont plan on using the gasket
I own a 2011 Honda Pilot. This part advertised for Acura (compatable with Honda). Quick and easy to replace...all said and done in less than 10 minutes. Saved 150.00 easy compared to local part stores. Since installed, doors now auto-lock after 30 seconds and all the windows and moon roof close (can change "Keyless settings" to do 30, 60 or 90 seconds). Learned the hard way...take the keys out of the vehicle (parked far out in the country). Used to be able to leave windows cracked. Even if using the remote to unlock, open driver door to stay unlocked, 30 seconds and locks again (windows go up). I knew there could be a risk, but my driver side window switch works!! It broke, so reason for repairs.
The sticker would be perfect if the size wasn't so small. Seller should put exact dimensions in listing. This MIGHT be a 3x3. MIGHT. Ridiculously small.
Very cheap. It folds easily and is some what compact but nothing comfortable or good quality about this product.
It was not the same as what I expected from the picture... waste of money.
Two units failed to pump after 2 tires inflated. Both returned.
did not fit my KIA Soul as described, the visors were too long ..
The listing for these brake shoes says they are AC Delco but only the outside box says AC Delco on it. The inside box and the shoes only say made in Korea and has a different part number. By the time I saw this it was outside the return window so I guess I'm stuck with them.
Still slips across the filter housing. Needed to shove a rag in as well
I am sure it is leak proof - but that's not what I wanted this for. I wanted a pretty trash receptacle that would hang off the head rest. It does that...but has a completely open top.... therefore every time I open the windows (which I do frequently) any paper / light weight trash takes flight in the breeze....and ends up all over the floor or flys right out the window.
Did not fit my RVs vent cover because it would not stay on the hooks holding it to the RV. Broke partially while trying to get pliers on the tabs to push them down and it still wouldn't stay. Had to buy other ones made specifically for my type of vent.
Made for super tiny feet. I got a large and they wont fit over my work shoes. I wear a 10.5 EEE
A year and a half from instalation half of the passenger side headlight stopped
Wouldn't stick at all I tried other adhesives I think it's a bit too heavy does rest on my dial that controls my touch screen..
As per some other review pictures, after very light occasional use (maybe 5 weekends) the front corners have worn through. Shame as they really tidy up the steps and look good.
It ran to small, had to return it. I have other helmets and compared the cm but they didn't match up
Nice finish but the buttons don't have the right feel to them as OEM. Too hard to push.
Wasted my money on this black colored shelf liner that didn't even fit right. Things still moved around and if anything looked messier. Ill do what I wish a lot of others would do, and instead of just complaining . Tell you what actually worked for me. Just 1 can of Krylon clear non-skid spray paint. Now, pay it forward my friends.
This cover was very disappointing! Covered our Chevy Tahoe from April to October in Yuma, AZ. Temps typically are in triple digits much of the summer. When we removed the cover in the Fall the lining was disintegrating through the exterior shell, which was tearing. Our money was wasted!
Only 9 months in and they have all turned pink. They're very well made. But now I have lmk light covers.
The color is not the color in the picture too bright of a pink
Didn't work won't return email request
It does cover the truck, but not completely. The bottom of the sides still has about 4 inches on each side to be covered and the front bumper still needs a few more inches. Super tight fit, I have candy paint on my truck and I feel like the elastic band on it and the tightness might scratch it when putting it on. I would not buy this again, but if you are planning to, I recommend you size up.
I tried to use these on my paved driveway and the camper tires just push them down the driveway. They need the non slip coating on the bottom more than the top. Hopefully they work better in dirt or grass which I shall find out this weekend. If not they are useless.
It's okay. I didn't get one with pointed blue color imprint, It was more square. The nose part kinda of bothers me and rises up to the eyes but to not badly. It keeps the wind out of your face but it's not warm witch is what I was going for. I still like it but I won't buy it again.
Ordered a window punch, received a handcuff key.
Tail lights look cool however they do not mount flush by any means and use different reverse bulbs than original very poor crafting quality would not recommend.. have not contacted seller about quality as of yet also hardware provided does not work gotta use original screws and speed nuts
Didn't really fit e70 x5. The dark blue and red stripes clicked on but not fully. It's enough to hold I hope lol. The light blue stripe had to be siliconed onto the kidney grill because it did not fit whatsoever.
The 110V adapter does not come with the package. Asked seller and no reply. The cap connection is also broken.
Cheap quality. Strap was too plastic and stiff to even button under the chin. Facemask broke within a week. The stickers that are on it wrinkled or crooked.
I used it and it didn't work well at all my glass had a film on it in the inside and outside window, was hoping it would work as it said. Not happy camper at all
I make a lot of key fobs and tried these out. They are actually slightly smaller than an inch so my fabric was overhanging the edge. These also scratch extremely easily when closing.
Be aware that this does not fit a 2018 Cherokee Latitude rear bumper screw in. The bolt is too small for the Cherokee but may fit the renegade.
This is a very cheaply made helmet. All foam padding and not true to size. I order a Large which I wear in most helmets and what I bought in a BELL, this helmet just flopped all over my head. Not worth the money in my opinion and not worth the risk of injury.
Ordered these as a gift and when he opened them the cardinal was on the floor mats but the word Louisville was not.
Bright, but one of my bulbs no longer works.
Item came late and broken... I tried to put the lens on not sure if it will hold.. would not buy from again
It was not as strong as I'd like
Made my Honda CR-V run rough. Switching back to old plugs.
The product was nice but the package came all bend
Not happy with the finish surface is now rough and no gloss
This light is not fitting like the original.It has gap at the side.
2 of the clips broke when i was installing them...i ordered another set to finish..i should have spent a couple more dollars in the first place..
This product did not fit as shipped. the distance between driver's side and passenger's side nozzles was too short. I had to swap this hose with the hose that goes from the T to the tank. Then used part of the old hose as an extension on the other side.
I purchased one a year ago it was brand new and made in the USA. It worked fine.... My last one I ordered came in a new box, but was clearly USED. It was rusted and dirty. Even the studs were worn from the lug nuts had been on it. I wish they would open the box and verify a new one was in there before shipping. I returned it, still needing a wheel hub. Debating on ordering another one, but right now I'm 50% on receiving new ones...
Bought this product to check on my 2004 Chevy Express 3500 which is the base for a Coachmen Freedom RV. The suggested iphone\ipad apps did not show anything beyond one warning item I knew about. That was on a free app I had to install after the other apps didn't work. On my 2017 Kia Sportage, it work as expected with lots of data and feedback.
Suck at fitting a 2018 Buick Encore. Might fit other cars better. Terrible clamps or hooks that don't stay hooked. Great neoprene. Bought in May/June and already ripped. Mats work perfect.
Doesn't help shade from the sun and the quality isn't that great
The hose barbs on this valve are undersized and do not make a snug fit in the appropriate sized tubing but are not long enough to allow a hose clamp. I had to wrap the barb with multiple layers of Teflon tape to get it to seal but I am still concerned that the hose could come off. I am having the valve replaced by my RV dealer.
I was not aware I needed to purchase two more items the cleaner and sealer which are not sold separately.
Where did they leave it,i don't see my package
Magnetic corners very small I thought it had flaps go go in doors I'm not sure it will work with our wind. Not real sure it will work. It's a gift for Christmas
Looks cool but set screws keep coming loose causing knob to rattle very annoying
Didnt fit my 2008 Chrysler town and country touring
It came nice and looks good but didn't last long at all. Bushing went in a month or less
Looks great, but key slips out regularly
Only enough to seal 3 fittings, the company could have done better.
packaged appropriately, the collar on the top pin was week and lose, when installing you needed a stiff collar to help the pin pop into the ball clip.
The red is a dull red almost looks orange, no gloss at all. And it has some red paint on the black outline of the badge. Overall, i think its not worth it for the price
Went to install tonight and found several wrinkles like the one pictured. Attempted install anyways thinking I could work it out to no avail. Guess I just threw $70 down the drain.
finish all chipped product seem strong keeping and will repaint
Didn't fit good. Falls down
On the positive side, this is a very good quality step that fits perfectly in trailer hitch and made it easy for my grandson to climb in the back for a third row seat. The problem is it's an excellent shin buster! It just takes one time forgetting (and it is black and not visible at night) and wham, right into the shin. After about 3 times of doing it, we removed it for good.
Not the best remote and not motorcraft, I had to replace the remote battery when I got it cause it's wouldn't signal the truck to open unless I'm like 3ft near the truck till this day I have a lot trouble opening and locking the well not buy again...
No sprayer. This is sellers fault as it should come with one from factory
I can see how some would like these, but they feel rather cheap in my hands, edges are to thin so it flexes and feels like it's going to cut into your hand some. Could be much nicer. I will stick with my 20 year old plastic pieces that work much nicer.
Looks great on but feels really cheap... bought two of them for each fob, one went on without a problem, second one split
Did not fit my vehicle. Shipping cost to return the item Prohibitive.
Avery is a lot easier to work with. Vinyl came wrinkled and I ended up putting a hole in it by accident. I don't have much experience but when I threw this vinyl away and ordered Avery, wrapping my roof was a breeze. I would not recommend this film if you're a beginner.
Well talked about too small of a sticker it's not very big at all that the size of your hand so much false advertisement would not order again
This thing is too flimsy and not good at all -/ It was a waste of Money -/ can not handle any weight - disappointing
NO RETURNS! Part arrived quickly, but it was the wrong part, even though it was listed as being the part for my vehicle. Return policy? NO RETURNS!!
Not at all what it was raved about.
Poor design on collar, set screw repeatedly comes loose. Doesn't fit well in housing. I would not buy again. They are bright, it's the only plus.
Not too pleased with these. Bought a set of 3 and only one of the 3 lit up when plugged in. Wish they would send me the other two.
With in one week after they got installed one of the bulbs stopped working
Extremely disappointed in these. Definitely do not appear to be 'hand-painted' nor is there really an ombre effect. These look just like the cheap version available for more than $20 less.
The main map bulbs in ths pack way to dim, I think they are the wrong ones, would not have purchased if I had known this. The rear passenger ones worked fine.
The headlamps were easy to install. There is a concern that they are two different sizes. As you can see on the passenger side, I can insert two quarters in the gap between the body and the lens. On the driver side, there are four quarters inserted in the gap. Not good.
The set I got worked for a couple hours, then one of the sides died. Not much heat power.
These looked nice when I got them for Christmas for my husband. After a month's use the color has worn off. Very disappointed. I gave 2 stars because the rubber mat started out nice.
Wrong size. It should be a long size, it is too thin.I do not like it.
Super cute Idea! But poor execution. The color of the arm and sticker of the reindeer did not match. The reindeer sticker should be more like a window cling vs a sticker. Sticker bubbled and never looked very nice.
Update: I was contacted by the company and they asked me to give my contact info so they can resolve the problem. I will update again if the issue is resolved. I literally put the lights on monday, one of the red covers fell off on Wednesday. So other than that....
Didn't fit my car so I returned it
Not high quality but I guess you get what you pay for. The stitching is unraveling on the seat after just 3 months of gentle use. Drivers seat cover started bunching from regular use (in and out) after just a few days. It's fully creased and bunched now and annoying to sit on. Save your money by investing in a product that is a little more expensive but much higher quality (not cheap polyester with no stretch).
Fell apart after the first use
BEWARE......The description is misleading as it shows the "kit" with the speaker and the brackets. But you only are getting the antenna package with the coaxial. Amazon was awesome and refunded me the entire order and sent me the return label so I could ship it back.. then I ordered everything separate, and still was under the purchase price of this item. I SHOULD HAVE READ THE REVIEWS SOONER. as several of the customer reviews stated the same issue. But I just looked at the star rating and not the reviews.. lesson learned. I am sure the antenna is wonderful. But I expected the "kit" pictured not just the antenna..
Got what was expected but hooked it up and only worked for one night and no longer working
I have the RoadMaster Sterling tow bar. Does not fit this model very well. It has to stretch over it and fits very tightly which is Ok I guess so it doesn't blow off. However, it is not a good fit. Plus the Velcro strap was not stitched on but by a thread or two. It fell off even before I could use it. Best to skip this if you have the RoadMaster Sterling tow bar. It might fit the blue ox.
Only liked the emblem lol fitting was really loose, it should have more tying ropes and it's not waterproof I guess it will do for now.
Looks great, easy installation. Unfortunately, one of the center lights doesn't light up as bright as the other side. I tried wiggling wires, rotating the base 180 degrees before inserting (only goes in one way, so that didn't work), looking at soldering points to make sure everything is good. Everything seems to be in good working order, until I turn the ignition on and one light just barely lights up, while the other one shines brightly. The amber LEDs work great, very bright, and the smoked lenses are awesome, just can't get over the fact that the center white LED doesn't shine as bright.
The sound quality on these speakers is very poor. It is very tinny sounding with no low tones. Would not advise buying these speakers.
What was there of the kit worked pretty well but had parts missing so hard to use old parts, what really bothered me is that they include a gasket for the choke but provide no diaphragm, and there was no choke spring as illustrated in the pic online
Wrong product for description
Less than a mth and my car wont start. Been late for work n missed work 4xs already. I hope I can get a replacement this is stressful
Pretty simple rig, but totally crap hardware. Others have mentioned the bracket fit. 2 of 4 carriage bolts I got would not thread. The machine was broken, so it was rings instead of a spiral thread. At this price point, the cheapest possible Chinese hardware doesn't belong. Bought new rather than hassle with return. If you want 2x12 size like I did, you can make them work. If not, look elsewhere for many cheaper and better products.
Lost a lot of the product during shipping due to leakage.
The fuses come apart, and break very easily! I would not recommend buying them!
They worked but do not fit quite like they should the angles of the bracket dont match the door pillar and the holes for the rivits are close to the outside edge of the pillar.
These covers are very cheaply made. They tore at the seams when I stretched them over my seats. And my seats are very standard size so it's not like I was trying to put the covers on something that was too big. Also, the bench seat covers for the back seat, the installation video even tells you to take scissors and cut holes for the seat belt buckles and anything else you want access to. Just my opinion but if I spend money on something I don't want to have to cut holes in it myself to make it work. Don't waste your money.
They fell apart when j used them
Wellâ€¦ They gave me the wrong bracket matching. They gave me 6 inch you bolts however on the four-inch bottom brackets therefore I can't even install this right now. That sucks
I looked around for a few weeks for a GOOD tongue jack for my enclosed trailer. I finally settled on this one which was one of the most expensive ones out there. I don't mind paying for quality. After opening and installing this jack it worked for about 10 seconds and then quit. It didn't even let all the way down to the ground before burning up. I do not recommend this jack to anyone. Buy a cheap one and take your chances.
Contrary to what the Amazon product description says, this does not set in 5 minutes and is not fully cured in an hour. In addition, the applicator does not dispense the two parts evenly. In order top get equal parts, I end up wasting a bunch because it comes out unevenly.
These were cheep, not well made, hard to work with and the instruction was lacking. I would not purchase them again. I did not return them since I installed them.
I figured I'd give the wifi based OBD a try but realized that it kills my data on the phone. Not a great feature. Just bring back the bluetooth.
It arrived in a nice box after 3 days. However the bow is glued on noticably crooked. Which is pretty annoying. I wouldn't care if this was like 5 dollars... but it was 20. I would expect a little more quality control. Also don't snap the screw covers on before actually assembling it onto your vehicle or you're going to have a difficult time removing it without damaging the little cover. I suppose that bit is my fault and not all that important but just a suggestion. It's still cute but really unfortunate I got one that looks messed up.
Lights stay on (very very dim) after everything has turned off.. may have drained my battery over time. Had to hard wire to factory wires because harness it comes with is incorrect. Fits great. Looks great. Works good so far. Just unhappy that leds stay on when power is off.
These are cute & blingy, but waaay bigger than i thought they would be, which makes them a bit clunky. Not the best quality just ok. One of them were loose almost about to break. I purchased 4 for all 4 car vents.The air freshener pads smelled like nothing/kinda stinky. Overall just ok but im still returning them.
Having to change my review. I Loved them at first. I put these on a truck that I only use once or twice a week. Paint is coming off. Even the passenger side that very rarely has a passenger. So disappointing. So with that said i can say that the finish on these are not durable at all. Everything else is holding up just fine. If you don't care too much for the warn look in a short period of time i can certainly recommend them.
They seemed to be holding up great, but after several months of being on my jeep they are beginning to chip and rust.
This was a gift for my husband he owns a WRX. Said that this didn't fit so he returned it.
Received today and tried it out. Oil has to be warmed before pump will work. Would not draw cold oil up the suction end. Warmed oil and placed container as far below the pump as the hose would reach. It took right at an hour to empty 3 gallons from fairly clean oil. Oil was used once to fry a turkey, so there was not much sediment. Brand new batteries but pump doesn't have enough power but to trickle oil through. I am now going to buy a filter and funnel stand and do it in 10 minutes.
Filter came with the logo the wrong way....
very yellow light .not desirable at all.
If you are using this while driving highway speeds daily look elsewhere. After 3 weeks and less than 1000 miles I have the throw them out. Self shredding and simply not as strong as anything I have used in the past, normally 10,000 miles between changes. Will not buy again.
Received damaged, looks used, scratched up when it arrived
Kinda useless was not what I was looking for.
The installation was pretty straightforward and went smoothly. My vehicle was able to pass Texas state inspection, but when I got it on the road, I found that they are too dim for safe travel at night. Luckily, I installed these on my teenage daughter's car and she won't be driving after dark for a while; I'll have several months to replace with something that is actually functional.
I have to say the Jack work well for 11 1/2 months of operation. Then it DIED suddenly in the middle of hitching my truck to the trailer. Simply because I bought the jack in July of 2018 and I didn't install it until the end of September the company will not honor or even help out on a replacement. Based on the lack of customer service they get a 2. Thumbs down
This is not for a Subaru, maybe another vehicle.
it has been a year and it is falling a part it would work inside only but it is not for outside in the long hot days but for the cost cant expect much
You get what you pay! One out of two keys a fail. Remote start does not work. At least we have one key that open a locks our Truck!
I have a club cart DS and this doesn't fit it. I wanted to return it and can not. So this very disappointing
vote still out some wrong parts in kit
These wipers clear the windshield well but are very noisy, will not buy again.
These stools are dangerous and will dump you on your ass very easily . Junk
Started squeaking and chattering shortly after the first rain storm. Going back to the cheaper ones.
Moves around and doesn't cover several inches on each side
Starts flicker and loses brightness
Ever since I replaced my old Fram cabin filter with this EPAuto cabin filter, the car has a stale, musty odor. Eventually as we're driving, the odor seems to dissipate; however, we notice the odor now every time we begin driving. I have not experienced this with other filters I've used - so I will use those others from now on.
Not much different than OEM. I'm actually contemplating returning them. I was expecting a nice hint of blue, but nothing...these are actually quite yellow. Did I get fakes? I don't know...but I know that it was a lot of $ I wasted on these expecting an upgrade. My car is a 2017 BMW M3 with projector headlamps
Product is cheap, rips easily.
Ripped on the front after month #4 (taking it off/on). Once it tears it doesn't stop. Month #6 we had a wind rain storm. I had been leaving the tail gate down (super tight), but the water drained. First time I left it up the water collected in the bed area and ripped the back really bad. Now it's trash.
did not fit my truck as stated
This tool is a waste of money. The first time I used it the threads stripped out.
This is the second set of these lights I've owned. Installed the first set on a utility trailer and they work great. Second set was installed on a boat trailer (last year) that sees saltwater immersion. The lights held up well but the wiring began to corrode immediately. The wiring is NOT marine rated as it is not "tinned". Had to rewire the entire trailer again this year to replace the corroded wiring. Should note that tinned marine rated wire is more expensive but for a reason. It can hold up to saltwater for extended periods. So my recommendation is the you purchase this kit for the lights but then also order (amazon has it) tinned marine rated wire in the three colors needed and use that instead. It's a bit more work up front but you will have lights that work a year(s) from now.
One light burned out after 3 weeks of use! I only drive my truck 3 to 4 days out of the week approx 35 mins with headlights on for each night back from work.
If I had seen this before I bought it I would have passed on it. If you live in a hot climate as I do in Florida this isn't for you. The material is cheap and the hose will actually collapse just from the heat of the day even in the shade. I would suggest looking for something better quality.
I got this product to try to fix the cruise control on my car. When it was delivered to my house, it was delivered in an envelope and the small box it came in was crushed. It was a miracle the switch wasn't broken during shipping. Before I installed this switch, the cruise control light on my dash would at least turn on, it just wouldn't hold the speed I tried to set. When this switch was installed, the light on my dash didn't come on at all when I tried it. We triple checked we did the installation right and we did. This switch just didn't work at all.
The first 2 weeks it looked great. This morning o noticed the white paint is chipping :(
Tightening mechanism defective for the rubber grommet to seal into filler on reservoir
One of the bulbs went out after only a few months - Trying to contact seller
3 dents. One on back, it will not show. One underneath, it will not show. Third on the lid, topside near the dee zee label., and this will show. I know I bought the amazon warehouse for a good price. But it probably should've been labeled as fair condition. And not like new. I can return it but than I'll have to buy a new one for $60 more. Wish I had more discount on a damaged product so I'm debating to return. The dent sits on a piece that can't be pulled because the it doesn't protrude on the underside. It's a multi layer lid.
Paid $23 on december 29th and now January 3rd its $33 ?? WTH?
Like the doors.....the order came with no instructions or hardware.
I love the idea of this product and unfortunately, the envelope compartment came apart at the seam already! I won't bother returning because we have a toddler and a baby so we want to keep our van covered, but maybe some extra stitching in the seams would help...other than that I like the coverage!
When I received the kit and opened the box that it came in, I noticed that the case was put through the ringer to say the least. The box that it came in was beat up, and the corners of my case were pushed inward. I haven't used the product as of yet, but for now the two star rating is for the lack of care for shipping the item. Will follow up after I complete the job on my truck to inform about the quality of the tool and ease of use! Hopefully it's as good as the reviews I read before purchase.
Gives off nice light and would be great but they don't stick at all. One of mine wouldn't stick period and the others all fell off within 10 minutes
did not fit my car even though it said it would i have a 2010 chevy equinox i dont know whos fault amazons or company
HUGE !! And I selected the ones that seemed to be the smallest -Under the eyes came all the way to the bottom of my cheeks and the nose bridge was at the end point of my nose. My Rx driving glasses are fairly large since they are bifocals, and these goggles still had a lot of room all the way around the top/bottom/sides. I will say that the lenses were clear and good quality - interchangeable from dark shade to clear to yellow night vision. Wish they would have fit, but I sent them back.
It came with a sensor and I ordered one without a sensor.
Doesn't stay on car well. Holders for frame very hard to use and they slide so bikes hit together and hit and damage paint on car.
While I was generally impressed with the light beam versus my stock Triumph Bonneville H4 headlight, it only lasted me 2 to 3 months before the headlight went out while riding. I replaced the headlight fuse which was blown, and it went out again later the next day. After taking apart the headlight assembly, I noticed something was rattling inside the LED headlight. I put in the OEM headlight and haven't blown any fuses. Not worth the risk!
The mounts themselves seem to be decent quality. The supplied bolt does not fit a 2003 Silverado 1500 (Amazon and seller claim it does). The supplied bolt diameter is larger, and does not fit. Had to purchase bolts somewhere else. These mounts are expensive for body mounts so this oversight is really unacceptable.
Did a great job cleaning the tank however it broke during first use. Almost lost half of it inside the tank and was barely able to get it out.
Works but has 2 leds that illuminate the switch. The one I received the top bulb does not illuminate.
Works okay, but only on flat even surfaces. Any kind of curve allows it to peal. Would not buy again for anything, there are better products out there albeit even if you have to cut it in half.
Bought 2 sets. Wires broke off one of the sets after being installed for a week. Hopefully the second set work fine.
Don't need a Box so Big for some thing so Thin . Rubber Blade was Unprotected . The Wiper I bough in E-bay that was Bosh Came with Blade Protection and the Blade look so Thin I don't think will last 3 Month in the Desert heat.
In my personal opinion it looks nothing like what I was looking for. Shipping was great though came in like two days of ordering
Just as cheaply made as the one it replaced. I suppose it could be made out of thinner plastic, but it wouldn't survive shipping by UPS. The removable screen idea, seems well thought out, at first. After you install it and put the lower ceiling trim back it, I found the plastic so thin, that it gets warped and the screen doesn't fit into all the retaining clips anymore. I should have known there was going to be issues, when just the shrink packaging it came in, was deforming it quite noticeably. When this piece of junk falls out of it's home, I'll probably replace it with something 1/3 the price, that works 3 times better. A whole roof vent assembly, with exterior frame, cover and screen, isn't much more expensive than just this replacement screen. It gets 2 stars, only because it actually fit.
Very nice. Looks sturdy, nice bling effect. However, it didn't fit my CLA 250. Only the larger bottom buttons fit. Sigh
When it worked, it worked very well. Fairly easy to setup. Unfortunately the motion sensor stopped working after a year, so now the laser won't come on when I pull into the garage.
They look sweet.. however, they are cheap plastic, and do not stay on by themselves. I tried just putting them on, and the lug nuts do not hold them on, I was able to pull them right off. I tried putting some washers on before the lug nuts, and that broke the plastic when tightening the nuts. I ended up going and buying silicon caulk to bond them to the wheels. They're ok for temporary, and the price, but I'll be just purchasing new real black wheels.
I can see why they had to fold the sticker in half between the words cause its too long, but there was bends in the words. sticker doesn't look good. I will be removing it from my car. The package they sent it in is good. think it was just a bad sticker.
This is a wonderful latch. I am rating is low because there is only 1 in a package.
I have this product on my boat trailer, although it does get put through some pretty harsh conditions, (salt water) i always thoroughly wash it and lube it. No matter how well I take care of it it still rusts.
Product was just a big clump. Did not spread at all. The can was impossible to open and didn't seal to use up the rest of it in my other motorcycle tank. Would not purchase again waste my money and money.
One headlight is flickering after a few months of use. Use another brand.
Didnt seat all the way.
So saw all the good reviews and figured this must be a good unit. Now I wonder if anybody that purchased this unit ever double-checked the pressure or if I just got a defective unit. None the less I cannot trust this after seeing the performance since I have a road trip in about a week. This unit was easy to understand and easy to set HOWEVER this unit is WAY off pressure. I have a few month old Tesla Model 3 and the TPMS indicated tires were low on pressure. All read about 37 PSI but when I hooked up this unit it read 30 PSI. I was a little skeptical but thought the TPMS sensors could be off. Aired up 2 tires to 42 PSI as indicated on the unit. I think turned on the car and one tire read 49 PSI and the other 46 PSI. I then pulled out the tire pressure gauge and sure enough 49 / 46 PSI when the unit read 42 PSI on both. I then tried another tire subtracting for the 5-7 PSI difference and found when I stopped the PSI on the gauge fluctuated about 2 PSI. This is just not acceptable. You reply on this unit to be correct and not to have to check pressure again. I encourage anybody that purchased this product to double check the pressures.
Not good for custom tires
Haven't tried it yet. The container was leaking, so I don't know how well I can use the rest of the product.
I have a problem with the blow off valve, it is not what I expected, it does not work in my car Subaru Impreza wrx 2003, it is supposedly universal, but it is not good, the question is, can I return it?
Vendor sent wrong part, two sets of rear mud flaps, missing front mud flaps!
They said they would fit my vehicle and they don't
Will not fit Chevy small block engines !!!!
They work, but you get what you pay for. The screws bend pretty easy. There isn't a flat surface for the screw head to bear on. The body of the hooks hit other coils of the spring and scratch the coating off, plus making it difficult to evenly compress the spring.
We bought this device to take on a tour in the UK. Five days into the tour, the device is charging our phones, powering a laptop, charging electric toothbrushes, etc. The problem is, after it runs for about 5 minutes, it starts emitting a high-pitched squeal, or an electronic growling sound, or it will alternate between the two. Turn off the power to the unit, count to five, plug it back in - and the noise stops. But it always comes back. Not okay when you're trying to sleep.
Very disappointed in this paint. The color was a good match for the color on my white Toyota, but the paint was a mess. It dripped and did not come out smoothly at all. I used it for my sideview mirror and it came out looking awful.
I paid for a complete set but only received half, I did a return so I'm waiting to see if the replacement is what I purchased
1 bulb lasted less than 5 months...
If looks is more important than having your radio this is the item for you.
They look nice but very cheaply made they're slippery on the chairs of my car I have leather seats they're okay if you can't find anything better but not to my liking
Was very difficult to separate actual stickers. Ended up cutting with scissors to remove and ended up using on vehicle but not happy with result.
It did not properly fit, I'm not sure why honestly as my car was listed as one you could use this with. If I turn this knob, I kinda have to play with it as it won't fully snap in.
This item gets dirty way to fast and it does not fit the car properly.
Because of all the padding the helmet looks big on me. Ridding with it is enjoyable that is what counts.
Not the greatest. They tear easily and get caught on clothes. The material sucks.
If it is windy, the wind will catch it and some leaves and snow can still get underneath no matter how tight you put it. If there is no wind it works great.
Better stopping power than a Bosch pad but the noise right before fully stopped is just too annoying I had to toss them. Go with Bosch!
Product has moisture in it after 1 day
Only had these a little over a month and 1 has already broke on us and when it broke, it flew up and broke a piece of window shield on the car.
This did not fit the connector on my 2003 Yukon. There is and extra guide separator between the prongs my old sensor only has one on the top,so it will not connect and it looks like the prongs inside are farther apart anyways.
These were cool looking. I thought they would be fine, but my DeWalt 1/4 driver broke the 3/8 drive then I put in the half inch same result instantly. So, if you plan to use these on a decent driver buy something better.
Mine arrived and I was very excited about it. Looked great. I was happy. When I tried to install it is when the problems started. It has to be manipulated to fit appropriately. After I got it installed I realized chrome was flaking in several places. In fact the chrome will peel off by just using your fingernail. I had to work on my light today, and Im not even sure I will put it back on my bike. Not a quality product. I will say, It arrive fast. I would give them 5 stars for shipping.
These did not work on my 2010 fusion. They fit the studs but would not hold the hub caps on. I had to return them. Return was hassle free.
*** update The handles have worn out and one of them broke off. I still use it but it's no longer as useful. At least it still holds stuff. Original comment: Works great. Durable. I ended up buying 2 of these after having my first. Do wish there was some sort of expandable strap for carrying on shoulder or in one hand. Great product.
Only half work the other half not working
Filter but no blue pre filter. Box was destroyed
The key fob looks right and everything looks right, but when you put the sleeve on your key and try to close the fob, it won't close all the way The key works. Kind of tacky. I should have just bought the cheaper ones.
The product was awesome in the beginning, super strong and sturdy but I've only had it about 3 months and then this happens. Didn't drop it either. Not sure if this has happened before but kind of disappointing. Not sure if I just got a lemon or what.
The product is good once you get it in working order. After using it for the first time the ground connection from the clip to the board broke. I then had to Re-solder it back together.
had to buy the correct hardware to mount it right
Two male pins were misaligned to fit with female body. One was loose. Able to get it to work, to save the hassle of returning it, though time will see how well made this product is and how long it will last..
very difficult to use. wouldn't work in 20 gallon tank.
Mount is very tall and is no very stable when the phone is installed. No matter how much you tighten the lock the phone still moves
For this price you would expect it to come with a power adapter.
One of the spring al ready had a air leak
followed instructions to the letter, and still got streaks and nowhere near as good as the valeo 600 series blades!
Clunky. Sitting in the junk drawer.
Well these are inexpensive gloves that look okay, but do not hold up. The sewing started splitting almost immediately and the fingertips wore pretty quickly. I wouldn't recommend them.
glue strip didn't hold so removed it to stop the rattle
Engine still has a slight tick upon starting up...
These do not come with the suction cups. I wish they did. Now i have to order them separately. Major inconvenience
Does NOT fit. Had to remove brown housing and re-insert into OEM housing.
Great cover if you only need it to last for 3 months. Disappointing that a car cover meant for the outdoors falls apart after that short of time.
That I could cut to fit right in the front. But the back once didn't work at all. So I cannot use them. I bought this because it said it would fix jeeps. This was incorrect.
Good looking fit great but the LED's on the front of the mirror don't last long half on both sides went out.
Works ok but tends to pop out.
Screw broke that holds the plug down they refused to help me. Very disappointed
Product is not as advertised, fan functionality is misleading and is loud. Mesh seating was as expected.
only 2 out of 5 worked, 3 of them would only work if you held the switch in
While the ring is steel, the base is plastic and there is nothing in the description that says it is. Just says powder coated black. Hope they hold up...
Stopped working shortly after installation
I brought a pack of 4 sensors and I had an issue with one of my sensors, I made the company aware of the problem and they kindly sent me another one, however the replacement didn't solve the problem either. Needless to say my truck tire/sensor light is still on. My problem is not solved.
Doesn't fit our windshield. It's too short across.
very small, the add never show the size
The product worked well at first. Then the hose developed a crack in it. Does not work now. how can i return it
not a very good decal, pealing first day...yes, I made sure the surface was clean
Did not like the fact that the 2 I bought did not come in individual packaging as shown. Each came in plastic bags which contained the filter and a smaller plastic bag containing the 3 o-rings. I was able to verify "Ford Motor Company" molded in tiny lettering at the bottom of the filters, so I did not return the filters.
The lock broke 3 days after I put it on my car
It's about as waterproof as a sieve. I guess you could call it water-resistant in the sense that it continued existing after contacting water, but it kept almost none out: I tried to use it to protect a small tear in a soft-top overnight. Results were almost identical to leaving it uncovered.
poor design. It would not take out one of the screws. The socket is tapered and would not catch. I had to grind down the end to make it fit the head of the screw flush in order to get it out.
Had to return this item because it did not work as advertised. It did not stop the hyper flash effect on my LED daytime running lights.
The sensor no longer works. I removed it for inspection and the mounting base broke off. If you buy this product, just know that it is a quick fix until you can get a real part. Look to replace this part every other month.
Part fit 2007 Silverado but check engine light stays on continuously now. Suspect wrong size causing error code.
This is not a bad switch. Just a bit a false advertising here. Only 1 ships.
It worked but it was very dim
It said they fit a Corolla and they do but not well and it's work to get them on. The head rest covers do not fit the front seats.
It blow off every storm, no matter how well I secure it.
Used as replacement for the Verizon FIOS backup battery. Verizon unit had lasted for several years... this one lasted barely a year!
They don't work really well
Build Quality isnt bad but not bright at all and really small wiring
Sorry I wish I could do 5 stars but the chain tensioner doesn't work The screw is too shot and the plastic part won't go down at all
Material is thin, won't last it's shape and will lose its rigidity in less than a year. My last one lasted 10 years.
Will not pair to blue tooth. Will consider changing review if seller assists and the pair connects
Purchased this item in mid-July of 2016 and installed it in the fall of 2016. Lasted 2 winters and now the surface has bubbled and the hinge pin has just about seized closed forever. It's too bad that no company now ever tries to make a product that lasts
Multiple straps broke on this item.. Had to improvise on way out of town and bought and used ratchet straps. Hoping vendor will send new set of straps so we can use it again, otherwise not very happy with item.
There were too many parts to put together. I was expecting it to be ready to go into my receiver hitch. Assembly is definitely required. Also, the cord should be longer since the trailer connections are now next to the license plate.
Bought these in 2017. One died today. Expected these to last longer, will try different brand.
Nothing special about these bottles, could have saved money elsewhere, but there are ok. Just a little pricey.
Now considering the price for the unit, it can't be beat. But you do get what you pay for. I bought this to fix the flashing security light and failure to start on my 04 Classic. Now that it did fix. But the quality is low and I do expect to replace it soon. So far the key gets stuck in the ignition from time to time. The lock cylinder is getting loose or "sloppy" in the casing. I have to fiddle with the park release button on the shifter to get the key to go completely into the park position. The brass grommets inserted into the retainer holes easily stripped out and started spinning inside the retainer holes before the fully seated. If I do need to replace it I'll have to grind the bolt heads off to remove it. It wont tighten fully or let me remove the mounting bolts. And that's my take on this unit. But I did save well over $100 buying this. Yahoo?
I got these floormats to go in my newly purchased Traverse. They will not stay put. They slide around under the gas paddle causing a potential driving hazard. I called the number on the floormats and they will not return my call. The floormats do seem strong and they protect the carpet.
We are still waiting for product to be delivered.
Both bulbs dead at 10 months.
Unfortunately, one of the two just keeps falling off the ball joint connection. I hear some rattling, open the hood and there it is again, disconnected from the hood.
The product works OK, smells OK, albiet not great- I am just not satisfied with the performance. I have used similarly priced products that yield far better results with much less spraying required. I found myself using way too much as the product was too watery. It honestly felt like I was just using water in a spray bottle at times. I also noticed that streaks, initially not visible after buffing with a microfiber, would appear a couple of hours later.
Swapping this out was not difficult, but not easy either. Had to make a few mods. (Use different bolts, had to drill out one self-tapping hole). Color match was very good. The biggest issue is the inside of the handle is not quite the same contour as the original. The original had a subtle ridge toward the open end making it easier to hold and operate. This one will do, but I wouldn't buy it again.
Needed these in a rush, got the package and while installing noticed that 1 injector was different than the other 3. Ended installing 3 injectors and finishing the car repair. Wanted to get that one injector replaced but amazon wants me to ship back all 4. Wont happen they are in the car!!! Btw injectors are not new. These are used reconditioned.
you get was you paid for and does it's job. the front seats are better than the back
Some of the fins were already broken off right out of the box. Bought a different brand and style and was quite happy.
Couldn't get these to work very well in our Dodge Durango. Returned them. Great idea but I don't like the fast that the bottom strap interferes with my lower back. Just not comfortable.
This gas sucks. I pumped it into my two cars. None of them have any change. The gauge works. Two stars.
The material ended up torn up after one 6 hour drive. It didn't hold up well and the straps were pretty annoyingly loud. Having it on reduced my gas mileage from 50 mpg to 24 mpg. Cut my mileage in half. I think I'll get a hard version or something to tow instead
Within three months, I had to glue the mirrors in place to stop them from flopping in the wind.
Excellent on Kia Soul 2018, BUT it is NOT genuine leather!!!
At first I was thrilled to find a decently priced replacement for my Tahoe handles. Now, I'm not so thrilled. I've replaced a total of four now with this brand and probably would've been better off going to the dealership. Where we live door jams freeze but we're very careful about yanking hard on them but this happened a sunny Sunday.
I thought I was going to get the other part that connects to the grill and now I don't know where to get it
I bought these months ago. I installed them as my reverse lights and only one light worked. I tried switching the bulbs around and still nothing. The one that does work is perfect. it is really bright. I would have loved to use these but I had to go back to my other bulbs that work. I am not sure if it was just the ones I got or if others are having the same issue.
Helmet its self is good quality. Shipping is great. Runs a touch small. But if a mushroom head is what your trying to avoid, this aint the one.
I'm missing the lock nut and now have to go to the store and find one to fit.
At first it worked great but after about 2 weeks the part failed. My 2002 ford focus is back to misfiring.
Could only use one bc both had the same pigtail ends so I had to spend extra money and get the correct one
it clips on well and no issues on the quality - vision a little cloudy and wish it was a little darker tint - thinking of tinting it just a shade darker. it's okay. UPDATE: FEBRUARY 2018 - the tinted visor gently used, just cracked and broke in half - just trashed it.
I think there should be an option to choose how many lights. My vehicle has 3 dome lights. Also after getting plugged in and messing with it for a few minutes the remote wouldn't change the color anymore and is now stuck on red. Going to wait a few hours and try again. Any changes and I'll update the review
Never really fits well, blows off easily. Who really wants to run a strap under to hold it on, when it has elastic corners?
Did not fit my nissan rogue. Also, there's no point in having any wheel locks as they can be removed, just dont bother.
These were complicated to install on my 2000 Tacoma. The brightness was poor and throw was horrible.
Incorrect color sent, nor was the switch included.
Feels very heavy duty but the bearing mounting plate doesn't extend far enough get it even close enough to center on the shaft to bolt it on.Also, the packaging is horrible. The box had come open by the time it got to me. Fortunately all the hardware was still in it.
Great product fit perfectly on my 07 F150 truck highly recommended will definitely buy it again
Fit perfectly on my 2018 Crosstrek! But made it easy to have my plates stolen
Came without instructions on how to install
Didn't get many of the stickers in the product picture. Stickers are matte, not shiny/slick. Unhappy with Obama fascism sticker and I'm not sure why there are so many product logos. Pringles, YouTube, Coca-Cola, The Discovery Channel??? If you're looking to just fill up as much space as possible and don't really care about what it's with then this sticker pack is for you. I guess I'm cool enough for it though, I don't know what most of the designs mean.
It's been on my truck for a few months now. Half of the lights are burned out. What a piece of crap. Would not recommend to anyone.
don't both buying it
The bucket is too small. Will require too much emptying. Not adequately explained in online description.
Purchased this during the middle of the Arizona summer. Works very well but it squeals now while it runs and is unbearable. I don't recommend buying this unless you want to grease it constantly.
Led lights seem like quality made lights. The color is not 6500k white. The color is more of a white with a little bit of yellow to it. The brightness of them is fair but for the price you can find better.
Good at applying tire dressing. Did not last long. Backing came off on the 4th use.
Gets the job done but suction isn't very strong I guess u get what u Paid for
The white light bright and looked good on my truck, install is easy and simple, the issue I had is that water got inside the housing so I removed it and reinstall the original. Not water resistant.
Unacceptable temperature control. Looks great. Was nice visual upgrade to the 1994 original two handle valve but inferior to the temperature control of the old two handle faucet. Almost no transition from ice cold to scalding hot. Waste a lot of water adjusting temperature. Shopping for a replacement. Can't live with this temperature control aggravation.
The bolts that come with this are worthless. It doesn't come with nuts or washers, and if you don't have pre-drilled holes for the bolts, they serve no purpose. I had to use some of my own bolts instead.
Pretty, soft, and good color but very strong odor! Buy in summer and you might survive with the window down!
Didn't come with the washers so there are loose in the hood email them and never heard back
Works as it should, except the little light that's suppose to come on when plugged in to indicate that it's on and working doesn't work. Not much of an issue but product wasn't at 100% operational.
Clutch master cylinder appears to be working fine. Could not use the new fluid resevoir due to 3/4" longer dimension on the mounting bracket. It would not easily fit behind my power distribution box under the hood. (see photos). I had to waste time removing the new resevoir and installed the old one.
The star is kind of crooked...
Meh, just so-so. Almost impossible to see from behind on a bright day....
Works but if the threads are bad it mares the chaser up as well not that high quality metal
Poor finish, it looks like it was already used.
Headlights look good ,but they don't fit tight. The lights don't shine done the road straight
This is the second set I needed to purchase due to the first set I purchased deteriorated. The covers crumbled in my hands like a egg shell. This is only after three summers. I still have one of the original on the camper for 14 years.
Very light weight so flies off if not held down. The material has ripped twice and I've had it less then a year, but for the price it isnt a terrible buy
First off double check the application. It doesn't hurt to email or check the company's site first. They didn't come with instructions which I really didn't figure I needed. After pulling the cover off an old light on my 99 Ford F-250 I realized that they were bolted on from the inside. So I had to remove visors, pillar trim and roof console to pull down head liner. After doing that I found the plugs on the new lights were wrong. So I had to cut plugs and splice wires. They work and look great but what I thought would take an hour took about five after parts runs. Good value for the money though.
3 of the 4 center caps look pretty good, glossy black paint, shiny chrome. 1 of them had badly chipped and pitted chrome as well as the visible edges when mounted on the wheel are not fully painted, just hit with overspray and the one section has a good size chip in the edge. As another reviewer pointed out, the valve stem covers fell apart before arriving. Fast shipping with Prime was the only thing that saved this product from a 1 star review.
I believe it does not do what the reviews state. It doesn't do a great job on covering up scratchs even very miniscule ones. Appears the wax wears off after a couple of rains. Wish I had (and will) Turtle Wax Deep red. Should have in the beginning. Will not buy again and probably won't use the 99% left.
Plastic ends for the fittings should of been metal. Plastic and metal don't mix well.
I was told that the item needs pressure to work properly. I have an electric pump (pressure), but if the nozzle valve doesn't at least open so air can escape before the flow of diesel then it wont work. One would need some sort of purge valve near the nozzle, that would be messy. I have no issues when using a manual nozzle, the valve opens which allows the flow of air as the pump primes and then fuel. Its possible mine was defective, the auto shut off would click on as soon as handle pulled.
Definately buy smaller size and the straps suck. Replace with quick detach and currently sits on shelf. Not a bad helmet if it fit good
purchased these LED replacements 4 months ago, and one is already burnt out. now I have to purchase a full set to get both headlamps working again. I will not be purchasing this brand again.
Easy install for my truck camper but failed after 3 years, losing all lifting power. For comparison, the original units lasted for over 10 years. The warranty boils down to replacements at half price (shipping)...so 6 years of life for $24 at the current rate of performance.
They were pretty, but absolutely no stick to them. Followed the directions to the letter.
My biggest fear buying this was that it might pop off while driving, that never happened but it did rust.
The physical quality is ok, but the lights are not very bright and there is hardly any difference between the running light and brake/turn light in brightness. They will do for now, but I will be looking for a brighter light.
I have them installed on the floor of my garage, and after 3 days the paper on which the glue is placed dislodged. The stops slid out of position. I scraped off the remainder of the paper, and used Gorilla tape to secure them to the garage floor.
The quality of the actual LED assembly itself is decent, but the caller that they put on it in order for you to install it securely in the head light assembly is extremely shotty. There is only one small screw holding it in place and doesn't even hold the collar very secure so it wobbles in the collar. Not screw broke off trying to install one of them with very little effort. I bought two sets and will be returning them both for better quality bulbs even if I have to spend a little more money.
Very bright but hyperflash after few minutes
Well it is not a craftsmen so it works in a pinch it sees unsure to lift with a 600lb bike I would not put a bigger bike on it
Easy install, looks nice but the radio reception is terrible
Wouldn't know. 2 day shipping has failed me again. I'm sure the product is fine but I will not be renewing my Amazon Prime. 2 day shipping 50% of the time. BS!
Beautiful lettering, disappointing adhesion. Instructions included many warnings about potential problems with "brand new," "freshly waxed," or "curved surfaces" and advises the purchaser to "return the product" if any of these conditions exist. I just wonder why the manufacturer would include instructions to "return the product" before attempting to use it on a new surface, with the product. Why not just inform the customer on the webpage prior to the purchase? Besides, wouldn't most sales be to people with "new" watercraft? How long should I let my boat age before I attempt to put MC numbers on it? Kinda disingenuous.
This is a give for my college students new car-- nothing much to say other than they're cute which is all I'd thought they would be
It came with several snags in the material and places where stitching was pulled, before ever putting them on. They look pretty but were NOT easy to get in truck. Thin and not sure they will protect the seats from much, more for look than protection.
These supports are plenty strong enough to hold up the tailgate on my 2005 4Runner. one big issue: the originals are left and right, whereas these are both the same part (left), so the ball socket on one of them must be rotated to line up. The instructions say to install the top end and then rotate the body clockwise till the ball socket lines up. DON'T When I used this method the edge of the top ball socket snapped off and the ball came out-of-socket. I snapped the ball back into the socket at the top, but with the edge of the socket missing on one side, the spring clip is loose. I'm worried that the ball will pop out when I'm opening the lift gate DO Rotate the shaft by hand: I rotated it by putting one end in a vice and using vice-grip pliers to rotate the shaft.
Did not work at all for my Chevy Silverado. Will try my wife's car but the magnet strength is a joke.
The beam pattern was totally wrong. Used these for my high beam and never used them. My fog lights are better with my low beams.
The wheels do not turn on freely hard to wheel it a round
I actually do like this product. I got this to filter out the sun and shade my baby. It looks good and does its purpose, all the while I am still able to see through my rear view mirror. However, it should be noted, that this does not go down as easy as shown in the video. Most times one side gets stuck on the clip in the headliner and you have to hold the clip so that the shade can come down. Also, I'm not sure if the tab on mine was defective or cheap, but it tore right off from the shade. This surprised me because unless its raining or I'm driving at night I leave it alone. I may have put it up and down a total of 10 to 15 times at the most before it broke. Its more of a pain now to bring up, but I never really used the tab to put it down as the shade would always get stuck in a clip. Pros: -Looks great -Easy to install -Blocks the sun, but you can still see Cons: -Durability -difficulty to put the shade down (you will need to use 2 hands, and in my case I have to use 2 hands now to bring it up as well since the tab broke) I'm not exactly sure I would recommend this product. I guess I would ask the buyer if they really cared how easy it was to put up and down and if they cared if they had to use 2 hands to do so. If that doesn't bother you then this would be a good product.
I'm giving this product 2 stars. When the spark plugs arrived they were very poorly packaged. All the boxes were smashed, 6 of the spark plugs were out of the boxes rolling around in an unsealed box, 1 managed to stay in the box, and one of them must have got lost in shipping. I paid for 8 and only got 7. I would recommend just going down to the local auto parts store and picking them up
The screws broke when I replaced the battery.
Haven't used it yet but it came on time
Almost impossible to install. Extremely aggravating to install light.the wiring harness is a bust to short. Honestly it looks great installed but it took me at least 5 hours to install and had to buy another wiring harness
Horrible cheap plastic rattles around. The bar is the ok and the turn signals can pass, but the passing lights are not worth it. Stay away.
Put it on my truck. And. It stared to leak 3 months later. Not happy with it for the money I spent. On it. As well as the time it take. To Chang it out. It is seeping out of the weeping hole.
This item worked fine the first time for about 3 weeks. I hit a bump and the trunk popped open. The latch had broken. Ordered a replacement and it did not line up correctly at all. I am awaiting a refund.
Some of the lights have stopped working
Installed passenger side first, for great, but double-sided tape wouldn't stick. I had to add my own. Went to install the driver side, and realized they sent me 2 passenger side covers (yes, they are different). I had to grind down the back of the cover to fit it, and added more of my own tape.
The valve that stops the antifreeze from mixing with the hose water leaks. So even when it's all the way in the closed position, water from the hose is pumped into the resivoir mixing the antifreeze with water and becomes pressurized. Had to shut off multiple times while winterizing my boat due to fear of the resivoir bursting. Everything else works the way it should though.
Was great until the ceramic around the electrode failed. Lasted only 7 months. Purchased August 2018, it failed March 2019
Super easy to install, looks great, but they're not really great functionally. They're not bright, and impossible to see from the front, which is bad when you're trying to take turns at night. Also, the flasher relay didn't work if you also change your rear indicators to LEDs.
The products worked great until one of the bags ripped open on a seam. They will be returned shortly and going with a different brand. Disappointing because i have ran this type before with no issues. I cant have questionable product on the vehicle these are going on this time however.
Installed these grills and they don't quite fit (slightly small) on my 2004 BMW 330i. They're good enough and stay in, but if you're looking for a mint look consider others.
This is the only way i can get to you ,I was charged 12.99 on my credit card for amazon prime which i do not want and did not authorize you to charge me for.
Dont buy cheap.... And did not come with the blade it self.... Just wiper arm
They apply product great, but after 3 tires it started flaking apart. A bit expensive to be one time use IMO.
One of the nozzles sprays perfectly, the other one sprays an almost solid stream. Would not buy again.
Very difficult to see the spark and pull the cord. Having someone else watch for the spark helped.
Easy to install, carb still leaks. I took my time installing it and made sure everything went together the way it came apart. It's a pretty straight forward install but it started leaking after the first ride. Looks like I'm converting to a non-vacuum petcock. I should have saved my money considering a cheap aftermarket costs less than this rebuild kit
Would not expand enough to fit on either car a 2015 Subaru Forrester and a 2017 Nissan Rogue
Did not ft the vehicle that I needed it for. Had to return.
Worked great for 11 months then 1 died. I do have DRL, which may have added to the early death, but like other negative reviewers have mentioned, this is not 50,000 hours of driving. I drive about 1 hr total each day to work and take kids to school round trip with the occasional road trip. Should have lasted longer than what they did.
Love the sticker! Don't like that it was so small and the picture was big with a very confusing description. Not cool!
Literally fell apart in the holder. Bright untill it crapped out. Maybe happened to a bad bulb, but wouldnt buy again.
You get what you pay for. After about a month of use, the arm in the back of the mirror broke. After gluing it back together, they mirror doesn't adjust anymore and I can barely see my daughter in it.
The straps are so loose that any weight causes them to just droop down and have items fall out. I can fix it with safety pins but that's not what I wanted to be doing. The straps should be able to tighten and stay tightened to hold the products as the photo shows. I thought I might have gotten a faulty one but re-reading the reviews this seems to be a trend. I would not purchase again if I knew this is what I was getting.
ok for a tablet. Not sturdy enough for a laptop. falls over.
the LED's are good however the halos turn themselves on multiple times a day and sometimes has issues connecting to Bluetooth causing me to have to unplug the battery to get them to shut off. I find this to be a big flaw in the product because I've had the halos turn on in the middle of the night at full brightness.
I wished the material was thicker. It's too thin and crinkly to cover a window for a covert situations for work.
Bubbles in paint and somewhat cheap looking
The before and after photos on the bottle are 100% misleading. No magic here, it does help mask the scratches a little, but if you can still see them and it does nothing to hide chips, as suggested by the fake pictures on the bottle.
I've owned this steering wheel cover for less than a year, but it is already flaking. Little black flecks get all over my hands and they're a pain to brush off. Even though the look of it is nice, I would not recommend this product.
Was easy to program and worked fine for 6 months, and then it died.
Doesn't fit in my Subaru front lighter socket.
Excellent tool. I fought for hours trying to remove seal in a tiller shaft. Ordered the tool and had all 4 out in 10 minutes.
The product description that I ordered was 12â€ x 11 1/2â€ and that's what I need. This one came in 12 x 12â€ with instructions to cut a quarter inch off the top and the bottom. They didn't say that in the description when I bought it I'll be able to cut it off to the size I need but that's not the point it was deceptive description when I bought it
I disliked the sticky tape on the lights, because it didn't stay attached to the interior of my vehicle. Otherwise, the lights worked great in brightness.
Well ,as a forever satisfied Amazon customer, I know that you guys will deliver exactly what I ordered. However, this Dorman Part was earmarked in green as I ordered it to fit my car... It did not. I mean it's cool with me because the car is made of thousands of little parts. I just thought I'd do my duty as an Amazon customer and write a review thank you for all you do
Looks good but quit working correctly. I've had it on car a yr but in that time we were swapping the motor. Has MAYBE 4 hrs drive time total.
as soon as i put it on there, the fuse blew instantly. once i replaces it, 2 days later the products remote would not work and stay on constantly yellow. very upset.
Perfect fitment and easy install. I did have one side (right front) that was broken upon delivery -- Amazon was able to send me a new piece. Update: I had issues retrieving the return shipping label -- Attempted to talk to amazon regarding my concern. They ended up charging me for an additional set. Should have gone straight through the manufacturer.
The strap to secured it to the vehicle was not strong enough !!
License plate was missing the â€œAâ€ when I received it. Name was just paste on stickers, probably fall off after a few washes. Not recommended.
Does not have all 6 prongs for a proper conversion to 4 prong
I bought this to use when camping. I can't get it to work anything.
Not as bright as LED light should be. Very similar to HID. Not consistent pattern
Had to return item due to one of the five lights did not work properly.
Great while it lasted, after a while the piston in the compressor stripped from the motor and sounded like it was going to blow up. Horns themselves are pretty loud
Received item box was dented and so it made the side of one of the fan crack.. it's now too noise had to tie it down to stop If from shaking and to make it usable
The biggest reason I got these was because they were supposed to be modifiable to my son's car. That wasn't exactly true. Modifications had to be made above and beyond was was already included in their design. If you have a smaller car, I would recommend finding something else.
Poor connectors. The factory plugs would not connect to the tailights. The plug moldings were too big. Might work if u did a bunch of filing, but I didn't do that because I wanted to return and get money back. The overal packaging and look of tailights was good. The appear ORM quality if only the connectors fit.
Very hard to push the liquid into the tire. Could not tell how much that was put in. Bottle not clearly marked and with the thick liquid, cannot tell at all where one is at in the process. Would not do it again. Turned out I only put 4 oz in the tire when it was calling for 16.
First off when package arrived the two light boxes in the package were both already openend and the lights were tossed in there without any care. Second one of the lights has a rattle in it and it works intermittently. And third the nighthawk series supposed to have more of a whiteish color beam well it doesn't its still yellow. Two stars just because they came fairly quick.
It's fit way too loose on my Audi A4, I would not recommend
I love the product, however, the item arrived in a puddle of mess. A good portion of product had leaked out due to poor packaging, so not only is there wasted product but a big mess to clean up.
Burned out in 3 months.
Quality of the shell seem good. Reason for two stars: - Buttons are too stiff, pressing any of the buttons require a lot of force and makes me question the durability of it. - Trunk and remote start buttons did not work at all. - Returned it, still using my original one.
Gap between shade and vehicle. About 2" were did not seal.
Broke the mounting bracket when installing! Very thin metal casting around hinged areas. Could not get tight enough to hold
Personally, I don't like them. The sit about a quarter inch away from your mirrors which allows debris (like leaves) to get stuck in there. Then when you remove the debris you have to readjust these. I like the type that is glued directly to the mirrors.
Didnt fit up like OEM. It has a gap between lights
Product does not snap into the housing
Not as advertised. I bought 2 of these, one for my 2005 Silverado which worked fine, and one for my 2005 Yukon Denali. It was supposed to fit in the Denali, but the Denali has a rear window washer and needs 2 connection points. Of course now I am past the return date, so I guess I'll have to buy another proper tank.
Works, but it's so dim that it's just about useless. I have a battery powered flashlight that has a single red LED, which is way brighter than the multiple-LED array on these units. I don't understand why these lights are so dim. They are only adequate to light up a small space such as the inside of a glovebox or center console; they are not remotely bright enough to use for a dome light or map lights. If you're looking for fitment, this does at least fit the dome light socket of a 2018 Subaru Impreza.
I loved having these on my back windows to shield my son from the sun. I even had people stop me in parking lots asking me about them. Unfortunately, they did not last even one year. The fabric deteriorated and tore.
Installed these as fog lights on my 2015 Subaru Outback 2.5 Limited and loved the appearance/color but found them to be LESS bright than the OEM halogen bulbs. So, I put the original halogens back in. Back to the drawing board!
The edges above the area that attach into the heater vents are sharp and cut into the plastic of the dash. Also, if you have a double DIN radio installed, chances are the support bracket that this thing screws into is missing and makes this where it doesn't secure properly.
Looks ok. A bit difficult and tedious to put on. The side of one of the front backrest covers ripped at the seam. Would be better if there were a pocket on the back of the front seats.
Not as bright as stock oem bulbs that came with my car. The only difference between my stock bulbs and these bulbs was that the Philips bulbs had a slight bluish tint and no difference in brightness. If you are buying to replace a blown out bulb or old bulb, then they are ok. But don't bother swapping out a new bulb. You won't see that much of a difference. Also the plastic box that it was shipped in was broken like somebody had already open them and they were returned. Kinda disappointing.
It's a good product but I'm upset that it was shipped crumpled up instead of flat. Now it's nearly impossible to line this up where it needs to be!!!! Rethink your shipping practices please.
The item went in smooth until the heat shield it would not fit back on the new part.
This leaves streaks and smears everywhere. I wouldn't touch this stuff again. Even if it was free, I'd toss it out
They started to fade out after a year specially the red color
I do like the fact that the install went easily (even though the mount was fastened upside down....) but no instructions for splicing into the wiring for the back speakers? Lame, but figured it out quite easily. My main issue is with the head unit itself, and that when using a USB drive, folder set on random. When restarting the bike, the last song that it was on will play, but then will start back over from the beginning of the "random" tracks. For instance, if I ride and the random feature plays tracks 2, 25, 40, 60, and 5 in a folder of music, and shut down during track 5, when I restart the bike track 5 will pick up where it left off, but then will start back over playing track 2, 25, 40, 60, 5, etc...... Another con is that with the brightness turned up all the way, I absolutely cannot see the screen in the daylight. Should have saved my money for an Aquatic or something else I think.
Pros: The meter out of the box looked good and fit in with my existing fuel gauge style. It was easy to wire in to my boats existing wiring and worked well. Cons: In less than 4 months, the whole bezel of the gauge started to show signs of rust. The gauge itself is located inside a cabin such that it is not directly exposed to salt water splashes. The fuel gauge partially pictured to the right has been installed on the boat for over 10 years (probably a lot more) and still looks like new. I would guess that the oxidation would be a lot worse if this were used in a exposed console (like a center or dual console boat) where the gauge would get exposed to direct salt water contact often. I'd be hesitant to use this gauge on anything that could be potentially exposed to a high degree of moisture in general.
Doesn't come with center seat or console cover as shown in pictures!!! Very deceptive marketing!!! They do not cover the entire seat bottoms!!! Can still allow dirt or dog hair to build up on seat under the cover!!! Good strong material but shady marketing. And misleading photos
I ordered this product thinking that it would fit my Chrysler 200 limited 2015. i added all the information on the tab to give me the parts for my vehicle. Once i ordered the part and arrived i tried to change the headlights and they were the wrong ones. had to send them back.
I really like these brakes and rotors, but there is only one huge problem- QUALITY CONTROL. Unfortunately, one of the rotors they sent me has an imperfection that is causing a ticking sound similar to a baseball card in a spoke. It's driving me nuts and it will probably cause a faster wearing of the brake pad. This is really bumming me out. I live in the Virgin Islands and rely on my brakes more than the average vehicle. If you read this, Power Stop folks, please message me with a solution. Thanks.
Numbers are so small it's nearly worthless.
Great but wrong so returned
Good product but they don't work properly for my 2012 Honda Odyssey. After installed I encountered with error message â€œcheck DRL systemâ€ and keep beeping and stay on flashing.
The seat cover does not cover the back of the bench seats, it has elastic ties to keep cover in place, I guess its like the old saying you get what you pay for.
made mistake of putting this synthetic in an older system. Leaks all over. Had to rebuild entire pump.
Decent quality for the price but came missing a set screw. Not very happy about the situation
Unfortunately, the shades are too wide for my car windows. I should have measured them first. So I applied one to a window of my sun porch, and the suction didn't hold it on.
Pretty flimsy and I'm not sure how long they will last, but easy installation (although this is pretty tacky looking), but for the price, what more can you expect? Hard item to find.
Strap broke after few months use.
Easy install, but after only a month I went to close the window and both of them bent, so I had to take them off and am back to searching for a new pair.
I of coarse looked at a similar item in the store, and ordered these instead they fit ok, they are just made half as thick as the ones at pep boys, go figure they are half the price. All in all I'm happy with them.
Spent all day installing on the four doors, trunk and floor. Road noise did not reduce in the car. It is like I wasted money and time.
The light effect is not that good. Not worth the price of the item. Poorly made
Not sure about this product. Made some difference. I'll apply again and see.
Product is less of a seat cover and more of a throw on towel that needs adjusted each time you get into the car.
This device is more of a novelty than it is practical. The warmer is not very warm and will not keep drinks hot. The holder is only 2.25 inches deep and only the bottom 1.3 inches does the actual cooling and heating. The cold setting does get nice and cold but, since it is only doing this at the bottom, and heat rises, it provides marginal cooling of your can or slender bottle. You can forget about using it to hold big fountain drinks as they won't reach the bottom of the unit which means no cooling or heating for those. It needs more engineering. First, it needs to cool drinks at least 5 inches up the sides of beverages and secondly, it needs to fit larger containers. I hope the pictures help you with your decision. Good luck shopping.
It came in the mail broken but lights still worked....
It doesn't hold a mating plug inside enough far enough to make contact. You have to keep pushing the other plug in. Very irritating.
DOES NOT HOLD THE CANVAS AS ADVERTISED.
Seems kind of cheep numbers are hard to see
I've used others that did a good job. These tend to streak and smear. Not very satisfied. But if you don't mind wiping off with a glass cleaning cloth after using, it will remove most bug stains.
Returned the item...Not what I was expecting, seemed to be cheaply constructed.
Did not work sent back.
They look awesome but are not wind proof.
I measured the hub and checked online reviews and thought it would be a snug fit. I must have been mistaken. It flared and could not be knocked on.
only got three parts . last time i checked audi doesn't make a 3 cyl. engine.
Don't buy the black, it's totally different than the blue.
Came in a set of 2 decals. Looks to be good quality but there is small red scratching bleeding through on one of the 2 decals.
The wire is decent quality but the plugs are not very good - the pins have a tendency to come out. They make a 4 pin version as well and those are very well made and work well but the 2 pin model - the pins on both the male and female ends will pop out and not make a good connection
Worked for 6 months then it would not hold a charge.
like: good price, dislike: short life, only for two months life , material is not strong enough. only last for my car park under the sun for my two months summer vacation.
In first place, the delivery time exceeded in 5 days, 5 days that I had to wait with my vehicle stopped. Secondly the packaging crumpled parts of the gasket, the mechanic had to figure out how to rearrange the piece. At the end the vehicle has repair, which is that the matters, with delays and inconveniences.
Installed these on a 1999 Accord coupe. Had issues with three of the four mounts where the bolt holes didn't line up. Fortunately, I had a rotary tool to bore out the holes but it added unnecessary time to the installation. Two mounts had holes that were off by 1/8". I must have had a bad set because another reviewer said they fit like a glove. I wasn't going to return them because my old mounts were quite worn out and I couldn't afford to wait for replacements.
Very small. Barely fits over my hand.
After receiving this item months ago, my husband only put on the driver side cover. This week he went to put on the passenger cover only to discover that it was also a driver side cover. He likes the item but we would like to have the covers replaced to fit both seats.
Product looks great but company needs better R&D before sending it out. Like everyone says. The rear screws are too small for the holes to go through on the back bar. You will definitely have to go to a hardware store to find washers that will fit both screws and the hole on the bar to get it to work. Poorly made and it shows. Guess you get what you pay for when buying cheap Chinese knock offs
Same as original didn't noticed any difference
product not as described. it is covered in yellow and black logos not just the white logo on the headrest.
This gauge don't read correct pressures between the range of 50-60 psi
Affordable, but doesn't fit my car like it stated. Its too long.
When I opened it on top of the camper it had a 4" cut in it looked like from a razor knife. It was last weekend we had to get covered so I taped it. Nice having to tape a brand new cover.
Product is not chrome like it shows in listing; it is grey powder coated. Also, it says it rotates 360 degrees... not true. Only has 2 pivot point but needs 3 pivots for true 360 degrees. Finally, the clamp is not designed for a 1â€ bar as it barely fits due to limited size of bolts.
With rainy season getting into high gear, I bought this because it seemed almost as good as the higher-priced full vent replacement fans. Bad choice. The cheap plastic blades are unbalanced so it vibrates. A lot. It moves a medium amount of air, but sounds like a truck idling next door whenever I use it. Pros: Reasonably easy to install. Fits perfectly in standard RV vents. Moves a mediocre amount of air. One step up from the tiny buzz fans that come with RVs. Cons: LOUD Cheaply made plastic parts. Unbalanced - sets up a lot of vibration. Poorly molded and mounted blades. Expensive for what you get. Overall, I wouldn't buy this again. It'll have to do until drier spring weather returns. Then I'll yank it out and replace the whole vent with a Fantastic Fan. It gets two stars instead of one because at least it moves some air.
Not heavy duty enough for businesses
It worked for a bit but the check engine light kept coming back.
Couldn't get it programmed with any of the on-line procedures we tried.
The jacket itself is very nice seems well made but they run small i have a 42 " chest, normally an extra large fits.
The installation instructions were not clear so I turned to the video. The video left out important steps. While I was trying to install the cover, one of the loops pulled right off the cover! Closer inspection revealed single stitching for this critical component.
We purchased for motorcycle, but they were too big and clunky.
Did not fit in my console, needed to be trimmed down about 1/8â€ with a pair of dykes. Luckily you can't see the difference from the top, so the cosmetic implications are minimal. Still frustrating, though, given that these are meant to fit only one vehicle, and they don't.
Not as pictured. This is CL only oil. No SF rating. Will be returned.
They look red and wish there were yellow
I paid for one day delivery. But I got the product after 4 days.
one bulb went out after 3 days
Bought this for a military tag. The one I received was different with the Jeep logo and grill extending down in the middle areas covering some parts of the text. Also black bumper on top and not chrome as shown
WAS NOT THE RIGHT SIZE...
Great mirrors I got the driver side on no problem but on the passenger side for the street bob the mirror bolt is shared with the turn signal and when I was screwing the turn signal adaptor back on the bolt coming from the mirror sheared right off! Not great quality :-/
These leds fit the housing, BUT the base was too tall for my 07 Chevy HD 2500 Classic mount enclosure.
Caused my thermostat to freeze closed and the car to overheat. Be careful when using this stuff.
poor quality, they are not safe
I bought it so that I could put one in the window on sunny days while I was driving. If there was no sun, I simply took it off of the window and stored it. It worked for almost four months and then started to not stay on the glass. If you plan to just stick it on the window and never remove it, this would be a good purchase for you. If not, I suggest looking for one that's sticks longer
Only lasted a year. Motor turns on, light works, but doesn't inflate tires anymore.
Poor quality. Hose end started leaking after a few months. Check valve fell out.
They're pretty bright. I'm sure they would be a lot better with a projector headlight assembly to focus the beam. Only issue I have is my driver bulb is no longer working correctly. Just a slight glow 1 week after install.
looked great on the photo but the material used is very cheap, quite a disappointment!
I purchase this item and hope so using it for my high beams. I purchase 2 bulbs about 4 months ago for my low beam and they work perfect so I figured I would order the high beam. I installed the high beams yesterday but they do not work. Can anyone let me know why?
Tried them as soon as received. light weighted, easy to use, connected well. After a few days trial, It turns out that they are OK for music listening but not really good at calls. I have to reduce the stars again. The battery run out so quick I cannot finish one call.
The new glass came with four double sided adhesive pads. unfortunately they were only about 1 mm thick. The existing mirror I was supposed to glue the new glass piece onto had a rubber edge which stuck out slightly more than the 1 mm, so i had to double the pads to each other, getting two thicker pads instead of the four normal ones. Hopefully the new glass will hang in there on just two adhesive locations....its seems Ok right now.
Good quality, however not bright during the day at all, for night use only
I really liked this product because of the convenience of it. However, six days after receiving it I walk out to my car and the clip had broken off and was laying in the drivers seat. I had maybe used the glasses holder a handful of times before it broke. I love the concept of this product but I wouldn't recommend this brand. If it hadn't broken I would have rated this a five star product.
They did not last much more than the warranty period.
It beeps all the time. Put cotton and tape over speaker. It seems to try to adjust all the time.
I didn't expect much for the $20 that I had spent on these, but they (China) could have provided some better 2-sided tape on these guards. The tape is so thin that it pulls off the frame/guards when removing the outside red film.
I was hoping they would fit, but don't. The only way I can see these working is placing them more in front of the seats and using Velcro. And I just don't want to stick Velcro in my car and have it melt in the heat later. I'm still giving them 2 stars as I'll find a use for then and they seem well made. But, they don't fit like they said it would.
Could not stop leaking.
I have 2 problems with this decal. First, there was no adhesive on the bottom right hand side. I used a piece of the excess material cut from another part of the decal to stick it on the window. Second, I couldn't see through the rear window at all when it rained. I contacted the supplier about the missing adhesive and he said he could send a replacement. However, I am worried about not being able to see out the back window when it rains. I am leaning toward returning the decal but I am not sure if I can get it off the window and back on the paper backing for a return.
They work good but there not white like advertised
Didnt bring the older looking tires back to life any. I could have used vaseline for that look
I didn't need this part so can't review it. It looks like a good quality part though.
This product is getting a 2 star because overall all it's a great product it's not expensive like other foam guns and it gets the job done and produces good foam. But it leaks real bad!!! You can not foam your car without getting soak I tried it out one time and now I'm returning it, maybe that's why this product is so cheap. I recommend to make a better one so it won't leak so bad
Looks good,not bad quality,but the remote controller is doesn't work.
Soft but too snug on the belt so a pain adjusting every time.
I put this on a jacket, it makes the water bead off to an extent. If you had to run out and get your mail, it would keep the jacket dry, but if you have to go any kind of distance, it will soak through. Disappointed.
Sometimes seems to work ok sometimes, but it's really hit or miss as to whether the battery is actually charged when the light on the charger says it's charged.
It didn't fit my windshield by itself. I have to use my sun visors to hold it up.
I just received this today, and it seems like a really nice product, but the packaging didn't protect what was in it at all. I know this is probably as much on UPS as the seller/manufacturer, but I have 5-10 packages per week get delivered to my porch without damage. Heavy, light, bulky, whatever, this has been the worst delivery I've had in the last year. Pictures are attached. For what this product costs, a little foam or even putting the bars i their own box would have helped a lot. The clamps were in their own box. Anyway, enough complaining. If the product works as expected I may add a star, hopefully the seller will reach out and offer to replace the bars or make it right some other way.
Thin. Moves around alot.
Hitch interferes with factory trailer harness recepticle housing and related bolt hole on frame crossmember. Had to use only one bolt to secure housing. Would have given 5 stars if there was no interference as hitch installed easily.
Utterly disappointed. Do not believe the hype. Look... you spray it on... you clean it off.. it takes some of the dirt with it. I suppose if you bike is filthy, this will make you think it cleaned your bike, but water probably would do just as good. Simple Green MUCH more effective -- just be careful of your chrome (or faux chrome?). I will not buy again. One area it DID surprise, however, was cleaning the plastic on top of the speedo and gauges. I do give it props there.
When this was delivered only one decal came, instead of two as promised on the description.
It didn't remove scuffs or water marks. It didn't seem any different than Lexol.
I had one of the digital gauges from the '80s. Was still working till a friend borrowed it and drove off with it on the trunk only to be destroyed. A good friend would have replaced it. But good friends and good tire gauges are hard to find. So I bought this hoping technology could make a cheap long-lasting tool. I was wrong, batteries took a dump after a month and only two uses. Not like my gauge from the '80s which had a 25-year battery life(no kidding). I didn't like having to disassemble this unit to changes batteries because it's not a quick change like a TV remote. when it worked it worked fine.
As soon as I tried to to install these in my fog lights, two of the three small keepers on the front of the socket broke off. I hardly put any pressure on it and it snapped right off. I had to keep it in the socket by duct taping it. I will have to buy a new set to replace these. I won't buy them again.
One of the pocket is torn after less than a month of use
Very poor drain and fill plug design. Will not buy more
The shipping carton looked fine, but contents very poorly padded and cans badly crumpled. Had planned to store one so badly damaged shelf life likely compromised. Not the fault of 3M or the Bondo itself, which I have used extensively with excellent results.
Small and kinda cheap, broke within the first week of using.
These are not very good I would not waste your time with them
Found products for less then Rough Country , tried to return their product and they are not the friendliest to work with they hung up the phone on me twice! Will never order from them again
Way too tight of fit. I had to spread them apart slightly, which caused the paint/powder coat to chip away. Overall they work fine but I'm kinda annoyed that they had to be adjusted which caused paint damage.
It might be fine except for the HUGE space left for the mirror that goes almost half way down the windshield and allows for a whole lot of light to come in. Honestly, it's a worse option than the way cheaper fold up one I have from a big box store. While it is cut to fit everywhere else, the giant hole at the top makes it nearly useless.
2 stars because they delivered quickly. I ordered 2 of these struts, they were shipped in separate boxes, the first arrived and box was damaged. UPS dropped it off when no one was here but I thought," no problem the box isn't badly damaged and I'm sure the packaging protected the struts". When I opened the box I found there was absolutely NO packaging to protect the strut, NONE they were just thrown in a box to rattle around on their way to my house. I found the adjustment knob was broken, probably wouldn't have been if they'd been properly packaged. That got me to thinking, "would a genuine Rancho part be sent this way?" I've bought Rancho products before and they were never sent with absolutely no protection. So the second strut arrived a day later and although it was undamaged it was also without any packaging at all. Also the second strut did not have the hardware, instructions or sticker whereas the first one did. Beware of ordering these struts from this company, I sent mine back and will order from an authorized Rancho dealer. These may be rebuilt knock-offs with a Rancho sticker on the outside of the box, who knows??
If you use the Harley filter wrench it Won't fit! I didn't check until I had it on and was ready for oil. Planned a trip so left it on. I'm sure I'll have fun taking it off.
They cover most of the window on my Kia Soul but the they struggled to stick to the window. They do block out the sun though
Roll Bars on newer Jeeps, we own a 2014 Rubicon and Sport, are too thin for this cup holder...Cheap product quality.
The fitment guide said it would work, but it's a bit too short and doesn't stay up all that well.
I was excited to install it but did not come with hardware. Contacted Amazon but have not heard anything yet.
Not so much of a difference in my eyes
I charged this and properly connected it to the battery. It displayed a SC (short circuit) error and would not even attempt to start the car. It was defective.
Did not notice any difference after using.
haven't even taken Ranger out & about and plastic already broke off within two months.
Works great for 2 months , after that disintegrated.
The bolt does not thread into the negative post size, poor quality!
I am really disappointed with the light output and these are not "extremely bright." I have white LED headlights and I thought that the yellow would contrast and fill in side areas not covered by the headlights. All I see are yellow highlights to each side of the headlight beam. Switch them off and there is barely a difference. To be fair I didn't have opportunity to try these in fog. I'm not sure how you rate longevity but these will probably last forever! Not that it makes much difference since they don't really do much, unlike the OEM lights that they replaced before one go them blew. Perhaps I should have bought the white.
The drivers door window control will not put the window down all the way as factory did, only when you hold it down will the window go down all the way.
Other than the pump not working it seems like a nice piece of equipment. I had to modify mine so I could use it with an air compressor to pump it up instead of the actual pump.
USB charger stopped working 2 days later. Power inverter continue to work.
Cam tensioners work great - pretty impressed with fit and snug - did not slip. Only disappointment was that out of the 4 used - 2 had failed at the heat treatment at the ends of straps where they are cut to size at factory - that's 50% resulted in frayed ends from straps being used the first time out - mfr needs to apply a better heat treatment to strap ends to correct this issue - good buy - but before you use the straps - hit each end up with a lighter or heat gun to seal the ends first!
Warped in the heat from the sun and now my transponder doesn't stay in it.
Don't lose the brass spacers for flush mounting the connectors.
Ordered these after I saw a u-tube video about them. I was able to put then on the old cable ends but they did not work. I ended up buying new cables and installing them. The new cables were more stiff than my old cables so maybe the cables were just worn out. I thought maybe I just did not get the ends all the way over the cable rubber sheath but I compared it to the new cables and they were the same length. I was able to use one of the metal cable ends on the back door lock post pin. Mine was broken and I placed one of the metal ends over it and squeezed it onto the old post pin with a pair of pliers. It worked fine so not a complete loss.
Very nice. Seems to be good quality. Fit well in my ultra classic flag pole. Colors look good. Update on review. After 500 miles the flag was lost on the highway. Otherwise I liked it. Was very good looking
I have another set that works better, but this is on for a spare.
Heavy and seemingly nice quality. Thick, impressed at first, then after less than a month two stripes have come off. Now it's stuck on and looks okay but still disappointed.
Bought a 10 pack of these switches for my boat and was not impressed. I was only able to use 6 of the 10 switches because the bezel screw cap that secures the switch to the dash the threads would not hold when you tighten them hand tight. I actually put a dab of superglue on all the ones I installed to ensure they dont pop loose. Also the silver metal cap for the switch pulls off easily on some of them...So these switches work so far its been about a month but I would not recommend them. Spend the extra money for a quality product. If you do decide to buy them, make sure you get enough to have atleast 5 extra cause you will probably need them sooner rather than later!
Not the product in the picture , actual tool does not show until order is placed
. The screws that come with it to connect the steel plate at the top do not fit the holes. The screws are cheap and strip too easy. Only way to connect it was with different screws. They need to fix this issue.
Huge disappointment. I though they would come in a cute gift pack or something. I could have gone to Walmart and bought 12 of these and put them in a white envelope. Nothing special.
Didn't last long, bought a similar model from same manufacturer with a flexible connection hose that is easier to use.
Ok the price was good but the product was completely ineffective. I sprayed the solution, covered it in a plastic trash bag and taped it off for 30 minutes per instructions. I spent an hour scraping and feeling the film only to blister my hands and I didn't even get all the way through the window. I'm going to use a heat gun and steamer next. I should have just went with my gut instead of trying to get cute with this solution... also the blade broke too
I have 2 Toyotas, and this box of clips are nice, however, I only find 1 type in the box that fits on one Toyota, and it doesn't even fit very well, so in my opinion, it's a bust. None of the others are going to work, and will probably never use them. Oh well...was worth a try. These may work on more recent Toyotas, as mine are a bit older.
TThis is a large satellite dish compared to the small domes. It is large to store/haul around in an RV and due to problems with DISH, I basically have only used it once in 2 years. It does "do its thing" tracking down a satellite, but due to its size, it is difficult to get it positioned just right in a campground.
It's a great idea but falls a dit short. 1/2 inch bigger and they'd wrap factory terminals and then you could install without altering them .
Low beam won't work. I basically have a n on off switch when switching from hi to low. Did not matter the wiring adaptor I used. Same result.
Missing 1 of the 8 bolts and nuts needed to attach the seatbelts. Really inconvenient when you live in a rural area
The edge guard is too hard to attach the car door. It smells bad.
Not designed for harsh winter snow and wind...
This product was to lite and flimsy. It was not heavy enough to stay positioned against the windshield in a flat manner. Because of this if it rains or with a heavy fog the window gets wet and then freezes. As it freezes the cover will also freeze to the windshield which makes it difficult to remove. The cover did cover the complete windshield, which was the best part.
Did not cover the scratches
Just installed these on my 04 Cherokee. The hardware was complete trash and strips easliy, other than that no complaints yet.Use your old hardware if u can. The ends screw off fairly easy.
The tires go flat when lifting sled. Yes I had the recommended air pressure. They should use hard rubber wheels to avoid this problem especially when it is very cold outside. I would not recommend this product to my friends.
I have used this part a couple times, due to the fact that they keep "going out" Even though you're wanting to save money by purchasing cheaper, replacing it every 3-6 months is very time consuming, and inconvenient. We have another vehicle that is similar that we used a name brand part from the auto parts store and it is still going strong. So I feel investing the money first and getting a quality part is better than having to replace this generic more often.
It's nice looking, straightened out after I slept on it between my mattress and box spring for a week. But who cares if it won't stick on. I prepared surface by compounding then wiping clean, then wiping with their super stick solution. It's a 70+ degree day in bright sunlight on a black car. What else can I do beside placing an 80LB bag of cement on it?
Smells watered down. Was disapponted
The package came a little later than expected and also, once putting the decal on the letters at the bottom individually came off, so as you can imagine, it was a pain to try and get them somewhat even. Once on it looks great but it's so much trouble with the letters at the bottom.
The plug and play worked for my Nissan Frontier but the wiring wrong. Went to go pick up a trailer and couldn't because the trailer brakes were constantly applied. Was able to fix it but it shouldn't be that way. The wiring should be correct before anyone receives it Rather than have to troubleshoot before it's first use. To help those who also have this issue. You need to switch around the blue and black on the vehicle side and then on the trailer side switch the red and black.
Hose material after one year became cracked and I had to replace. Tank was covered with a hard plastic cover all the time.
Had to cut side rails to proper length. It works and looks decent but the fitment was definitely not right. I would not buy this product again or recommend buying it.
I have a SRX Cadillac and this was suppose to fit, it does not! I have a terrible time getting it put in my windshield
The yellow is not fabric or bristles... it's just foam. Doesn't have the toughness or scraping power you would expect to clean rims. I'd pick something else.
I disliked the pinion seal. It was the wrong size. That sucked. I got to install the yolk twice!! Runing the first crush ring, one time use they are. Got no support from seller or manufacturer. So no, buy a higher end kit... or do it twice and pay more any way. Your call.
Hat is of decent quality, not great, T Logo is off center from the stitching off the hat and feels pretty still material. The only REAL problem I have is that it's extremely small. Would fit like a 9-12 year old. Will be returning.
The product isn't new, the seller spray sliver paint on top of the rotors to make it look new. Once I used brake cleaner fluid to clean it, a few defective marks showed up. Very disappointed
These horns look to be well constructed, and I'm hopeful they will perform as advertised, but it might take me a while to find out because no instructions of any sort are included with these horns. You get the high-pitch horn, the low-pitch horn, and a relay. Wiring instructions are listed as included, but they are nowhere to be found. Moreover, the Hella website is useless in this regard: it has dozens of pages of marketing hype on their products, but no wiring diagrams--and no contact link to ask whether it's possible to have one sent. Even when I figure out how to install them, this will be the last product I buy from Hella. Life is too short to deal with products from companies that do not support their customers.
Product arrived on time, the controller works fine but the throttle is a piece of crap. It was very hard to twist the throttle makes a loud click, poorly built. I called them and left voicemails multiple times without response.
It was easy to install but there cheap they say torrent I asked for 2006 and the don't fit like they say and I'll send pic the torrent is a two head rest in the back they have only a three head rest back and the front seat head rest covers don't fit there to small it's not a good product.
This unit works well when it works, but it will not keep a stable Bluetooth connection. If you are using this for a live as you drive monitor it is a total failure, It will not keep a connection with the iPad that was about 2 feet away. You have to unplug the unit, let it set for a minute then reconnect and then it will connect. I used it on one 20 mile trip and it lost connection about every 10 minutes, I finally gave up and shut it off.
Overall quality is good on this product although they are smaller in size than anticipated.
Once I got all the part for the kit it installed pretty easy. Can be done under the jeep forsure. I was sent a package that was pretty banged up and once opened, I soon realized I was missing the crucial package of snap rings, and little parts. It took atleast a week to get the parts in and caused a huge delay with getting a Jeep ready for a customer. If I had gotten the parts the first time I would be giving it 5 stars but customer service took days to get ahold of over email. Won't be buying again from here.
Paint was off in several large places and I ordered two same on second set
It did not fit the Nissan Versa. The ad said that it would but it was not even close.
it looks really awesome on my dodge ram 1500 however, the reception is so bad that I have to plug my phone in and listen to music that way. don't waste your money on this product.
Proves the old adage, you get what you pay for. I suspect the fuses will protect the circuit at the rated value but they are so cheaply made that it is a challenge getting them into the socket. I ended up just buying a set of better made fuses.
3 days and one buld burnt out. Thw company was nice enough to send my money back the day after i contacted them.
The radiator seems well made (that is the reason for 2 stars) The top of the cap on this radiator sits 3/4 of an inch higher than the the cap on the original radiator. It is also six in. from the center of the radiator. It hits a reinforcement in the hood. It will not close. The hood needs to be modified for this to fit. It would probably fit with a body lift.
This kit does not include the rubber pad that goes below the pump and above the screen pick up. In many cases, the factory rubber pad has worn out over time. This kit would be great if it simply had that one missing component.
The color is NOT neon green. It is a waste of money unless you want snot green in your jeep
purchashed product to install edelbrock carburetor. Everything worked well untill engine got hot and caused vacuum leaks. after a few weeks i gave up and bought a new manifold.
Very cheaply made...but then they are cheap...so there ya go.
Was really excited about the jack buckets. At first they worked just as advertised. After some time now I have had two buckets crack and break. Bought in late May 2019 and the two broke within four months. Have tried to contact the company to warranty the two buckets but have not heard back after emailing about warranty. Think I will go to snap pads because I am worried about buying more buckets with the uncertainty of how long they will last.
The new washer for the drain plug wasn't with the filter kit like shown when I purchased. Now I still need to go to the dealership just to get the washer
It would be nice if the hardware fit the product so alot of time wasted to have to put old shocks back on.
Ordered this film to have numbers made for our semis. The backing don't want to let the film go and makes it difficult to apply to anything. The chrome finish is not really chrome looking but I was fine with the finish.
I only bought this to clean dust out of my PC, and whatever else I may need it for in the future. I used it at about 30-40 PSI & noticed air leaking when not in use, as others have said. It also had a ton of oil around the handle. I wiped it off a few times. Also, it was quite difficult to attach to the hose. It got the job done for now, but I would not buy it again.
Sent to me twice and both times came broken. First time it was sent with other products I ordered and leaked all over them after being crushed in shipping and ruined my other products as well. Second time it came alone however is the same flimsy envelope with no bubble padding and the spray handle is cracked and unusable. At this point since this one didnt leak I'm going to empty it into another bottle I have laying around. You would think they'd have the common sense to ship it more carefully. Wont buy from vendor again. Not worth my time.
I have a 02 Subaru Impreza wrx and I had to make some changes for make it fit.
Quality looks good, but the size is NOT correct.
purchased in april 2017, its now may 2019 and with only around 1,000 miles on the one is already coming apart.
First off I have a 2018 Rubicon Unlimited JL 4 door, after reading the reviews it seemed like all the older reviews said this product did not fit yet all the newer reviews, even one for the exact model I have, were all positive and it seemed like the fit issues were resolved, not the case, this product DOES NOT FIT the Rubicon Unlimited JL, after messing with it for an hour and trying everything that my husband could think of and he's very mechanically inclined, we are having to take it to a muffler shop and have it stretched in order ti have it installed. Wanted to return it but unfortunately we scratched it while trying to wrestle it in place. So incredibly disappointed.
Love the way it looks. But it doesn't work on my car the top don't go in is to big the bottom connector is wrong I won't even turn on
Have bought several sets of L.E.D headlights and have never had a set that flicker like these. Also the switching from dim to brights is a joke hardly any difference.
pros: no funky smell, does make leather look more moist Cons: moisture didn't last long and then my bag started looking even worse than before. Bag started to develop white residue on it after about a week after using
Great value but my plastics on the headlights are turning/fading yellow and I always keep my car clean and there's no oxidation but still yellowing. Good headlight just wished they weren't fading after 1.5 years
Halos look great, recommend getting brighter bulbs. One rainy day will cause these to flood with water and there's no returns on them since they are apparently suppose to have water inside them. Did not fit my stock fog supports had to force them in.
Used it to remove a screw on a Casio watch...twisted the standard blade first use...hardly any pressure...bad design or bad tempering on the blade top. Went to Lowes and bought a better tool.
They are not really as dark as they show in the image, and do not for correctly
This is not an authentic Cadillac product, the seller copy, pasted and printed the logos and stuck them to the frame. 2 stars for their neatness.
Everything worked great except for the blue CDI, it didnt work at all. I put my old one back on, it fired right up, stuck this cdi back on and boom wouldnt start... ;(
Holding out for an answer if this is normal for a new rope out of the box???
The quality is great! The fit & sizing sucks! I had to cut some pieces & adjust some of the angles. I would have rather gotten the Weathertech ones instead.
Wouldn't buy again. Doesn't fit a corolla 2016 at all. Now it's stuck in there permanently I think, had to cut down to size which makes it lose some of it's appeal.
So I plugged it in as soon as I got it. Little worried that this charger will do like my last after market charger and just keep running. I have had a different one do the same as this and it ruined my batteries due to it never shutting itself off. We will see. So far not very happy
Only blows cold air even when you have it in the heat position
Extremely disappointed with this product. Got the cover last night and installed it on my car this afternoon. Winds were about 15 miles an hour. Not difficult to install in high winds. But within 1 hour the stitches came loose from the front buckle and blew the cover off the vehicle and now I have clamped it manually. The winds are at 14 mph right now. I decided to install the cable lock as extra precaution. I plan to stitch the black loops to the elastic area tomorrow. The quality of the cover is good. The stitching around the elastic is sub standard.
Like that it's short but it's either defective or doesn't fit correctly had to adjust it to fit...and signal is so weak!
Great price, but they smell like burnt rubber. I left them out on the porch for a month before putting them in my truck, and that helped.
beautiful but big and NOT soft, NOT comfortable
It did not work with my obd II .Apparently it works with some but not others.
Like the look but the tape is horrible. Does not stick .
Both arrived worn, but do not appear to have been actually used. One was supposed to be a gift for my dad. Really irritated. Avoid.
The product did not fit my car. I will be returning them for a full refund. Website said they would fit my 2011 Chevy Cruze.
The product does not specify the size of the steering cover. This product does not fit large trucks.
Not much better than the original dipstick. Not worth the money.
AS with all of Amazons Shipments , Item arrived in two days. After purchasing new Bulb housing locks , and after re-reading and re-reading and.... the english interpretation on alternate installation methods , I finally got them installed. the alternate method which worked for me ( on my '94 Ford ranger ) was to simply take the bayonet style locking ring off using the supplied tiny allen wrench , sliding on my truck light housing lock , and reinstalling the ring. Maybe should give three stars for lighting up our darkened 6 mile trip to the highway like it was daytime , But can only give the rating because every time I turned on the lights .... it killed my radio. lights off ... radio came back. ( A Little Comical ) I'm sure it was due to the LED power supply / No voltage regulation and low manufacturing standards of this light. However , when I contacted the sales rep. they tried everything they could to help with suggestions. in summary; Bad light , great attempt by their customer service
These are really easy to put up and take down, but I agree with other reviewers - they don't provide as much protection against the heat as I expected. They are an improvement over nothing, but not a complete sun block. My gear shift still gets hot to the touch. I live in a climate where it is often around 94 degrees in the summer.
You get what you pay for: low quality parts that ship directly from China. One was broken in transit, two upon install, and one wouldn't thread onto stem.
My issue starts with the package I received this in. The baggie the parts were in looked like it had been thrown on the ground and run over countless times. As you can see in the pictures, the bag is scuffed and torn and overall in poor condition. I'm honestly shocked amazon would ship something in packaging that even looked like that. The parts I ordered that were in the beat up bag are dinged and have chips in the paint probably due to being in the bag when it was more than likely run over (as you can see the big black scuff on the bag) and one piece has a rough texture like it has crap that got caught under the paint.
The head of this grease gun does not fit the nipples of my Kubota tractor not the Toro zero turn. Grease leaks from around the head and even when I had someone to press the head on the nipple. To much hype and do not trust the huge number of reviews.
I ordered two pairs of these blades for two of my trucks. One pair was fine. The pair on my truck was not. One blade was fine and the other has a space in the middle that doesn't reach the glass for some reason. Seems as though the middle part of the wiper didn't have a good form, or quality was lacking in the mold.
They have a weird light pattern but for the price what do you expect
Amazon site claimed it would fit my 2016 Kia Soul. And yes, it does look almost identical to the original. However, it did not firmly snap into place like the OEM blade. Instead of returning, I just switched the rubber wiper elements and put the old one back on. Next time I'll buy OEM.
Vent had scuff mark across the top. The screen was broken in a few spots.
Doesn't really works for me
They look pretty sweet but one has 4 scratches in the middle and the other has a star thats bubbled up.
Product was used in a torn up box and did not work
I was sent different gloves than what I ordered. Which isn't a big deal, but I tried to go off the size chart and ordered a large for my son. My hands can fit in them. So now I have to try to find another pair and have them here before his birthday.
Uglier than stock, don't buy
Material separated as soon as I started to feed my tube through it
My expectations were not very high with this product being only $50. I have a 2011 f150 xlt super crew and although the covers fit the mesh on the back and sides are the thin see through quality you'd find in a Halloween "scream" mask. The head rest covers do not fit properly but I'm not super concerned about that. There are not holes or cutouts for the headrest to be put back in so adjusting the cover to stop at the headrest or cutting holes will be necessary. The floor mats seem to be where the cost of this product comes from. They are not weathertech but are decent.
From the description, I thought it would. Too bad.
I ordered these in November and it is now July and one light doesn't work at all anymore, buyer beware these probably won't last.
Saab 93 2007 will flicker these when off, had to 3D print my own adapters for the socket hook, their "upgraded" decoders didn't stop the flickering, otherwise they do work. I fixed my flicker issue, basically the car keeps sending pulses to the bulb when off, no idea why it does this, kinda stupid, so I put a delayed activation circuit on it, byproduct is the lights fade on now, works for now, no idea if there's a catch with my design, just wanted to inform.
Lights were very easy to install, the light coming off them is very bright. They are not CAN bus compatible. If the Jeep is running then the push button on all three lights works as intended. If the Jeep is not running then they do not come on at all. Bought a different brand, and all work as intended. If you don't care about using the push buttons to turn these on while the vehicle is off, then they are a very inexpensive upgrade to the stock lights.
I got these mats because my work boots track a ton of a dirt, looking at the photo on amazon they looked really nice and when I recieved them they kind of let me down. Didn't take as much space as I would've liked and the back seat mats don't really fit that well either. However as a temporary mat and for keepin dirt off your floor it gets the that done to say the least.
Does not clip well into vents and the time cant be seen when u use the led light. Unless u angle the clock or ur head. Dont recommend item.
Not as bright as described! sent back.
Rubber bracket that holds the cell broke.
This sign is â€˜ok'. It emits a loud buzzing noise when plugged in from the control box, and I have to unplug it after picking up each customer because it is annoying. Also, the suction cups really stink unless you spit on them.
The clutch worked perfect for 2 uses on my daughter's minibike then it quit. I replaced the chain at the same time so everything was new. My daughter was heartbroken.
The material these are made from is very soft and is easily damaged.
After a week installed one day running light got all fogged up so far the other headlights are ok
Sent back didn't like the look
it didn't fit right, not very easy to put on
Okay for household tools but not the quality I expected from Klein
It leaves horse hair all over your leather. Super messy. Didn't work either.
It was undersized for what I needed...I just never considered that when buying this item. But it does what it'suppoed to do, pump washer fluid.
Too many false positives. Unit goes off if surface is damp??? What condenser coil or evaporator is dry during operation???? Item was cheap. I did not expect much, but it was still a disappointment.
It does not fit my Yaris
These lasted about 4 months then one got really dim and the other stopped working altogether.
Missing bolts, does not look like the picture when mounted, sits 3 inches below the bumper and the directions to install are horrible
To big to properly fit my 2008 Honda Civic had to use cable ties to keep from slipping on steering wheel. But it looks good.
Not large enough. Needed a 2.5 in speed not 1.5 in
Does not fit all wheels only for back
Didn't come with right fittings for fuel pressure
Ordered 2 only received 1... and it was all bent up... sad..
The product itself is great however both items were received broken and thus rendering it useless. The shipper needs to package this better as the container is plastic and clearly not durable. My container was cracked in several places with the charcoal spilling out as soon as I removed the wrapping!
Tried many different phone mounts, and this one just felt like it would have problems on any moderately rough terrain. Wouldn't trust an expensive phone in this.
Got the solution but no cloth!
It won't stop dripping. Will replace with better one in near future.
I do not like this visor. First off it does not stay on. It has fallen on my hear several times. For me , it is not long enough. I wanted something that would block the sun under the car visor. When the sun is lower but still very bright.
It looks like a good quality pipe, but the one I received was less than 5 feet long. It also came in a comically way-too-large flat box.
Attractive but it stunk so bad we had to take it out of the car. I can't really explain the smell. It was so pungent you could smell it on your hands after you would go driving. Very bizarre.
The air filter was shipped in only the original Fram box. No other exterior box. Soft Fram box + soft filter = crushed filter.
They sent the wrong one
They slide around everywhere, and tear at the seams easily
This did not work. At least not for the couple times I used it. It just scraped the top of the ice and never got it off my windshield. One thing that I have to say is great about it is that it can be used as a funnel, but that about all it's good for.
Cross pin shattered. Installed factory cross pin and havent had a problem since
Pin fell out of throttle pump.
Not durable at all. Can't leave on your seat for any amount of time. the strings attached will break easily. Very disappointed. They need to make the attachments much more durable so no tearing happenings -- so don't waste your money. I bought 2 and totally regret it for this reason. Sorry about the rating but this is how I feel now that I have used it for a while and went through 2 of time in less than 6 months... does that sound like a good product if it tears easily?
Filters arrived in a couple days. Look good, correct part number. No washers though.
Had to adjust each time it was lowered. No stable.
I guess it does the job. . .but what a pain! First you have to clean the item--and I only have a small hot tub. Can't imagine how you'd do it with a big one. Then you spray on and wipe off. . .and wipe off. And this has to be done every month! Sheesh, if I paid myself minimum wage I could earn enough to buy a new one every year.
Holes did not align properly, warped. Had no time to send back and reorder. Made it work with zip ties.
1/2" joint broke after the 4th attempt at removing a stuck oil filter with an 260 ft lb impact gun.
I've had the product for a few days and it's a great cover. However, the clamps ruin it. I had the handle to one snap off yesterday as I retightened one of the front clamps. I can see the cover struggling to stay down at 45mph. 60 mph on the highway is an accident waiting to happen. Will probably have to send back if I can't find a better way to secure it.
Like the picture shows it does. But overall, work well. My glasses no longer fall on slight turns.
Had it installed 4 months and it's full of moisture. Not a good product.
Looked great for the first 10 months but after that started turning a bit foggy and after a few more months starting turning that ugly yellow color as well. Also noticed while installing them they would not pop in properly into the mounting bracket would pop out after driving a few miles ended up having to secure them with glue. I will be looking for another pair of head lights in the near future.
I replaced all 8 of them but still have a ruff idle not sure if one is bad but can find out how to get ahold of company
Purchased to house new prescription sunglasses that are medium sized, could not close the lid. Returning for another alternative.
get what you pay for
It worked great for the 90 day warranty and then the wires started to break at the plug because it flops around to much.
The switch for the driver's door window in my 2009 Accord broke. The window was down, of course. This unit enabled me to raise the window, but it broke some of the door locking functions. For example, pushing the remote unlock button once is supposed to unlock only the driver's door. With this unit, it unlocks ALL of the doors. And, locking the driver's door from inside is supposed to lock all doors. That also stopped working. I'm returning it, and getting the genuine Honda part.
3 out 0f 4 the worked and thats only after i played with it you get what you pay for i guess.
Rear pads and rotors fit well and without issue. Front rotors are of correct size, but the pads are incorrect. Also, this kit does not include new brake pad springs. You will have to clean and re-use your old ones, so don't throw them away. I ended up having to go to a local auto parts store to get the correct front pads for my Accord.
Do not buy if you have a Toyota Tundra no room to mount. There is nothing easy about mounting this unit when there is no room on your frame rail. Trying to get tech support I was on the phone for a half an hour waiting so I hung up. Broke the cheap plastic air filter fitting during install. Called tech support again and they are sending me a new air filter which is nice. Total disappointment with the mounting bracket very large and bulky you need a lot of room between the frame rail and body of you truck which I do not have. Oh yeah and I had to take of my tube step off in order to mount a drill holes in frame. EZ-mount my ass.
The part I needed was broken. The driver side door handle replacement had a broken stem that controlled the door lock mechanism. It may have been broken in delivery
No way near the tire size they were advertised for. Way undersized and look only good enough for a lawn tractor. I returned them to Amazon was issued an efficient refund.
I have a 2019 Silverado, still the 2018 body style. These do not work on the bed rails.
Loved this product in the beginning but unfortunately it sheds so much and was not in good shape after around a month. Would've liked for it to be in good shape for longer
These have no markings and are not the same as people in the comments. I do not believe they are oem. I gave 2 star because they are still a good deal for knockoffs
we have had nothing but problems with this product. This fell of our Bike we where a hour from home in the dark. I know 3 other people who bought this and the same thing happened to them. Not Happy with this at all...
Shipped in a box 5 times to big and despite packaging not being damaged the roll was creased in multiple locations. At least I got the toolkit that many others didn't
Difficult to get folded back up
Second set and the amber lights didn't work. Plug in pin never aligned and lights didn't work as advised
I could not get the frames to straighten out to effectively stick and stay to the window. I will be returning them.
Be careful the clip will put permanent grooves in your sun visor I notice it too late other than that a ok product
Wimpy sound. Other drivers laugh when they hear it! Been using these for 9-10 months now so the plus is that they're still working.
Worked for two weeks then needed to remove it and line wouldnt release and after it finally did it never would bleed afterward
The product was installed and have failed and need to be replaced after two months.
The picture and the description indicate 4 floor mats in this set. I had to return these as there were only 3 mats-the two for the front row and only one for the back row. Luckily, a different order provided all 4 mats.
This product only works if the third row seat is up. I wanted a product that will keep cargo from rolling forward when the third row seats are stowed. This is not that product.
Worked well for a few weeks, now will not hold a charge. Not worth saving a few dollars.
Items arrived damaged. In process of getting new ones sent. Not happy but so far customer service seems to be on top of it. Will change rating when new items arrive undamaged.
I purchased these bulbs two months ago, on one of the bulbs, one of the led chips has stopped working so only half the bulb works. The color temp of the bulb with the bad chip has also dropped substantially. I cannot find any way to contact this company in hopes of sorting this out, and unfortunately the bulb is "unavailable."
good battery, just didn't fit my Harley like they said it would.
I wasn't expecting too much from this item since it was on sale for Prime Day. I've used it for more than 4 days and the walls don't stay put very well. The Velcro lining is too narrow and walls are not sturdy enough that the items within the space are causing the walls to collapse. I should have went with the same brand I'm currently using inside my other car. It's probably not worth the time or effort returning the item so I'll just keep it.
Flimsy material. Arrived scuffed. Not the same size as advertised. Unfortunately I didn't return them in time for a refund.
Nice hubcaps, but you better not hit any bumps in the road, or you will be finding them in your rear view mirror.
Was nice but the clip to mount is on the vanity mirror was way to bulky for my car.
Had to use adapters that was supplied with kit to install quick disconnect to hoses.. This makes in very hard to get into places.. the weight of it all kept causing lose connections... Hoses to the gage set kept coming hose .. requires more than finger tight to stay connected.. With all the hose connections , I wouldn't recommend.. Recommend using to get your on personal feeling before return date runs out..
The product works good and wasn't difficult to install. However it did rust after about 5 year.
Update: I bought this as a Christmas gift in December 2017 and we loved it. Quite unfortunately, it broke within a year, or just a little over. The button that attaches the heads to the handle broke off between uses for no apparent reason. We store it in a vehicle or in our house. It was great while it lasted, but it didn't last very long. SO disappointed! Original review: I bought this as a gift and they love it, and I love it. The shovel and scraper attachments are lost somewhere in the basement. The shovel is very narrow and it has a pointed tip, but it's better than not having a shovel if you keep it in your vehicle. I wish the arm was longer, but it does telescope and does reach across most of an SUV. The brush attachment has a rotating feature so you can angle the head. I purchased in Dec 2017 and just used it tonight in January 2019. Living in New England. So far so good. I have thought about getting another one for myself!
This product does not come as described
Having a problem with them adjusting and fitting
One of the make pins on these broke off easily. Only one of the two worked. Either find another option or be very very careful with these. No way to repair.
Might look cool on the car. Says direct replacement no mods needed . Haa a extra spot for a bulb that goes under the low beam bulb. My car doesn't have this bulb.
One of em broke , when putting in ðŸ˜
Not good for a painting contractor like myself, doesnt hold many brushes.
This is just what I wanted to remove my dent.
These worked for 3 months of intermittent use then no longer warmed. You get what you pay for.
I've been ordering stuff from Amazon for years and haven't seen something this mutilated until now. It looks like someone stomped on the can and threw it. I think it is usable, but I'm not sure if the lid will stay on. I may ask for a refund.
Installed in March 2017. Toyota dealer shop said CAT is plugged causing car not go and check engine light is on.
this said it came with a storage bag...and there was none in the box
Never quite fit on the seat and tore at the seam because of shoddy sewing.
Very cheaply made. Arrived damaged.
Car mat clip does not work well with my mats.
despite indicating this fit my vehicle it was simply to small to connect to the wiper arm....
It is built decent. But there was hardware missing it clearly fell out of the whole in the box and the headache was damaged. Instead of shipping back I touched up with paint
they are not bright at all.
I put these in my 2019 4runner and it did not work. I believe it's because they are not CAN BUS ready. But then again Why didn't they give me an option to buy one that was can bus ready. They look really good but I can't use them
The metal parts came delivered fine, however the vinyl case that they came in was cut almost the length of the case. This made the case useless.
Disappointed. Really big. Just hangs over towards the floor. Awkward for use
when I received the product there was padding to protect it which was a pain to get off because of the sticky residue once I had it on I noticed that there was some damage a small dent which was very annoying however I didn't want to go through taking it all off just to return it as a recommendation I would use some type of chemical to remove the sticky residue so that you don't scratch it as well
testing all working ok initially with trailer connection, but then after getting everything working via direct wire, to avoid the Ford Trailer detection issue, the parking light mode failed, and has not returned .. it is getting juice, and it is even making the strip get hot, (must be shorted) so i disconnected the Parking lt wire... I'm a bit disappointed but the other features are working enough to make me keep it for now, but I don't trust it, and would not recommend. Too much of a pain to install for it to fail so quickly.
I bought the 2 pack - one bulb only lasted 8 months. No happy about this at all. Amazon refers you to the manufacturer's website to obtain any information about warranty & replacement. Also, not fun!
Had to seal the lens gaps in several places that water was passing through
The problem with this plate is the thick bottom border. It covers up the county and the registration sticker that goes in the lower right; these are required to be visible by my state (GA). I don't understand why it has to be so thick. If it were a mirror image, top to bottom (so we could screw it into the bottom holes as well) it could be perfect.
Seems like it would have been a great replacement. It was built pretty well, but I sent it back. All the buttons worked except the driver's front window. Defective item.
NOT BRIGHT AT ALL FOR MY FOG. NEED FUNCTIONALLY NOT LOOKS
The adhesive strip is a pain to put on and it doesn't want to stick. I actually used super glue to keep it on.
I put 4 of these lights in our Motorhome. One of them in our bedroom blinks on and off once it warms up. The other 3 work just fine, for now. I'll have to order 2 more hopefully they work as they should.
Dust sticks horribly to this.
I bought these hearing good things about them but when I was installing them and it came time to put the mirror on the bracket attached to my car, the piece of plastic that the screw goes through was too small. After I tightened them, the mirror just flopped and kept swinging inward. The one on my passenger side stayed but if you bumped it with your hand, it would swing inward as well. I had to find washers in my garage and place those in between the piece of plastic and the bracket to make a tighter fit. Very disappointing and I don't recommend buying. Also I was driving and a storm was coming in and a strong wind blew it inward very easily. I was on the highway too. It was very scary to not be able to see.
Fluid leaked out of five within 10 days of usage.
I have 2017 Sonata, it did not work on my car because base of the product was too small. It's almost size of can soda, which is small for standard cup holder. The product say its standard size but it will fit for small cars such as Fiat or mini cooper. Luckily I have personal 3D printer, so I printed a base to make it stable.
It fits but not well.
While the material is nice and thick, the velcro is not well attached and ripped right away.
Is really to hard for living in tha car
Not a big difference between using the shade or not. Large size worked for my Honda Civic 2014 coupe
They are plush and soft but to detail a car with this is imposible leave lint all over
Bought for my friend who has a Lexus....didn't grip his car visor
Had to add a washer as there was to much slack
I guess shame on me for not reading more carefully but look at the picture -who wouldn't expect to receive cups AND lids. You should change your descriptions to LIDS for Mixing Cups. Regardless, $8 is not a reasonable value for 12 lids.
I bought these 8 months ago, but just got new tires and installed them about two weeks ago. They're already rusting at the corners from two weeks of use, but I should add a small disclaimer that I live across the street from the ocean. However, that's never been an issue with past lug nuts. I used these on a 2014 Ford Fusion to replace bulging OEM Ford lug nuts. These do fit, but the tapered part that first touches the bolt is a tiny bit of different angle/grade than the original Ford lug nuts.
have gotten other tow straps off the same company...excellent quality this one has a tear in the nylon rendering it almost useless to me..would buy this again from the same supplier since my prev straps were great just up set with this one
Don't buy if you are under 5'2"
Received 2 right bar ends. contacted customer service, said they will ship a left one asap, and stated that they will have a tracking number the next day. It's day 4 and they have not responded to my emails.
Goes on easy enough but the mirror vibrates terribly. And also makes a whistling noise.
Not impressed with range of talking and too many buttons on it
Headlights worked as reviewed, but the halos stopped working 24 hour's after install. I have tried every solution to this problem but it seems there is a short in the box that works the halos. It is filled with silicone so it is impossible to repair. I have notified seller and only got an email back with troubleshooting help (which didn't work). If they sent a new connection box I believe the problem would be solved.
I was disappointed when I only received 1, not 2 expected.
Kind of disappointed when I opened it up and checked it out. Giving 2 stars for the design. I like the design but this is why I didn't give it any more stars... there is no filter for the separation of oil from the air. Kind of defeats the purpose of buying this.
NO PATTERN WHAT SO EVER, COULD NOT ADJUST DUE TO ONE BIG GLARE.
This item was scratched and a couple of parts were missing. Had to adapt with old parts.
We had this installed by a man that does it for a living and he told us that the relay is bad. Can you email me or contact me?
This will do the trick that the manufacturer ignored but it is pretty flimsy. Hopefully it will hold up.
Although this appears to be very sturdy, it is not very accurate.
Not pleased with product.
Received product in a white box that was not sealed and only thing saying quicksilver was a small sticker on the side. Does not look genuine. There are no casting numbers or marks on the part. Looks like an aftermarket part. Gaskets that came with it was the not the same as the old gasket. One gasket should be different than the other side. Had to cut gasket to fit on one side. Pump fitted on engine but not happy since it does not look genuine.
It would have been great if the size of the ashtray is slightly bigger.
It works. Deck padding gets torn up fairly easily if pressed against any protruding hardware though. *Update The adhesive holding the deck pad to the jack became useless after coming in contact with motor oil, and now my bike easily slides around on said jack while it is elevated off the ground. Not cool. If this becomes the case for you, be sure to keep your side stand down, and be careful about how you apply force to anything on your bike.
Was told it fit my 2000 Toyota 4 runner, I replaced the rear with no problems, when I went to replace the front one, the connection was wrong. So only one O2 sensor worked out.
like the others review say it does scratch the car.
these do not smell long at all. not strong enough if you want a nice smell for atleast a day
Sealed for about two weeks, installed on the suction side of a pump before a filter. After that, noticed the filter housing draining back to tank again when opened to atmosphere. Maybe a poor choice for fuel oil/diesel?
These clips are not exactly right, close, but not like original and for the price you've got to expect something wrong. Couldn't use a couple of them where I needed because they were just a bit off-size. I'l find some use for them I'm sure.
Cool stickers but they sent me two of the same sticker.... I wanted to have the stickers on both sides of my truck and have both flags forward facing but unfortunately only the passenger side sticker is forward facing while the driver side sticker is a retreating flag... Bummer. Looks weird. Wish they would have thought about which side to put the adhesive on so that both flags can be forward facing on each side of a vehicle.
Dim and colors are mixed. At least they all work. Not happy and continuing my search.
Replaced original factory part... works but still has a sound other than air movement
No longer usable as a keychain with the "Z"
i was thinking its USA made but its china made and its not good quality as USA made
Did not use them, the set would fit my Montero sport but was looking for a set with more of a projection from window out they are too flat projection dimension should be advertised
Very disappointed in package. When it arrived the box was busted and many of the weights were already peeled of their protective label causing them to stick together.
Didn't last very long till they started occasionally flickering. Fans make noise, they're not as bright either. But for the price what do you expect..
Not nearly bright enough. Better lights elsewhere. I returned mine.
To install it took six hands. After a month we noticed it was broken in the middle in the front.
My car still rides like crap! I would not buy these again
They look great but was broken when I received it
Not an exact fit. the product was in range of the vehicle that I installed them on, however, it was a difficult install due to the anchor tabs not lining up on the left side.
Work well for the first 3 months. Purchased on February 2018 and as of last week the suction does not want to stick on the windshield anymore.
This part arrived today not very happy by the quality of this product it's made very cheap for the price. Will probably be corroded in about 2weeks. I expect to be changing this part very soon
They were very nice but they didn't fit my car
One of the bulbs went out in four months.
The black accent looks amazing. But ran into a few speed bumps while installing due to poor quality control.
Not at 100w at all. My stock lights on my civic are brighter. They are $14.99 for a reason. Don't waste your money.
Lower rating because one of the handles pulled out of the seam right before I left using it for the first time.
Will not for my truck, too small
My package arrived on time today only to find out its been slashed thru 2 plastic bags the bag the cover comes in and 8 layers of the car cover, what do I do i'm not very happy about this.
Not an OEM, doesn't look like the old one when you press your breaks, but does the job.
Stiff and the gloves restrict finger movement making clutch brake and throttle motions more difficult
The quality looks good on this kit. The first part I went to install was the mats for the cup holders. They were about 1/2 too small. Didn't look very good. The piece for the skinny slot on top of the console also was not quite the right length. I didn't even take the rest of the parts out of the box. They are going back to Amazon. Sorry, I really wished this could have worked out.
They dont stick into the holes so you have to get them placed on the jack just right so they align with the holes.
This $37 BMW cabin air filter element (normally sold in single wall cardboard box) was shipped in a prime bubble mailer. When it arrived the filter box inside was crushed.
It took a month to get. Then the bolts that are supplied are all metric. You need standard 3/8-16 bolts to attach the bracket to the bike.
They claim that this was fit my Toyota Camry and they're really too small
kind of flimsy quality wont last more than a few hard rides
Shortly after starting to inflate the tire the slime started coming out of the hose and the lid. The reason for 2 stars is the small amount that made it into the tire seems to have stopped the leak.
Would have left a 5 star review but received both front pieces broken... was so excited to get them on as soon as I got them that by the time I realized the front two were cracked I had already put on the back pieces. Disappointing as it is a great product otherwise.
Couldn't hear when on calls.
The mirror covera did not fit.
It got jammed up on first use I had to take it all apart to get the rivet out . Cleaned it up lubricated it and seems to be working ok so far . Adaptive holders fell right off so won't be connected to it any more .
Power leads to light are not 12 feet long. The black and red power lines to the light are not long enough to reach from the relay to my light bar. The wires with the switch on it are long enough. This is a deceptive listing leading the buyer to believe both sets of wires are 12 Feet in length. I will have to buy more 14 g wire and wire it in to make it work. The black and red power lead wires are about 6ft long. If you were to use it on a truck it might be long enough to run from the relay up to your light bar. It will not work for my 2013 Polaris RZR 800 s unless I modify it and splice in longer power wires.
It looks nice, feels like cheap plastic and electric board won't fit. But you get what you pay 15 bucks for
Really wakes up the throttle response of my 2015 Chevrolet 2500HD. Its a day and night difference! Takeoff is smooth and crisp. Installation is really simple, and can be removed whenever you want without any issues. UPDATE: Product has been on my truck for 19 months and it no longer works. My vehicle started throwing codes for TPS and went into limp mode. Before taking it to dealership for repair I remembered the Pedal Commander. I removed that and truck is fine once again. No more codes.
Received with a broken flap snap.OK otherwise. Made in China. The snap is riveted to the flap. Poor workmanship. Returned for a refund instead of a replacement.
Installed in 2010 Mini Cooper (NA) Convertible. These filters are mediocre at best. Certainly not OE quality. It worked for an oil change interval, but I'd never purchase again. Get the Mini/BMW filter instead. Even the Mann filters are better.
Tried several times, wouldn't work. Took Z4 to local shop, they had no problems calibrating it for $140. Complete waste of money.
Works good but the rotors rust real bad
Ripped on the 3rd tire very cheap not durable, stay with the old towel or tshirt
technically it works and no error code BUT the gold part gets EXTREMELY HOT, so hot it melted through the hard plastic housing that the fog light was in and now it has merged into the plastic and cannot be removed
looked forward to having this for 2 reasons. 1 It would be comfortable while resting on long drives. 2 just as important, as it is advertised to have a pocket to hold items (glasses phone) Guess what not happy no pocket as advertised. However I will say it is a comfortable and looks good
The Rapid Remover Vinyl Letter Remover does not not remove vinyl letters. I tried it on several types of decals and letters over a period of a few days. I let it soak per directions, longer than required and shorter periods. It does not remove the letters even with a lot of scraping. I removed the letters with a heat gun. The adhesive left behind did come off with the product. Very disappointed. Not worth the high price. Would not recommend for vinyl letter removal.
The vendor sent me the wrong parts. They sent two of the top type versus one top and one bottom. I wasted an hour to open the car only to find out that I dont even have the right part. They were at least nice to issue me a refund but that does not compensate for an hour of my time and effort. If you order from them, please make sure that they sent you the right parts before you start working on your car. Save yourself time and frustration.
Stop working after 3 months use every other day
Cool idea, but like most here. Be prepared to spill beer all over you bumper when opening. I'll just eat the cost and continue using my wedding band. And, in the unlikely moment someone asks me what that is on my license plate, I'll tell them it's a special washer or something...If they ask what it does I'll just have to say 'it spills beer all over your bumper.'
They look very nice and bright, but I haven't even had them installed for seven months and one is already out. Don't last long at all.
The front covers were ok but the back seat covers didn't last two weeks. The straps broke and when someone got out the cover went with them.
Went on a ride around the bay, attached this to my helmet and rode around for 3 hours. The darned thing wasn't even blinking once I got back. Gave it the benefit of the doubt, and charged it fully and then took anther few hour trip. Again, it was off and wouldn't turn back on. Yep, dead battery. Since it was on my helmet that never comes off until I get home, it could mean life and death.
These shocks supposedly are for 1500hd or 2500hd but in reality they are more for 1500 light duty trucks or SUV's
This hitch is a fast and easy install however this hitch seems like it is designed for a lighter trailer than mine. I drove 600 miles with it and the whole trip the hitch flexes pushing the truck forward and backward the whole trip very irritating.
The blades that come with are cheap. I broke all of them in about an hour. I ended up buying a more heavy version.
One has broken already.
Love the way these lights look but do not like the way the project light kinda like a projector but not! If you planing on buying them and running LED bulbs then don't! You can't make the LED sit correctly at 3 and 9 to project right. HIDs project much better in these housings. Clear coat on headlights started to peel after 4 months and now moisture is getting in them.
they don't fit my truck very well nor do they stay on my seats very well with the hooks. there not what I thought they were going to be.
Seemed really nice and strong. However we put it on top of the truck and started loading it for the first time, we then saw the tear shown in the picture. Having no choice, we will use it and hope the tear doesn't get any bigger.
No weather proof seal and different color wiring then pictured
These LED headlights were great for the price so I had to buy them for my 2000 suburban. The had an awesome bright vibrant light that made night time driving a lot more comfortable. Fairly easy to install after you realize that the plastic 3 grove ring rotated freely unlike the factory or some of the better aftermarket bulbs (HALOGEN, HID and LED). This had me baffled for about 5 mins. After that everything was fine. That was until about a month and a half later. That's when I was notified by a gate Gaurd entering a military base that I had a light out. I will say that I honestly had not noticed due to the amount of light that the one that still worked was putting out. Once it was brought to my attention I checked the connection and even swapped bulbs with the remaining working one to verify it wasn't the wiring. I also checked for condensation or any other type of possible issues. Long story short. You get what you pay for. Now I gotta return them IF I CAN?!?!
After installing the unit I checked both cars to see what it would turn up. Nothing. I had thought it would give me a thumbs up or OK or something about the systems it checked. Within a few days the battery turned up dead. Surprise. I knew the battery was weak and not new. I charged the battery and drove several more days. Yes again the battery turned up dead again. So I charged the battery. Drove again and then I checked the unit with my phone before turning the key on. It said the battery was weak, which I knew and began to realize the unit was staying hot all the time with the ability to bluetooth to my phone. So, if you have a weak battery or do not drive frequently, you might not want to leave the unit plugged in all the time. I keep mine in the glove box.
The housing for the clicker is sturdy and well built and are of oem quality. But the blade is made out of extremely cheap material. I cut and programed car keys for a few years and this is definitely the cheapest blade I've come across. It does work but you must treat it extremely carefully so to not break it. It would be smarter to buy from another seller using better blades.
Not what i expected. It is an actual license plate..i must not have read clearly thought it was a sign for the wall.
Easy to install*. Packaging was taped shut (like it was used), the paint on the shifter is marred (as if it was dropped). Other than the unfortunate scratches on the paint, they look very cool. Went ahead and installed it knowing that it's a Jeep and we're going to scratch them up anyway. If the paint wasn't chipped, I'd give it 5 stars. *Install note: It is possible to remove the stock knob without destroying it. Just pop the lower chrome collar loose with a trim removal tool. Once that is free, the knob slides right off. (Same thing for the 4 Wheel transfer knob).
Had the product for 2 weeks Product was great them the driverside fog light started going in and out and finally blew and stopped working.
If you want bright red LEDs these are not them. I don't know about their other colors but the reds are so dim it's not worth it
They were alright. I wouldn't really recommend them.
I really liked this product out of the box. Seemed well built, solid but a week after installation, coming home from work I noticed the passenger side flickers. I don't know if it's a defective product but it seems like a common issue. Plug and play but it was a pain in the ass removing the bumper to install these.
This Tool Didn't Work, It Broke Trying To Remove A Pilot Bearing.
This is very bulky and it hangs the placard very high so it may be missed.
THe product may or may not work but it is not mink oil. I purchased mink oil. This product has mink oil as the smallest ingredient part. I don't know what is in it but it is NOT mink oil. Plus,I bought 16 ounce bottles and received 8 ounce bottles. If you want MINK OIl do not buy this product.
we have had this for 4 months now and it does not hold up.. I was hoping this last is at least tone year but it's only been a few months and I have already been through two and it will not last long. I wish I would have spent a bit more for a quality monitor that will last.
Leaks gas poor quality.
Worked for 2 months somewhat then stopped blowing hot air. Used maybe 15 times. Save your money.
Peeled off after a week
For whatever reason it's really hard to see when the bright lights are on. I personally do not like this as it's hard to see on all the country rds I travel as is. So I'm relying on my dim lights all the time. Not sure if they are faulty lamps or what.
I put these on a Jeep Cherokee. Fit pretty well. But the fabric pills. Had a very short time
Easy installations, but.. after 1 week the USB port and the red led light stop working,
Very cheaply made. Thought it would be a little bit nicer. I guess , you get what you pay for
Front rotors don't fitted, was to big
The sticker was nice when I got it. I followed the directions to a T and then when I woke up after the 24 hours to take the plastic off, the second s didn't adhere to my car at all. The bottom of the P was somehow also chipped off while I was driving on the highway. I ended scraping the words off of my back window and just leaving Mr. Meeseeks there because that was the only thing that actually stuck to my car.
Day one after install they looked great nice and bright. But after a night of riding they didn't seem to work right. One of the lights are red and the rest of the lights no longer operate right with the app. Is this covered under warranty?
I purchased this and two of the four legs do not stay locked in place and tend to fold when it is in use. Not a good thing for a stepping platform
Well, I didn't receive the correct item. Instead I receive squirt bottle tops and blamed his worker for it. Lol. I returned those. The seller eventually got back to me and sent me the towels I ordered. After some conversation. I didn't want the towels after all the confusion, but he sent them anyway. I wanted a refund he said he would do that but I have yet to see it. The towels are pretty good I will give him that.
Hi, I bought a grill from Multiple Manufacturers on January 22, supposedly I arrived at an incomplete address on January 25, not at the address provided by my Amazon, this order was going to be shipped to Panama, it turns out that it was delivered to another person, how do I communicate with the Seller? According to the tracing of the packet it says that it was sent by a company called Keystone, or something like that .. I need to contact the seller.
Works good but fragil plastic one switch broke really easy right away
The product did not include any instructions on how to hook it up or program it. I have been fighting trying to get it to work. Now they say I need to buy a jumper harness but that's going to be another $85.00 + shipping and tax. Can't find any instructions any where I'll probably going to have to pay a dealer to get it working. O well live and learn.
Mine is NOT fluffy, just kind of poofy. It also has a weird smell. It is shedding something awful. I'm not sure if I'm keeping it or not. Definitely wouldn't buy again.
I remember as a kid how I would simply pop the vent, then remove the gas can cap to full the tank fuel of fuel. All of these EPA nozzles are junk. This can is no better. You need 6 fingers to use this then the gas pours out like thru a straw with a gurgle. Come on people! How poor of design. Spend another $15 and buy the new nozzle and vent. Fix this can properly. Then you will be happy.
Broke within a few months.
I bought this expecting to have a water resistant compartment in the bed of my truck. If you need a dry truck bed, do not buy this. I gave it 2 stars because I do love how it folds up. It is very versatile.
I followed the instructions and made sure to wipe off the polish as soon as I applied it. Still, there were areas that the polish stuck like cement to the finish and all the wiping and applying of additional product in the world did not remove the material. I will not be using this stuff again...
Within two weeks of owning this product I started noticing cargo light LEDs not working. Sometimes they would flicker and sometimes they wouldn't come on at all. It's been 30 days since I purchased this. I'm down to just a few lights on the left and a few lights on the right. It's not a very good product in my opinion.
I bought this with bolts for the same price
not impress.. can't even tell when I turn the high beam on.
Helped my dad install them and thought I wouldn't get any problems with them. Ordered them around November of 2018 and they stopped working. Page says lifetime warranty, but no way to contact seller to maybe get them replaced.
Failed after a year.
It may have worked fine, but did not include a fuel filter (like the picture showed it should), and the company didn't respond when I sent an inquiry, so I returned it, which was inconvenient.
Ok product but wouldn't buy again.
Do not use on a black car. After two months it is still shedding red fuzz all over the paint. Very visible on black.
Does not fit snug on the metal bars.
Cute but stones were already falling off when I opened the package
I installed them on my Yakima and they feel too loose I do not like them. I am thinking about sending them back.
This part was bought for a 2006 Expedition rear vent upper to lower control. It was easy to access and install. I did not screw it down before actuating and it over traveled in both directions. So I believe it will share a gear again if I screw it in place. I just left the screws out and it works ok.
Get what you pay for...cheaply made
They came a part while pulling out to change the plugs
Bought this kit to try and save some money and it ended up costing me more. The only useful part of this kit is the hose. None of the fittings in this kit screw on to the hose properly. Bought name brand fittings and screwed on the hose without an issue and they don't leak. I'll see how the hose holds up in the long run but I'm not optimistic.
Great concept, poor execution. Received cracked mirror. Will return...really needed a product like this though!
One of the hubcaps had a small crack. Other than that they are as advertised.
Housing leaked after 3 months.... Blew out my HIDs.
Tore on the first use. Easy to install but ripped on first use and only had a couple suitcases.
My order came in and it was supposed to be the whole set. Only 2 visors were in the box. It did not include the back window deflectors like the description shows.
Wasn't as fluffy as expected. All knotted and sheds a bunch.
Rear view camera doesn't work
Bleed terribly in the wash, don't get red!
Picture is very, very misleading. This is just a frame. NO speakers included. I had a very disappointed grandson Christmas morning.
Looks cool, but the lace came undone after a week of regular use.
Instead of the factory brownish color this is a silver color which really sucks because it says Factory replacement...
Did not fit our go kart even tho the description says it will. Had to send back for a refund
Needed this for the REAR inner tire of my class c RV. The valve connector turns independently of the rest of the body. Had a really hard time to get it to fit and could not get a good tight seal so air kept leaking. Tools a definite necessity when using this item.
I bought it from Amazon warehouse and it said it might have missing bolts that is fine but it came with bolts and broken end caps
The front drivers side and passenger side are great and line up to the car door perfect. The two back doors are way smaller than the door. They only fit directly over the window and look awkward.
This emblem looks nice, the back has 2 folding wires that I had to bend down to lay flat so that it would allow the adhesive tape to stick to it. Speaking of tape, it's horrible. It does not hold the emblem on very well at all. It adhered to the vehicle but after some rainy weather, the tape got saturated and weak and eventually the emblem started to come loose from the tape itself. It eventually fell off the vehicle.
We followed directions, but the headliner wouldn't stick for more than a few hours. We ended up using the tacks, cheaper and more secure. bummer.
Didnt come with that hardware that was in the picture
This needs to be redesigned to enable the hitch pin to be engaged as you fold upwards. Right now you can't fold up without removing hitch pin first. Bad design.
Purchased to replace the 1156 dome lamps in my enclosed trailer. The output (brightness) of the bulbs is less than the originals. Tried them in the tail (reverse) lamps of my tow vehicle. Same result - not as bright.
I had to make my own holes didn't fit oem ones
Gas cap fits my 2013 elantra with the click. However I did not recieve the same product shown in the image...not sure if this is actually genuine hyundai part. Im too lazy to return this..hopefully it will work fine
Returned the shocks. Amazon stated they fit my truck but they did NOT fit. I emailed the company and was told which shocks to buy and still got the wrong ones shipped.
Smells good. Spray bottle is nice but not very effective even on fairly clean wheels. Really it doesn't work any better than soap and water for me.
Easy to install but too dim
Just installed today, I'll try to give an update soon. Very easy install. Update: After a few days took it through the carwash. And now driver's side full of moisture. I'm no longer impressed. Definitely not happy with this product. BUYER BEWARE.
Missing mounting hardware.
This is the correct filter, shipping time was average but thee packaging was poor. It's a miracle it arrived. The item shipped in the 3/32" (average) thickness box you see on the shelf in any store. the end tabs were not even taped and thus the box was open on both ends. I hope this was an exception to the shipping standards and not the rule. I WILL NOT PURCHASE FROM THIS VENDOR IN THE FUTURE. Think about it.....maybe they wii use a cardboard box.
These screws are the wrong type for the 2018 Honda CR-V. They are machine type that require a bolt to fasten to. The CR-V uses self threading type. The quality does look pretty good for the price but I won't know how they last cause I can't use them.
this is suppose to clean canvas and take away certain stuff when it gets on it and it didnt even make the slightest difference .
Not the highest quality, but for the price, not bad. They did hyper flash initially but have miraculously stopped and are functioning properly. I've had them installed for a month now and no issues. I was sent 2 right turn signals, contacted seller and they sent me another right turn signal, contacted them again and they finally sent me a left signal, it took just shy of a month to correct the error. Please inspect the signals before installing to save yourself the headache of having to reinstall the oem signals.
These do work, but only barely. The two pieces don't line up and remain securely assembled at all. They did include a new key blank which was a nice and unexpected bonus but haven't had the need to have them cut so can't say if they're usable or not.
They are too short in the corners. When I crack open a window, the corners are exposed.
These work well while they work. I unplugged a cable yesterday and the face of this thing came off, and took off the USB ports with it. Second time its happened. Ill look for something of higher quality. i dont want to keep pulling my dash apart every 3 months to change these out.
What i liked the most was the price of the pair. What I liked the least was only one of the Led pods work. The one that works is great!
Should have come with the actual LED bulbs. Why sell a kit and NOT include the bulbs?
It broke when I was trying to install it.
The fit and finish are top notch. At first the sound was just what I was looking for, smooth but powerful under acceleration. After 6 months of driving, it sounds like I have no muffler at all.
Didn't work waste of time and money
Filter was a very tight fit. Have difficulty removing it. Air filter cover did not fit properly and was difficult to close.
I thought it was a whole grill not thin strips of shiny plastic....kind of disappointed
Not bright enough in my projector lenses
This steering wheel cover is for a vehicle with automatic transmission.
Cheaply made. Doesn't fit well to fairing. Sits to high. Leaves huge space. Not OEM.
I bought this product under recommendation to fix the Hyper-Flash when installing LED tail light bulbs. Unfortunately it didn't do a thing.
I WAS LOOKING FOR A COVER THAT WAS CUSHIONED ENOUGH SO I DON'T FEEL THE HARD STEERING WHEEL BELOW. BASED ON THE REVIEWS I THOUGHT I FOUND THE PERFECT COVER. BUT, THAT WAS NOT THE CASE. IN ADDITION, IT WAS DIFFICULT TO PUT ON AND ONCE ON I COULD NOT CENTER IT. BECAUSE OF THE MATERIAL USED, ON A HOT HUMID DAY, IT FEELS STICKY. I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED. HOWEVER, IF I DON'T GRIP THE WHEEL TOO TIGHTLY, IT SHOULD BE TOLERABLE. I WILL NOT BE RETURNING THE COVER, BUT WHEN I AM READY TO REPLACE IT, I WILL BE SHOPPING AT A BRICK AND MOTAR STORE SO I CAN EXAMINE IT BEFORE PURCHASE.
The advertisements states it provides great reception. Unfortunately it cannot even get local channel reception without a lot of static. Although it was easy to install the statement â€œYou get what you paid forâ€. Definitely applies to this item. I would NOT buy this antenna again
Materials were received with most of the containers leaking with the windshield fluid. Will just go to the store next time.
Item is not marked as deep blue, not happy with the color, returned immediately.
I love the picture used but it wouldn't stick!!
I should have looked more at the reviews. The first time I used the connection it leaked bad at the male connection between the hose and connection, where it didn't leak before on my other connections. I believe the connection either needs to be wider in diameter or longer from lip to lug.
This does not do the job for me. You cannot pull down your car visor if the sun is too bright. It creates a hazard if you try. not something I will use. day visor .. night visor not that great.
Blows off my Jeep's winch when going at highways speed. Otherwise I wanted this to work well.
Sewing on the straps and buckle was not done good at all, all three have came apart. The straps came undone before I was even able to put it in the car!! Not to happy with this product!
Light output seems much less than similar bulbs used in the same place. They did fit correctly in the socket for our 2008 Toyota Camry.
Not happy with hose. Received hose with four kinks. Been dealing with it. The smaller 10' hose was much worse. Don't like this product.
They seem well contructed but wiil not fit Abarth.
Received to refurbed units. Came with dead batteries. Installed new batteries and they still did not work.
Like the design! I don't like that they turned pink in about 2 weeks! I plan on contacting amazon so I can send them back!
My son said that it was a waste of his money.
These are no brighter than the original incandescent lights. I would not recommend this product to anyone looking for a brighter, safer light.
not very good for driving on unlit roads
Didn't stick as expected
Lasted 2 years exactly - now dealing with having to once again yank out and reinstall a new radiator. The OEM product lasted 11 years. FRUSTRATED.
Didn't jump the first car I tried to jump
Bosch makes great blades and other item. This item was listed on Amazon as fitting the rear of 2006 Jeep Liberty but it does not fit. I waited too long to try putting it on and now its too late to return it.
Great idea but too large for advertised cup holders.
These mats are very flimsy and don't stay in place in the car. The rubber is very weak and difficult to work with. If you are not annoyed by these facts then the mats will serve you well. The intention was good I'm sure but they don't live up to the description. Was a disappointing Christmas gift to my son-in-law.
Be sure to verify that your VIN is compatible.
This seat cover looks good but easy hard to install; poor instruction and the fasteners around the head piece broke off. Had to throw it out. Waste of my money.
Was immediately obvious it wouldn't fit my â€˜17 Ram but after reading reviews was determined to try by heating it up, using two people and tools to leverage the cover on. Eventually ripped on of the seems and ripped the leather in another spot by applying so much pressure. With the extra inch afforded by the tears we were able to barely get it on the wheel after over and hour of struggle. Luckily rips were on the back side of the cover and aren't visible. Wouldnt buy it again
sockets were not same as OE and were very loose allowing bulbs to fall out, had to make spacers to keep bulbs in tight. After finding material of the proper thickness and spending an extra 30 minutes cutting and fitting finally got all bulbs to stay in the assembly.
Honestly wasn't really happy. I bought these before because snow and ice wasn't supposed to freeze to them. This set apparently everything froze to them.
Shipping took multiple days later than expected, it arrived with a notice saying the product may be damaged and had a giant slash down the center of the tint. Was unable to use this large portion of the tint and had to remove from the rest. The dimensions of the sheet of tint was just enough for 2 large taillights, unfortunately not enough after shipping damage. However not all is negative. What was able to be salvaged, the tint looks great when applied to the vehicle's taillights! If not damaged I would highly recommend.
The product was a beautiful dark black and looked great. Bought one brand and ran out, so ordered this one to finish the job. Easy to put on. However. The color began to fade after just 3 or 4 rides.
It was not that easy to install it. I have seen a lot better one. I was expecting to better quality.
Nice sturdy product but reception is bad. Reception disappears in certain areas, most likely due to hills or land areas that are blocked by buildings or land masses... ok product!
Lenses seem pretty good, but the frame is made out of cheap plastic like cheap toys and it is unfinished. So it's like a cheap replica of some kind, not like a real product. This one also hurts your nose because the edge on your face is sharp and the cushioning is a bad joke. So basically this is also unusable without modification. The lenses seem like the only decent thing.
Its nice in theory,I fallowed all directions, even shock can extra long. The paint seems to be good stuff but delivery out of the can is not great. The can dose not hold very much paint and the spray pattern is very wide. The plastic nozzle clogs and spits randomly. I tried not using the whole can in case it was from the can running out of paint. This didn't help, only way to smooth is to lay on real thick, but dose not help with spitting. I have not cleared yet, but I imagine there will be lots of wet sanding. The are expensive and don't contain a lot of paint. My recommendation is just buy a quart and spray it with a real gun, would have saved time in the end.
Scratched but box was damaged upon delivery. Not sure but I won't install looking like they do
l bought these taillights February 2017 and they worked well for a while, but it hasn't even been a year and the leds have already burned out. Sometimes 2 bars show up and sometimes it's only 1. The right side has one flickering in the middle. I'm very disappointed because l loved the way they look but now I'll have to buy a whole new set.
2nd review. After having a shop put on this axle back kit, it became very apparent that they were not gonna line up no way and no how. The left side looked ok, only because the right side was so far out of alignment. The right side came out from underneath the car at an angle. Then innermost exhaust pipe on the right is about 2" off, turning inward. It is not pretty for somebody as picky as me. I just want things right. I thought that is what I was paying for but evidently not. The bad part, the shop had to cut my old system out, so there is no going back. The only plus side is they really sound good, and hp increase was very noticeable.
Blew out the fuse from the cigarette lighter
leaked in the first month of using them
Not a great antenna, doesn't pick up any station with out some degree of static. Was easy to hook up but the accessory wire didn't seem to make any difference. I installed the antenna on a single den Polk audio marine grade radio.
Was very roughly finished and the adhesive was weak. Should have been finished better
I suppose this product is decent for the money, but beware the mirrors stand basically straight up, not angled outwards. If you look at their stock photo with the Motorcycle, Atv and scooter fitted with the mirrors, they will sit as they do on the scooter. I considered bending them out, but not worth it. Will be returning.
Made of paper like feeling. Colors are fading.
I had extremely high hopes for this product and sadly I was disappointed. It's not any better then any other air seat product out there for 1/2 the cost. I believe in buying quality products however this did not meet my expectations. I bought this then went on a 2000+ mile trip and it was taken off my bike after the 2nd day. The only reason it stayed on for 2 days was because I seriously wanted it to work. I used this on my 2013 Harley Fat Boy Lo and in my opinion it made an Okay seat even worse. Now I will say the straps make it stay located on the seat properly and it does stay in position for a long period of time.
Returned, was louder then the one I was replacing. Reinstalled the one that came with the truck and returned the new one.
Worked great for 33 days :/
Looked good while it was on. Maybe lasted a week after installation. Installed as directed. May try the pro next time
only used it once, then it didn t even charge
This unit is only good to ensure proper wiring.
Used this product to hold iPhone, Mac, and other cords....cords did not stick. Stuck well to nightstand but cords slipped off.
The polishing and the finishing pads have held up nicely so far, but the Orange cutting pad completely fell apart pretty quickly. It began to tear away from the velcro backing after doing only 1 car. By the 3rd time I used it, it completely separated mid-use and flew off leaving a nice mess of splattered polish for me to clean off of floor/ exterior plastic parts/ surrounding garage items, etc.
I would have thought these would have held their chrome shine longer. Rusting out all over.
I took some light food particles like would be typical to escape down the drain to the gray tank and did a test in a clear glass to see how effective this product is. After 2 hours, NOTHING was broken down. We were beginning to get smell from blk tank as well. Buyer beware.
Came in within a couple of days, looked good. I let it set for a couple of days to try and get the lumps out from being in a box. Didn't work. Also tried putting stuff on it to make it flat. Didn't work. Ending up putting it on my car and it fell off at some point lol don't know where it is.
I could not find an alarm company to install the system
The mirrors fit great but they vibrate when going down the road . We glued them in place . Can't be adjusted but they work great now .
Install was easy enough. Made sure not to touch the bulb however the high beam side of one burned out after a month. Not sure how to get a hold of Cougar Motor.
First off, I have used these products with great results! Unfortunately, this package arrived with 2 bottles of EDT...no Diesel Extreme (which I always like to use a bottle of before winter). Again, the product is awesome...just a bad shipment.
It makes just a little better contact than the stock parts. But not much.
I should have read into this more...it's just stickers for lettering. Not engraved.(cheap could have done it myself) but I do like the bulletproof font.
I've been looking for a quality portable gas can for my boat and personal watercraft for years unfortunatly this is not it. Positive, it's a quality built gas can and the hose and other components seem to be good overall. The cons; the safety latch on the pump handle is very inconvenient, must be gravity fed making the can all but useless, the can have two large spots in the bottom that you cannot get the last gallon of fuel out of (old fuel in a gas can is a long-term issue. I purchased two and tried to return one that I had not used with no response from the seller through Amazon. My search continues.
I use this to lock my clutch back on my motorized bike when I'm starting it since I need to crack the throttle sometimes as well and don't have 3 hands. It does it's job well but it's anything but solid. Lasted about a week and a half of daily use before it cracked in half and had to be epoxied back together.
Worked for almost 2 months before beginning to fail. Good for a cheap quick fix but you're better off spending a little more and buying an OEM part that will actually last.
Purchased these 20 months ago and the struts are leaking. Warranty service agent said I had to pay extra for lifetime warranty. I asked if I could get a discount on a new set. I was told no but that they strive to have the lowest price. Found Munro struts with lifetime warranty from Advance Auto and for less. I will use Advance Auto going forward for quality, value and service.
You think they will be bigger and work better than they do but theu have a very small opening and mine was missing set screws
Thinner than I expected. They do not stay secured around the seat. I would not order them again
Worked great for about 7 months then started making noise.
My mechanic made it work because I needs them but the left headlight was broken in a place that couldn't be taken apart. Better QUALITY CONTROL will prevent broken products from being sold. First and last time I'll buy from them for my trucks.
Shipped fast, arrived on time, fell off the first time I had the truck washed. Gone forever.
Welding balls all along seam. Seal will leak if any lateral pressure is given to spout while fueling. Spout easily gets stuck in car and causes spill. Gasoline discolored black paint. Paint scratches really easy in holder
Looked cute for the most part, however, it comes on a cheap film that can still be seen when on my window. It's also already started to peel off after only having it on for less then a month. Wouldn't buy from this company again
didn't fit .. awkward attachment
I have a small problem Just put it on its the same but the intake hole on the carburator is to Small for my 250 intake neck can't use it
Very poor quality. There was Glue on the top of Clover. Clover is very easy to scratch. I do not recommend for this price.
They say they fit my car and although the front ones do the rear ones do not FIT not even close
This tool box set is very cheaply made. You get what you paid for. It's okay to keep in your apartment to hang pictures and put together cheap furniture. I will admit that the case is nice and compact. I would not purchase it again.
I've used Rain-X windshield products for years and I was really looking forward to try this product after seeing all the great reviews. Unfortunately it completely disappointed me as soon as I started using it on my hood because it leaves very obviously streak marks on my blue paint. It may be hard to see on the picture I posted but the right side (driver side) of my hood has streak marks all over. I was not happy at all since it took me 15 mins to get the product off (combination of waterless wash, quick detailed and car soap mixed with water). I'm not sure why no one had this issue, I'd imagine this problem will exist for darker color paint. For the first time ever I'm returning an auto detailing product.
This work but the problem is when you have to remove to fill air for the tire it's a big problem. In case of a emergency you would be screwed. I had to use a big wrench to remove a simple lock nut. Spend one hour try to remove these Sensors
I was super excited when I found these on here, but they were so disappointing :( They do not light up anywhere close to the color in the picture, at least not the "ice blue" ones....They're basically like a crystal white color. Not what I wanted, Not really what I ordered, Not happy.
In the description, it states it fits my car. I had to stretch the two front seats (which almost ripped cause the fabrics is so thin) and the back seat was completely off. My head rest is built in to the seat and the seat covers is for the seat itself only no head rest. Also, no opening for middle seatbelt. You would have to cut the fabric and pull it out
They don't really come with a lot of instruction. A lot of extra parts (or so I think due to little to no instruction). They don't really stay in place when driving. But hey, it's enough to keep the cops from giving me a ticket.
One remote programmed perfectly. The other is dead. There's no option to contact the company, or I would have been happy to work with them. I'm only given the option to return both remotes for a refund or for them to ship new ones once I return the items. That's too much of a pain in the butt.
Poor Quality - The plates came with missing screws and caps
This product is not for all vehicles..I have a medium sized SUV and can't use it between the front row seat as a barrier.
Poor quality hose. It is already cracking. Spend a little more and get a kit with hose that will last.
Terrible product. Didn't work for me at all and too cheap to send back. Don't waste your money.
I wanted to keep my phone and ipod in the motorcycle trunk where they could stay charged up. This unit will not pick up either one in the trunk, it constantly skips. It works great with my device in the driver backrest pouch my wife uses or on the dash but not in the trunk (tried two phones and an ipod). This thing needs a stronger signal, I would not recommend unless you plan on keeping your device close to the dash.
They didn't hold on to the tire well and we lost 2 within a week.
Went to install it on my roof and it literally ripped in half when stretching it. Gave it two stars because I was able to use some the pieces on other stuff. Still sucks that I wasn't able to use it for what I bought it for.
Did not fit a 2018 Grom. Returned.
This is the second order for this vehicle. I just order this product on August 14. We installed it within a week we received it. The product cracked at the top within an hour. The vehicle is down again and we are out of $$. We will not reopen this again.
We designed as far as how it opens and closes. Product needs clamps or clips to ensure that it stays up. I have to unfold my sun visors to stop it from falling down which makes it completely ineffective
the 2 front wheels they are bent and the bearings came out the first day after installation. they are blocked and do not rotate. I would like for you to send me some new wheels.
Got this product a month ago just want to prepare for NYC snow day,haven't get snow yet,finally try it on my husband â€˜s big Honda Pilot,the material kind cheep and after put on it doesn't looks like what I saw pictures on web,but still fit most part of front windshield:(
It worked for 10 months, but it only had to start my machine for 2 of those months. Buy this if you'd like your machine to start for a few months, not long term
Would not cover entire window. Large gap at bottom. Not as large as advertised.
Ripped at the top seam after a few weeks.
I installed these lights in my '08 Silverado in November 2018. Within 6 months they are falling out and no longer stay in the mounting grommets.
At first look these knobs look great. The fit is so tight it cracked the casing and broke when I installed one on the vent control. I would suggest buy OEM parts.
Completely not worth it, I read the comments prior to buying and i did see a couple of negative feedback, but i tried it myself and boy they were right...
Mats did not match. Very Disappointed.
input my vehicle model year and all needed info and still receive wrong parts it did not fit too small !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ok why did it ask if I had stow and go seating. This thing blocks it completely. Also can't slide seats at all forward of back. However does line floor quite well and much easier to clean. But too much $ for the quality. It's worth about half that I'd say
Mirror installed easily on my 2000 Chevy Tahoe, however, the image is wavy and distorted. Also the plastic bezel housing does not fold over end of mirror edge like original. I gave it two stars for ease of install, otherwise it would have been one star because the distorted image hurts my eyes and I'm going to have to now replace my new mirror with another.
They get the job done but are very squeaky which is super annoying. Will not order again
Very unhappy, no spare batteries, plus the lock came with the bolt down - armed - was going on as I unwrapped it and I'm sure it was going off all the way in transit to me. The alarm volume is really weak. I'm not at all happy and will seek recourse tomorrow with Amazon.
Do NOT use the bolts that are sent with this assembly!!!!!!!!!!! The bolts are not the same thread pitch. The washers were not a hit as well. We went to the hardware store and bought stainless steel hex bolts ( correct thread pitch ) and we added stainless steel flat washers and it seemed to have been a much better look for our Jeep!
it was the wrong size
I have bought 303 before and the product itself works great but this one came delivered and the solution leaked everywhere and I didn't even get to use it. It's too bad it wasn't packaged better but I wasted my money
These don't work well for desert riding, but my grandchildren loved them so we kept them for them.
weak magnets, falls off the vice every time vice is loosened
These will not fit chevy 2.0 liter motors. Great company to work with. But wrong information on Amazon.
Worked great right out of the box. Works better than the OEM. The auto driver window actually works going down and up!!!! From what I read this was not originally suppose to happen. Downgraded rating because 13 mos after purchase having to replace. It was great while it lasted
Seatbelt works fine but I had a continuing service flight on SW and I left it on the seat while using the restroom. The flight attendant confiscated it saying it was not compliant with the airline. I was only able to use it for one flight.
Water got in to case and ruined product. Obviously not air and water tight.
It only wipes the bottom half of the window and the plastic arm is loose and easily comes off, the wiper is not attached securely and may fall off any time, spend more and get better than this one
I purchased this vacuum because of the bag and the light. Those are great! But, the hose is flimsy and ill-fitting. It seems cheap. The suction is ok but nothing to write home about. I was expecting more power but it really is minimal suction and it did clean things up but had to go over them 3-4 times.
This mount worked out great, for just under a year. The magnetic block snapped off the part that fits inside the CD player right at the ball joint where you can adjust the angle. It wasn't abused or beat on in any way, just a year of normal use. Loved it while it lasted, but not the most durable piece of equipment.
This vent cover arrived quickly but bunch screws thrown in a ziplock bag for mounting and a big patch spot on inside of cover looks used and abused. First product I have had a problem with
Bulbs both went out within a week, replacement bulbs I purchased are fine. ( 8 mouths) both outside lenses hav crackers in them. Don't recomend ( you get what you pay for )
I put these on my wife's car. A month later, they were chattering on the windshield and leaving black marks. The wife said she would use them when it was raining very heavy out, then she would have to stop to put them back on. These were installed on a Ford that uses the J-hooks. The OEM blades stay on with no issue, but these just will not stay in place. They did great, were tight, and wiped well for the first few weeks. After a month of solid use in the rain here in Florida, they were worse than the OEM ones that were almost 2 years old. I won't buy these ever again.
There's maybe a 4ft range on this remote and even worse I can't get either remote to unlock the driver's door it'll lock the driver's door and all the other doors but it will only unlock the passenger doors and this is on both of the remotes I don't even know who to call to fix the problem ðŸ˜–
First, this product did not fit my 2004 Honda CRV, as advertised, without cutting off the tow hook, a task I couldn't have completed if I was trying to install this at home. Secondly, the day after installation we loaded a bike rack and a single bike onto the hitch, only for the back driver side bolt to immediately shear off. When I contacted the company, they were polite but unable to answer my question about the size or grade of the bolt. We ended up going to Uhaul who generously gave us some of the extra carriage bolts and accompanying rectangular plates. All of those bolts were at least a grade five. The bolts in this package are not labeled with markings to suggest what grade they are. I ended up asking the Pep Boys crew who installed to replace all the bolts, and in addition to the one sheared bolt, there was etching along the others, suggesting that they too were weakening. While my situation is now under control, this hitch caused quite a few extra headaches, and I would be wary about trusting that it fits the vehicles it claims to fit and that the quality is sufficient to hold even a minor load.
Fill with water when it rains. Inside is foggy after 1 month
I used this during the Polar Vortex and had to use it differently than described in the flyer as it was extremely tight. I will look for a ski mask next winter which will be more useful.
The clip is VERY cheap. It broke when I tried to open it to fit on my visor.
Haven't been able to program it, instructions are vague not to mention it came with no instructions in the package...
I ordered gray color and the company sent me a tan color which does not match. I never contacted anyone because of the lack of time i have. They way it is installed is pretty simple I will give them that.
Wow it is really small. Not what I expected.
For what they are, guess they're OK. Smaller than I thought. Really have to aim the tire just right to hit it. One of the two I ordered didn't have any peel and stick stuff on it at all. You'd think it wouldn't be all that hard to quality check before shipping it out.
Software Didnt work.
Super dim, even my fog lights are brighter. I guess it's true when they say you get what you pay for
Product looks nice, has decent light output, but after driving in the rain once, the light has moisture collecting inside the light. Water has yet to affect performance.
Its a nice material but the clip to hold the keys broke 2 weeks after I got it.
Very small and one wheel would not tighten up. Would not buy again.
The small rod that is snapped in place to mount was too small in thickness to use the wiper arm....so I stripped them of the wiper blades and mounted the rubber to my existing arm. Does not fit 2004 volvo xc70
It broke ass soon as I tried to use it
I use it every day in my patrol car, unfortunately it started ripping stitches on the first day. It's a bit long for a car seat so it actually hangs the top portion of the bag while the bottom fold sits on the actual seat. Not what I was hoping for but not a horrible product
It would be 5 star if the magnets could hold bits....
If the battery is not charged you can't use it because the charging cable to the cigarette outlets is too short also if you charge it & leave it for a week or so it looses the charge
Bought this in July, 2017. It worked well and I love keeping the sun out before it gets through the windshield. My only problem with this item is that the sunshine deteriorated the silver fabric, causing it to flake off in particles which get all over the interior of my vehicle, on my clothing etc. whenever I put it away. I'm going to try a different brand.
I have mixed feelings about this product. Love the quick connect....but....have discovered that after time the actual pins that make contact to one another tend to work themselves loose. I've had this product for many years and this is the only flaw I see. Understand I own a golf cart transportation service and use them a lot.
Seems like plain old contact cement to me. Find it hard to believe it would hold up used in an engine but it could be me...
The unit worked for about a week and while it was working, it was great. Unfortunately it quit and makes a huge spark when you plug it in.
Does not spread the gel easy. Makes mess.
You can set the nozzle to a very fine mist. However, it also sprays large drops at the same time, which can be an issue in certain situations. 1 of the 3 already became brittle and cracked, so it no longer held pressure or sprayed. Another one seems to be losing pressure. Liquid tends to drain out of the tube, so if you walk away and come back, you need to pump a few times to re-pressurize them and get liquid back into the nozzle. Would I buy this again? No.
Zero stars for removing old o2 sensor. If your old sensor is very hard to remove like most of them are, this will not do the job. The socket wall is significantly weakened due to the open slot in the side and spreads apart when sufficient torque is applied causing the socket to slip. This socket is only good for installing the new o2 sensor.
It does the job, but very flimsy and sags in the window. Doesn't hold up through the day. Spend more money, get one that is firmer.
Box came crushed, and the gasket was missing
Smells great, nice color, but DOES NOT clean!!! I repeat, DOES NOT clean!!! ...I can soap down and wash my black truck for 30 minutes with my pressure washer and this soap will not remove the road film/dirt from my truck! Look for a better product!!
Soft leather that does not hold shape unless stuffed. Inadequate Mounting system is 2 nylon straps with D rings. Does not look good on the bike.
Product had several blemishes and gouges.
Waste of money doesn't really work I was embarrassed in front of a client using this product
Lights were bright the fan was noisey and here it is 4 months later one is now out
Comes with out an exhaust gasket
Looks great on my Jeep. It isn't as sturdy as I was hoping for. The brackets should be beefed up a little. I had it professionally installed as well.
Very hard to grip anything with this.
Fragile plastic. Domestic has more durable ones.
a light burned after 5 months of use
The remote worked great and the headphones worked but after one day the foam on the headphones crumbled and fell off.
Cheap and easy to install. Sound quality was surprisingly good. But out of nowhere it just stopped working after a couple months.
Need to be washed hot several times to get rid of the bleeding dye. They shrink a lot after washing. I would prefer larger rags.
Probably my misunderstanding or my fault but I can't use it I have a white car I assumed when I looked at it by the ribbon I got for supporting breast cancer that it was the same black on white not white on white anyways I can't use it if you have a black car you can use it it probably be nice if they put in the description for use on a white car or a black window.
Only worked for a couple of months not sure if there is a warranty
could not see well out of the passenger side with the 1/2 door on. Took them off till i find another pair that works.
After 1 month of use the top doesn't stay on because the small tabs inside the cylinder broke. Loved this ashtray before but it seems like they opted for cost reduction rather than durability. Will not buy again.
Parts appear to be good quality but they failed to include both brake drums. Still waiting to hear back from them as to how they plan to resolve the issue. Update: after over 3 weeks from placing original order the missing part has been received.
Did not work after 3month
it doesn't stick really well and doesn't cover the entire window.
This light when plugged in it started to smoke inside and it is hard to take out . As if the bulb is about to come out . It looks nice it's also bright , but there is no manual on how to install the side wires , not any â€œhow to â€œ in to installing the 4 loose wires. I just didn't like how it started to smoke inside of them .
The charger worked but the connection to the port was loose and it kept falling out of place.
Nowhere in the product description does it state that this is a locking type air chuck. This chuck is great for large air volume tires or high pressure tires. However, it can be difficult to quickly disconnect the chuck from the tire valve. Being able to quickly disconnect is critical when adding air to very small tires, such as wheelbarrow or sub-compact tractor tires. A delayed disconnect on those tires can result in significant over-inflation or even tire explosion. I already possessed a Milton locking air chuck, and I believed I was ordering one that did not have ridges in the foot that locks the chuck to the valve threads. Milton products are top notch, but the missing information in the product description identifying it as a locking air chuck is a serious oversight.
I emailed the company with no response through Amazon the first time I used it it broke may have been some of my fault but I would like to buy some parts for this tool hopefully this will maybe get somebody to give me a response
Basic manual. Did not provided specific detail I was looking for to remove front fender.
Somehow the search engine also showed parts that do not fit my Jeep. $140 order I didn't need & now have to buy again
2011 GMC 2500 HD, Did not provide any additional lift over factory keys.
Recieved the blades today. There was no instructions whatsover and they don't install like any blade I have seen. Think I finally figured it out after about an hour and some help from my neighbor. I presume the blades will hold up if they don't fall off.
We purchased this for our Coleman pop up camper in 2014. It fit well and we were originally happy with it, however after two years I noticed a random rip in the front section. Soon after that the material literally started ripping randomly. By year 3, the ripping was much worst; the material was so delicate it could literally be ripped like a paper towel. We have a lot of rain and some snow here in the pacific northwest but that is what this cover should be designed for. For the price I expected the cover to last at least 5 years without any major issues.
Not nearly as bright as expected, really thin cheap wiring used in it, and not sure what the brackets that come with it aren't meant to mount to, but did not work on anything I tried to install on. Their customer service did contact me, I shared my concerns and that I had to spend over $20 just to fix things so they would work properly..... they issued a $20 credit.... that covered what I had to do on 2 out of the 5 lights. It is what it is but I will never purchase from them again!
Why is it that the charger is USB C to long to charge. Why can it have a regular 5v charger. It looks well built but disappointed about USB charger especially I paid $100.00 dollars. I am contemplating returning it. Hope to hear from seller soon.
Really Cheap plastic. Very poorly quality.
Headlights are bright, but segments of the halos started flickering in different colors after about a month. Also, the halos never really showed as white, more of a blue tint. Will be contacting seller, since return window closed a week ago.
Received this tote timely. But upon unboxing found the product was broken coming right out of the box.on wheel had fell off and the hose compartment cover was broken off.one of the selling points of the tote was that it was fully assembled and ready to use right out of the box.smh. apparently not. Messaged seller and got response I could file warranty claim to thetford. Warranty claim before even using this is ridiculous, why not send replacement part.besides after looking at the compartment cover it's no wonder,it brok. It is so cheaply made. So I took it upon myself to replace the cheap plastic hinge with a more suitable attachment. Needless to say it is now far better than from manufacturer.what a shame I had to repair the product straight out of the box.
I reviewed this product recently. Overall it is not too bad but after owning it for a few months I need to revise my review. 1) The powder coat is starting to come off slightly on the brackets that bolt the rack to the vehicle in the rear. 2) The rack rattled until I took apart the brackets and added a thin layer of self adhesive neoprene where it comes in contact with the vehicle. 3) The passenger front door leaks in the rain now as a result of their bracket, I need to keep a towel on the floor to protect the floor. I live in the Seattle area so this is a big deal. 4) Their support is sort of incompetent. They sent me the wrong parts twice. Considering they have my order number and as such know the model they are sending parts for, and they had photographs (which they requested) I cannot see how someone could get it wrong. Twice. The actually required me to send them a photo of the wrong parts they sent.
They look nice but heat shield on drivers side so close to plug wires it melts them
The drip pad would be nice if Amazon would pack it better... I already returned the first order since was bent to hell. Received a replacement today from UPS and it is almost as bad as the first order I returned. Sad packing and shipping. Shame on you!
Did not get the one I wanted but it's pretty.
The good: this device did decrease the dents, but not by much. It is also easy to use. The bad: the hand tightening nut stripped after 10 uses. The glue removal is difficult and requires a lot of force to remove. If you have any scratches the paint will get pulled off with the glue.
Not worth the money; two charges to my iphone 8 and the unit is drained. Unit needs constant topping off. Do not rely on the unit in an emergency. Product is not reliable.
Handle fit ok. Bezel was not included in package. Had to order separately. Not sure if this was a packaging issue or advertised wrong
The surface finish is very different from the OEM handle. OEM is matte but smooth. This handle is high gloss. If you're willing to deviate from OEM, however, it's a good deal.
What do you expect for the price. I have a 2 door so I'm happy I have a back-up pair because they feel like they will rip off with one good yank. One of the pair I installed started to unravel. You get what you pay for.
Didnt work for my 01 suburban you need the one beginning with 157
This feels like a real cheaply made item that you could buy at the dollar store. Not worth $17 in my eyes. I overlooked that it requires 2 D-sized batteries and not some double or triple As. I'm sure it will do its job in my fridge but I'd look for another option if I were you.
I recently got my license and wear glasses so I figured a larger mirror would do no harm. Wrong. This mirror gave me a headache while driving. My dad drove with it as well and said the exact same thing. It makes everything look smaller in and out of the car. I don't think it expands your view too much for it to be considered valuable. You're better off keeping your standard mirror. I'll be returning this item.
It looked amazing unfortunately it broke 3 days laters
ordered these for my daughters Saturn Vue as the original were creaking while hitting road bumps, mechanic installed and when i finally got my vehicle from the shop the creaking was worse, unfortunately when i got the car back from the mechanic it was past the 30 days to return, i did email the seller and the wanted to discuss possibly replacing them however i just had my mechanic replace with different quality parts and the noise went away. the ride of these was nice and the quality seemed good they just didn't fix my issue. i have purchased other items from this seller an didn't have issues with them and the seller was responsive, which is why i gave 2 stars
Not working well on this car. Seatbelt may be too thick? It won't slide and one broke.
I had liked the while idea as an over the road truck driver that in case of emergencies I can use it. But first initial use of filling up the holding tank, it would leak where the flushing pump is. Complete pissed me off! So, I am trying to fix it myself. That putty that they use doesn't make a complete seal to keep water in. I removed the putty the best that I could and put clear silicone in place if it. Now I will find out if it does not leak.
Mounts seem to be a good decent quality, but mounting threads strip out before they are secure enough not to rotate(even with the proper rubber insert, and 2 sided adhesive foam tape provided). I would suggest a mounting hardware design change with bolts/nuts instead of relying on short Allen key machine screws threaded into a soft medium.
Did not fit the hubby's 2003 Chevy Avalanche. Sent it back.
Comfortable to lay on, light to carry. But it does NOT do what it says. "Collect excess water away from your body, allowing you to dry off quicker"...not even close. It's not breathable, and you will sweat on it. And the tag reads that this is not washable, so each time you use it and you sweat, it will just store it. Don't purchase!
The funnel is malleable and sturdy. However, it is very limited in mobility and placement. It is not easy to use as a funnel since it is hard to mold a hole to fit a small hole. This will lead to poor flow of oil into the container.
You will be disappointed.
I will be using the heater in a camper van the fuel hose is too small a diameter to fit over the fuel pump. I can buy the right size but why do I have to? the instructions are difficult to understand the fuel tank doesn't have a fuel line fitting installed. a tricky procedure is needed to remedy. the inlet & exhaust pipes are short. the exhaust pipe needs to be longer so that the gases leaving the pipe are far away from the doors and windows I requested a return, the seller asked for photos (which I sent) but I haven't gotten a reply yet.
Given the simple design of the product I was not impressed by the fit. It is too short in one dimension and too wide in another. The result is a poor fit that doesn't compliment the overall look of the vehicle. If you are particular about such things, you probably wont be very happy with this product.
Too late to send back. The material is like a spongy foam, very cheap. When you watch the video to put these on, you have to remove the back seat. Too much of a pain. I put it in the alley for someone to take.
Didn't come with any of the Installation hardware has a pin hole in the return outlet...making this puke tank useless
Only problem i have with them is that after a couple of months they started to sag a bit I pulled them apart to see if it i could fix it but you mount it into plastic and its not strong enough to hold it over time. They are nice and bring though
Good quality, quick shipping, but only 3 of 4 bolt holes lined up.
I have had these on for 1 year. They work fine but they didn't use stainless screws and they are rusting.
Too tall for my 2008, Scion XB and I have to fold the bottom about 2" to make it fit. The suction cups have seem to given up and refuse to suck to the windshield after a month -could just be the southern heat though...
Does not fit right on my car but it works
Product did not work. Plug it in an nothing happens. I bought this for my son as a Christmas gift. His car was in the shop for an extended period of time. Once he got it back he was excited to put this in his car. As I said, nothing happened, no air, no heat. My husband and I are both engineers so we tried all the setting, in all of our cars and nothing ever worked. The product claims has a one year warranty. I wrote to the company to request a replacement. I have received a response and will try to exchange it. Seems like a simple product and it should have easily worked.
Item came well packaged But had paint chips on the finish Like someone dropped it and packed it anyways
I ordered and installed these coils in October last year. It's now January and I had a coil go bad. Worked great for a couple of months but now I need to replace them again.
Broke within 2 weeks. Unclear if its my truck or not, but I bought a new one at autozone and its been holding up just fine.
One blade out of two leaves streaks on my window. Doesn't remove dead bugs easily.
The layout/design is good. Quality, however is another matter. I have had it carefully stored, never over stuffed it - but outer fabric has totally ripped away from the zipper.
Way smaller than I expected and the emblem doesn't show as well as the picture does fair warning
If your looking for a cheep r/t black license plate then this is ur best bet, all they did was put a red r/t sticker on a black plate!
couldn't bolt it to my battery, still looking for a shorter battery bolt
After a month my car started doing the same old noise as the old struts I replaced
I ordered 3 inch front 2 inch back. Measured leveling blocks for front only 1.5 inches and lift blocks for back are 3 inches??
Purchased headlights for my 08 Dodge pickup 10 months ago. Left headlight now has moisture on the inside of fixture.
It was to small for my bumper I have 2015 Ford Explorer
Design wise very compact. However, when started filling air in one tire, it started fuming in just after couple of minutes. Quality is poor. Used as a vacuum cleaner, worked great. Now after multiple use, it died in less than a 1.5 years. I would not recommend this. For this price, there are better compressor in market with feature of auto shutoff when the desired air pressure is reached.
Though the proper size, the edge of this filter is soft and thinner than the OEM and I could not easily get it to lie flat and stay even around the edge of the case while trying to snap the air filter cover back on. I'll guess you could do it with enough time and effort.
The price is what got me to buy the product and the description seemed great. When I received product I was excited to put them. Plug and play as described! Plug them in and intially I was on the fence because they looked nice in but as far as per output and visibility it wasn't as bright as my stock halogen bulbs. Gave it couple days to decide to keep them until one.of the bulbs stopped working. Went and switched the good one to the blown side. Still didn't work...long story short ended up taking it to the Nissan dealership where I have my warranty and come to find out that my bulbs were blown and i blown a fuse on top of that. They had to replace the fuse...no charge but i ended up spending $60 on new bulbs. Wasn't to happy about the whole situation
Install was easy but going down the road they shake so bad its hard to see anything behind you. Can't recommend these. Will be sending them back when i get back from my trip.
So sad. These started rusting and flaking almost immediately.
I had no luck with the valves under pressure or low pressure, they won't pull anywhere near a vacuum. The other couplers work fine no issues with that. Spend the same $$ on good valves and 45's
Lost color VERY Fast and now is faded and junk. Will be replacing after only 6 months
Battery works in the power wheels but doesn't last long at all only about 5 minutes of run time despite fully charging for 24 hrs
They are cheap enough that's for sure. With that being said you get what you pay for. It works, but you have to press the buttons hard and they don't last. But it's easier buying these cheap models every now and then then it is paying $50 for 1.
Bought these for my g37. Packaging is really nice but one of the bulbs didn't work when installing. Plus the 8000k wasn't brighter than the stock.
Again, amazon does a great job with shipping and such but 2 stars for the company making these. It's pretty important to not have air leaks around your o2 sensor. One of these bungs came threaded crooked.
One of the units had very loose thread tolerances and I was able to pull the screw in and out with little holding it. Forcing me to buy another set because I can't wait for a return.
They are ok the corner bowl up and it's not 100% fit. I am not sure if I will return them yet. The AutoZone one for $30 seem to look better. 2005 F-350 crew cab.
These towels clean well and have nice silky edges. After 1 cycle in a washer, they have already started to unravel at the those silky edges and have torn there. I have not been rough on them in any way, they are cheaply constructed and I will not buy again.
For starters...though not specified in the ad the rear mats to this set will NOT FIT a 4DR Wrangler. They are way too small. Perhaps they are made for a 2DR but I don't have a 2DR to tests that. The front mats will work marginally but the anchor points do not line-up with the factory hooks in the floorboard. And they aren't heavy enough to remain in place on their own or dimpled in the back enough to provide carpet anchoring. I see myself in a constant fight repositioning them under my feet. I'll be returning these.
Only one bulb work when I installed it. I did confirm that it was the bulb and not my vehicle that was the problem. I just purchased a second set being that it's so cheap. Guess I got what I paid for.
There are 4 caps to each 1 order. The description was NOT clear about that.
Arrived damaged. Whoever boxed this up for shipping decided to put it in a box that was to small and shoved it in to make it for. It was opened and cracked. Very disappointed. Return it and hopefully the new one will be in better condition when it arrives. I hope giving them chance to ship 1 more doesnt turn out like the first time
Fits my Honda Civic 2016 EX-T 1.5L Turbo, but this isn't as thick as the OEM oil crusher.
The bolt broke on one of them
They are too small and the wide angle makes cars seems like they are waaaay further back than they are. Disappointed.
The smell is horrific once in the tank.
The idea is great and if you just need storage then this will work for you. If you have a kiddo who may rest their feet on them occasionally and kick occasionally, then it may not be the best buy. My three year old is not super aggressive with it, but it lasted a month before the straps broke. It was very disappointing.
Loved how it looked but it cracked and fell off after only a few months.
I got this to wear when I ride my motorcycle due to the fact I'm still a begginer and to protect my knees if I was to fall however after one use they fell apart on me when I went to put them on for the second time I guess for the price they are terrible but I wish they were a bit more durable
I actually bought it for my old car and i thought its gonna be a flashing white light. But light was kind of yellow and didnt know why
I installed this on a relay so that it flashes when the ignition is off. It's been in my car for about a month and it's already flashing intermittently and also it stops flashing for a while, then stays on solid for a while, then back to flashing. Anyone know of a higher quality blinking led?
The adhesive on the back is not good quality. Has fallen off the back of my tv often and it's brand new.
Bought these after the original ones in my car went. They came quick and were easy to install and worked even better than the ones originally in my car.....for a few months. Bought them in October and the broke mid January. Of course there's no possible return/refund or warranty. Was a happy customer, not anymore.
Kind of disappointed !!
wire broke off on inside
Noisy and skips right out of the box when driving... Replaced with another brand that works great
bought this and adhesion spray too. followed instructions carefully. bed liner peeling off.
As others have said its not the one pictured and its very loose fitting overall. I'm giving it a few days but I may still return it.
Leaks enough to make long jobs really annoying. But if you need it for something quick then you'll be okay. If you can find a way to leak-proof this it'll be a good investment. If not, trade up son.
I am having major issues with the passenger side light flickering all the time
2009 JK Wrangler, installed these to replace headlights. Manufacturing specs slightly off, the H13 side will not click into the OEM connector. Sleeve does not cover the wires completely. One headlight keeps going on/off since I've installed, even after using zipties + electrical tape to secure.
Decent product, but arrived broken.
Not at all what they advertise. They show the full handle and they only send half a handle. First pic is what they advertise and what was received is the second. Will reach out to seller but looks like everyone is getting the half bar.
Poorly fabricated. He this for a few days. Played with it. Put on the van. Had a kid on it. I was on it. I did even get half the suggested load rating. It doesn't look like the weld was even close to holding this together.
These would be OK in a pinch but the two gauges measured about a 3 psi difference.
This was absolutely not enough to even put air into our bicycles. We have it on the porch hoping someone will take it, as they did our powerfull one! Do not recommend.
The motor was difficult to mount in my travel trailer, fan blade would not stay on. Just disappointed in the product.
These do not last. One of the two did not work at all when I bought them October 2017. The other one had a short in it. I wrapped it in electrical tape where it worked but it recently stopped working. Lasted about a year and a half
Both mirrors don't come adjust to the mold of the truck
Not what I was expecting. All it is is a matte black decal placed over a plastic gloss black license plate. The decals started coming off as soon as I tightened the screws on it to secure it to the mount. Cheaply made and overrated!
The Bluetooth app kinda sucks it doesn't have any preset colors or modes it would be nice if I could hook it up with my color changing light bar other then that the lights are ok for the price I would expect a little more
My 2013 Toyota Tundra has a Built-In Bulb Adjusters from factory. That allows you to adjust the light from inside the cab. But this product doesn't have that option. I travel and pull trailers and this option is wanted. What is the return policy?
doesn't fit like I expected it to
These aren't finely machined and they rattle around like crazy making a good bit of noise.
Missing gems and very little bling
This replacement part is a lot more flimsy compared to the original from manufacturer. It was even rolled up when delivered.
I was unable to keep the unit mounted. Not worth purchasing
Update - Initially very impressed. Nine months later, one of two is dead.
Tore after not even 12 hours. Felt pretty tight going on so maybe it's too small for a Nissan 3500 cargo van? Either way it tore after not even 12 hours.
I needed covers to protect my seats when I go to beach...these match my car...cheap and will suit my need, but probably will not last long... I only put on front seats and did not use headrest covers...no way was I going to figure how to get them on the back seat and still use the armrest. Steering wheel cover is good to keep my leather safe from sun damage for 2 weeks... All will probably come off when I get back.
You have to leave out the sliding shelf if you want this. No thank you, nice looking though and easy returns.
My package is missing the pin that's supposed to connect to the adapter. It's also missing the zip ties.
Thin and cheap feeling. We live in Florida and bought it for my hubby for his motorcycle to A. Keep his beard down and B. keep bugs out of his mouth. The fabric stretches and the picture fades. Oh and when they say seamless...they mean it. Not even on the top or bottom. I can already tell it will fray soon. I will have to hem it for him.
Wasn't as what I expected. The light is pretty bright but the wiring is too short. I couldn't connect the 2 wire adapters because the light plastic that connects was in the way, it wouldn't close. So I tried feeding the wire through the hole in my trunk but it was too short. Nonetheless, it caused a short on one of my fuses. I'm unsatisfied and disappointed to say the least.
Product does what it has to do. However, while unboxing, I noticed the mirror was shattered and I cut my hand while unboxing.
The lights fit well, however, the passenger light is dimmer than the driver side light. I would like to try another set cause maybe there is something wrong with the passenger light. I use them in my fog lights and do not have this problem with the factory halogens. I would like to try another set if possible, so I will have a product I can use and give an excellent review.
U get to keep your original compressor when u only replace the clutch unit. The problems are very hard to get to it if u do for the 1st time. U be a happy person once it's done. Don't know how long it going to last and the part are from china. 2 stars for the chinese.
I did not like this product. It was cheaply made but you get what you pay for.
Arrived late and broken. One of the lights doesn't light up unless you push on the surrounding area so I'm assuming the wiring is loose and one of the antlers wasn't glued to the pole anymore. I have to reattach it or it will fly off during use. Sad cause I was so excited to surprise my kid with it!
They refunded me but never told me that they cancelled my item but was told that it was shipped when it wasnt
This did not fit my 2016 Toyota Prius Two Eco
Almost fits, spare key won't latch into this case, gonna take some grinding. How hard can it be to make a factory copy of this.. pretty sad
Product looks great, relatively easy to install. Unfortunately after 8 months the seals started to wear out and a lot of moisture started to get in. Contacted the seller, but due short time frame of warranty I am out of luck. Will have to reseal myself.
I had bought this for a 2003 Tacoma. I know that this product did not advertise for it, but it was still able to lower the spare tire. The reason for the two star rating was because of how poorly made the product was. I highly doubt any testing was done, because I had the hardest time fitting the rods together. I had to file down the ends so that they would go in, and even then it was quite difficult. Without a vise, there was no way to remove them when done. And to put salt on the wound, the prybar/handle used to turn the rod didn't even fit the square end of the rods. If I had not tested this and was relying on this on an emergency, I would have been screwed. I highly recommend anyone looking to find another product; there are many others on amazon and not chance it on this one.
Product worked well for two days and then stopped activating. Now I have to tap it with a heavy object to get it to kick in.
The front finish is ok but it's hard to fit. The sides and the attach are cheap . Not sure if I would by this product again
Just received my light bar and wire harness.. mounts are not like the ones shown in the picture.. do I need to send it back?
They break very easy I broke eight pair in 3 months
Delivered fast, one horn worked and one sometimes works, I hooked up together and separate, the one that works isn't very loud more like moped than big bike ,
This holder did not fit my Hydro Flask with the rubber boot on bottom of flask. Took two hands to remove Hydro flask. Toooo dangerous while driving!!!
Wasn't what I expected
Junk does not fit properly
Almost unusable , the foam inserts are so stiff extreme care must be used on small end of rod to prevent breakage of rod tip . Would return but have already drilled holes thru carpet to mount .
We replaced both nozzles; one is barely spurting out enough washer fluid to reach the windshield. The other doesn't work at all.
The lift kit overall seems to be good quality but one of the keys did did not have one of the dimples drilled in to it.
Not great. These are not nearly sturdy enough to be used on a regular basis. Even trying to get snap rings off my bandsaw bearings these pliers bent up. Get a higher quality set. These are just useable enough to be frustrating when you try to.
Adhesive is poor quality
Light is bright but stopped flashing after 2 weeks. Would not recommend
For the price I figured they wouldn't be as good as the more expensive ones but they are made of extremely thin sheet metal. Have a 1-2â€ gap around them and do not even include rubber for the edges just a foam round foam sticky pad for the bottom corner. If you aren't looking for quality or a tight fitting door then these are for you! If you want something that actually seals up the lowers then purchase a different product
The screws were flat ended not pointed as shown. It did not work for my car. I ended up having to buy new ones.
They look great when the bike is not running. When the bike is running,,,,, you can see something in the mirror but cant tell what it is. Way too much vibration because of the plastic. Might as well face them the opposite direction.
It worked and fit as it was supposed to but one of the prongs was cracked but not enough to stop it from working. Packaging was fine, had to happen before shipping the product.
Picture a bit different from car... Seat covers are made for a different set of back seats
For the price I was expecting a full bottle but I got half the amount instead.. Very disgruntled
Carb did come damaged/bent on the intake side of the casing. Choke cable was different and required modifications, throttle cable guide was different and also need modifications. Idle was also different than OEM. In all took a few hours to get it to fit and have it work correctly. 3 stars for it working once modified to fit.
It didn't fit and wasn't accessible for my injectors...
Works good, breaks too easy.
difficult to get to and the screw holes don't line up exactly but it works. will get the more expensive one in the future when this breaks
This product is difficult to open, spilled a little on myself trying to pry the can open while at the gas pump. you will need a long funnel to be able to pour it in your tank. Came expired so possibly an old product. Do yourself a favor and buy plastic long neck bottle version of this.
The retaining nuts that loosen/tighten the braces fell out and I can't find where to contact them for any warranty support. Google can't even find them so where is their support folks? Warranty? Anyone? The lock nuts should be "captive" in the bracket and not able to just fall out on the road.
Fits well and is just like oem except the oem have metal on them where the nuts go so you can't over tighten them. With these you can simply keep turning the nut until it pulls all the way through.
It's cool looking, and super fun but it's a toy, get yourself a serious pair of goggles these are a novelty.
My shade missing few magnets on few sections. The magnet is strong enough to hold in place, even when it's a windy day; although, the shade did not prevent ice built-up on windshield last winter in freezing condition. Its material did absorbed some moisture, which caused it to freeze as well. It is quickly to install, remove, and store it away.
If your headlights have almost any curvature to them I would recommend not wasting your time or money on this product because it gets a bunch of crinkles in it that are virtually impossible to get out of it is however exactly as described and works exactly as described
Not sure if these were right for my vehicle they look right and plug in but not as bright as factory yellow cheap bulbs.
Easy in, did the job.
I have to say that I like the quality of this cover. But it has blown off my car three times during storms. Each time I resecure it. I live in Florida and we have had some strong storms but I think they need more straps to keep it on car.
I can not tell how much brighter they are over the standard OEM bulbs that I replaced, but I think they improved line-of-sight vision a little.
Sometimes it's 11pm and you just want to get in the car, go to Safeway and get your ice cream. It's hard to do that when the car cover is a part of the picture. I found myself not driving my car for over a week because I didn't want to remove the thing and potentially deal with a spider crawling out from Under it.. and onto me... and then having to put it back on. Who has time and energy for that? Nevertheless, it does the job. I don't use the little lock strap that comes with it, but it kept my car clean and didn't scratch it. It's also too big for the bag it comes in, so I have to keep it in a ball in the back of my car which I do not enjoy. This is mainly a personal preference thing.
Pros- Quick setting as advertised, strong but still a little flex. Cons- Plunger dispenser is deceptive, does not bond well to other surfaces (non-plastic) I bought this to repair plastic attachment mounts on the body kit on my car that is 17 years old and is lowered. The front attachments that I repaired seem to be holding up well. I used this on my front fender that has a prior body shop repair that failed. they used some steel mesh and and epoxy to re-attach the quarter panel mounting strap to the body. After years of driving I hit a parking bumper that pushed the bumper back and popped the epoxy. I attempted to use the existing metal mesh and this to fix it, However I slightly scrapped going through a dip in the road and the slight pressure caused this epoxy to release as well. Trust me, I used A LOT of this epoxy on that joint! The plunger being deceptive. You HAVE to push down on the DEAD CENTER of the plunger to get it to dispense evenly. If not it will push out more of one side than the other. Be aware of possible air bubbles as well.
Rear passenger side switch works after you play with it a little
Hard to install the back
It was not for a montero mitsubishi 2006!
This seems like it'll work really well with some work. The rubber stops are too tall, rendering the clamp too small to fit around the propane tank, I have no doubt it'll be perfect once I mess with those rubber stops with a knife, but for this price it seems a little ridiculous the customer has to modify it before use.
Slightly damaged but still works.
Pins slip out of holder rather easily... otherwise seems good. Works for me
Definitely cleaner than the one I took out, however, this is much thinner than the one I took out. It did fit, but honestly, I would spend the extra $2 or $5 and get the Mann one over this next time to get the thicker one.
The light covers were fine but I received a mixed batch of hardware to install them...
UPDATE AT END. Used this on my 2017 escape and it couldn't have gone smoother and took about an hour. I would suggest getting some large heat shrink tubing for the extra wire that stays behind the taillights, you can hear a slight rattle if you don't. /// I had to replace this after using for 2 years because the control module s#*t the bed.
Works good but does not last. Followed the directions and within 3 days it washed off and looked the same
Factory Dodge part. Should have been on car from factory. Look the same as non functional scoops. Small opening under hood, not sure they do much to lower under hood temps. A bit slow shipping from this vendor.
Good got what I paid for
Suction cup comes loose a lot
Still leaking, maybe pump is not fixable.
It's a little too large for my Subaru Forester but it works. A bit difficult to get under both visors and has an usual smell.
I had hoped the colored sleeves would work like a locking bit holder or the button on the back of a ratchet to lock the sockets in place. Not so; the ball in the side of the square drive is properly spring-loaded, but the sockets just pull off as with any less expensive socket adaptors. More important is that they do not properly fit and lock into my impact drivers. I must, therefore, hold the adapter in place for use.
For the money, you can't beat it. I left off a star for two reasons the drain hoses included are terrible, they kink at the slightest bend. The second reason is because I spent an hour with goo-gone trying to remove all the shipping pads.
Its not as good as other soaps in a foam cannon. It takes more that 2oz of soap.
They don't feel like they will last for years.....they are however, better then trying to get my 4 foot 11 inch self in my baby without them
Cheap set, but they are what you would expect. Using them on a race car so they will work
This was my first review of this item: I will never order from this vendor again. When we pulled the wire ends off the switch the whole tab came out, it did this for everyone I tried to pull wire end out and it broke the switch when I tried to put it back in. Junk. Do no order this product you will not be happy. I was ready for install and now out of return window so I am not very happy. I hooked up with my local automotive wiring shop and he told me the problem. It seems on the wire ends you have to squeeze the tab on the wire end and force it out of the lock then the wire ends comes off easy. Its a shame, since I did ruin two switches and pulled the ends out of three others. I would now order this item again with the knowledge of how to use it. It seems the seller would have told us this in the literature/instructions. I am adjusting my rating to 3. Write better instructions it hurts your product!!
Never got to use it. The idea of working on my Harley went south quick, fast and furious
Does not fit 2003 Explorer. It shows that it does, but it does not.
The key did not program to the ignition. Had to pay fo another key
Since installed 1 month ago, it has been decent. Whined pretty bad for the FIRST 50 MILES.... Since, it has quieted down a lot. Definitely met OEM SPECS, no issues with install. The REBATE that this particular PS pump had (Offered by Cardone) has been a time consuming process. Have not heard anything back, nor have I received any rebate/refund for my CORE. Taking their time handing money back over. I would give it 3.5 stars. I WOULD refer this product to a friend... BUT, probably not for high-end/Performance vehicles. BUT, always remember!!... YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!!
I can't say that this flasher didn't work, because it DID work as far as slowing the blinking. However, it made the most horrible screeching sound. Sounded sort of like an angry old cat with an irritating scratchy loud meow! I had to take it out, bought another brand.
For the price you can't go wrong. Definitely not a snapon tool but who cares for $5 you lose a little quality but save like $55. The only thing I can see ever breaking is that the red handle might slip off eventually one day... some super glue and boom fixed. Its also got some sharp machinery marks and sharp edges but a little sand paper, some elbow greese and 2 minutes of time can fix that. I use this at least twice a week for work and it works fine.
I did not like that there was no mounting hardware
Ok, this is a half descent map as far as quality. I really like the material this map's made of. It will definitely take a beating and keep on going. But as far as detail goes, if you're not taking the exact route the makers of this map used, don't expect much more than what other maps offer. If you were to travel the same route, then it's a useful tool. But only if...
The item is well made but I find it too large. I am 5'10" 190# and I wear a 44 coat in suits. I ordered the XL 44-46 and it's baggy and sloppy. The side laces are fully tightened and even with thick jacket underneath it would still be loose. I recommend buying a size below your measurements because you can loosen the sides but if it's too large you just have to look like you stole your daddy's vest. Unfortunately return probably isn't an option because I do need it for the bike rally this weekend.
I expect reinforcements in the bottom
I rather get HID kit. LED is only bright at close range but they don't lit up the road as far as an HID light.
Buttons stick and are harder to press than OEM remote, other than that its ok as a backup
Only 3 star because if you put all in no lights work at all or all will stay on. Hade 2 of them that looks like the connectors were damage that might b y some don't work. But the 2 out of 4 that I did get to work look real good on my 95 Chevy
Although i was initially pleased with the product, i have now been disappointed. Three of the coils have failed less than 30 days after being installed.
Been having it for kike 2 years dont see issues.
I purchased this ramp to help one of our dogs in and out of the car. Unfortunately it is too wide, or the door too narrow, and it has to be angled and placed at the front door to be functional. Also, the center hinge is so stiff I cannot get it to close. A better design would have it either be narrower or at least taper. Our dogs are used to agility equipment, so using it is no problem as far as their liking it.
Love the purple on it but they are small.
Had this welded onto my old Legacy GT and it sounded great! Only downside is you can tell the quality of metal is decent but not great.. hit a curb coming out of the driveway a couple times and it bent the very top flat almost and pretty easily but I'll give it the benefit of the doubt considering my car was pretty low, so as long as you're not hitting dips and curbs it'll hold up well. With that being said the first week I had it I had to carry around a bottle of water in my car to hose down the inside every time I parked and got out as the fiber glass inside is either too dry or just awful quality and would literally light on fire and dump smoke out of my exhaust! After it had all burned out my car was even louder and sounded pretty sweet but I did have to worry before then that my car would light on fire if I didn't put it out when I parked.
Light is ok but could have come with mouthing screws
Really strong, last long, I don't think it smells like leather, gave me a bad headache, smells like chemical water
I don't see any difference at all. I still get the bad smells in sometimes from outside.
They look good. They work ok. I have not had any water or condensation in mine and I have owned them for 9 months. The only gripe is the bulbs it came with are junk and even with Sylvania ultra bulbs the light is scattered and not directed very well. It is usable for me but my old eagle eye lenses projected better.
The pieces for the back work fine but the front window wind deflector prevent my windows from going up all the way.
Easy to install and remove. A lot of vibration and passenger side will vibrate all the way down and out. So I get a great view of the ditch. Not horrible. Just needs some work.
Doesn't like to work from more then 5 feet away
cannot read from my car
The box that the kit came in wasn't taped or glued and the pet cock valve was missing along with a couple of clamps. The hose clamps for the fill hose are to small and are cheap. It would be nice if the quality control was better before shipping.
when i recieved this item, it already had digs and dents about it... the led screen was also shifted a bit... all in all, this item is as shown and also works perfectly.
The part is bigger than the actual OEM relay so you have to either MacGyver on your car or the relay itself to get it to fit. Place I bought from would not respond would not take refund so I was stuck with it
I guess I'm just a newbie but I didn't know I was supposed to purchase other items in order to use this polisher. Frankly, I have no idea what I'm supposed to get and this unit is very expensive. Sigh...
I bought these to tie down bikes. The good- price, width of strap, safety latch on both hooks, storage bag included. The not as impressive-strap is thinner material than most motorcycle straps, lack of width of hook causes bunching of strap. The ugly- tagged â€œdesigned and engineered in the USAâ€. These Rhino USA straps are not actually made in the USA, but made in the People's Republic of China.
Will bunch up at the back hinge area. Material and color are a good match.
Unpacked the item. Noticed that the chromed area on the mount has imperfections. Chrome is missing/discolored to a brass and copper finish. I realize this wasn't an expensive item, but I also do not expect a flawed item that should never have made it through even a basic quality control check. Disappointed.
Only one side worked
LEDs worked great for about 1 month. Then one quit working and the other started blinking. Replaced with filament bulbs and they worked.
This bumper protector covered up the scratches on my bumper, but it is not wide enough to cover the entire bumper from top to bottom. It was only wide enough to cover the top half of my bumper. I had to order a second one so that I can cover the bottom half of my bumper. This is when it becomes expensive because I had to purchase a second one in order to protect the whole bumper. This is why I'm giving this product three stars...the cost is high and it is not wide enough to cover the whole bumper.
Product fit and was put on fairly easily. However there isn't much fluid pressure. Barely comes out hard enough to clean windshield. Doubt I will buy again.
These are very stiff pads , and all the same deep thickness which pretty much makes them unusable. They are an unacceptable replacement for any motorcycle helmet of even the worst quality, hell, even a Halloween costume. Look elsewhere !
I will have to wait and see how they hold
Work as designed but wire gauge is extremely thin.
I've had them a month and they're already ripping
It isn't easy to put on.
My order did not come with all of the parts pictured. There were no washers, castle nuts, cotter pins, lock washers, or nuts to attach the assembly to the backing plate, tang washers (whatever those were for), or closed dust covers. (I'm assuming it would be a choice to use either the closed or open--with rubber seal--dust covers....not both, but the closed was not there.) Seems like a quality product otherwise. Reasonably easy to install for someone with no experience, except that I had trouble with packing the grease in. No reflection on the product...just my lack of experience and proper tools, I think.
Have not put on yet, so I might need to do an update. However the quality of the chrome looks good.
Adhesive doesn't seem to stand time terribly well, avoid rubbing over it with any real force when cleaning your car
Very thin and not too sturdy. Looks good. I hope it does not bend
Not really happy with these. I have projector headlights and I can't see in front of me just on the sides. My HID bulbs worked much better.
Very cheaply made. Will be using a rose bud to straighten these out. But the price is cheap in this case you get what you pay for.
I've had my lights for about 2 weeks now and they are great until they weren't... first couple of days super bright! as of today I've had to replace with my original bulbs due to the light being produced which is almost nonexistent. I've check all connections still nothing. Not sure if I just received a faulty set or what. I've messaged the seller about the issue awaiting a response. I will update my review once I receive a resolution.
Nice rack but missing four set screws.
These were much smaller than I expected. The rubber part is hard to get off to dump them out.
These little pockets stick very well to the back of our RV seats. They did not stick very well to the vinyl on my car doors though.
Watched a lot of videos on YouTube and thankfully I didn't buy an expensive cannon, because this easily did the job.
Worked well, mostly. The dog chewed through the top in ten (10) seconds and had to be mended with thread and tape. the hooks were also more difficult than expected to secure to the bottom of the car seats. I thought I had one secured and it came undone and whacked me in the hand. Very unpleasant. However, after getting it installed and mending the portion torn by my dog, it did serve its purpose.
Sorry hadnt had a chance to use them
The screw holding the roller in place fell out after less than 30 minutes of use. I reassembled it and used loctite and it's worked well since then.
Had to use the old back plate as the new one would not allow the battery to make good contact. Other than that works fine.
packing stinks but they sent another one not much better
Installed on a 2005 Silverado. The rivnuts they give you were very hard to install for me. My rivnut tool didn't have metric, I had to make my own shaft to use it. Ended up pulling the threads out of it. Drilled out the holes to 3/8" so I could install "normal" rivnuts and used stainless hardware instead. The cap itself was warped a little, I am hoping it doesn't pull the tape off the inside....
Considering returning it because one of the buttons get stuck on the locking mechanism
Narrow and doesn't cover suv size seats.
okay serves the purpose
Light weight, good for in door use only
They look good and everything fits inside as it should. The body definitely felt cheaper than the stock headlights, but the biggest headache were the cheap metal clips which attach the rear of the headlight into the outer edge of the light housing. These clips didn't line up well and were ruined trying to press them into their slots. It's a task but I would suggest using the clips from the stock headlights and replace all four on the new headlight bodies.
For the money it's good but it does sling I don't care what anybody says even when put on and left overnight shines good for about a week and then where's off
I will probably be sending it back. It's advertised as a " one step" cleaner wax. Directions state " Apply to washed and dried surface."
perfect fit. lock was poorly made. When locked, all one would have to do it pull hard enough..
Product came broken in two pieces.
the vent shade on the drivers side does not allow the window to close. Very frustrating trying to close the window while stretching the shade and hoping you don't pinch a finger or two. I have taken it off and reattached, but the problem continues.
Super easy to program to my 02 Windstar. Door locks work great but it won't operate the power sliding doors.
The clip is too big for my harley
I didn't like the separation between running lights and brake lights. I didn't feel there was enough of a difference to be safe. Went with another brand.
Although LCD display worked, it still is shaded on the sides, although readable, may pose problems in the future.
Used it to evacuate a 35' line set. It took a good hour and brought the system down to 480 Micron. I know slow is better but this was just a little too slow for me. I will keep it until it dies but will not repurchase. Need something with a little more kick.
Two of the postive wires got pulled out of the lights I managed to get one to work again but one doesn't work and I'm wondering how I can get one light from you guys. They look really good
Is what was expected. The small ring would be better if it were like a zip tie so I could reattach it to the tube without using string or an actual ziptie.
Its a simple enough product but the channels to guide each fuse in are too wide and it is difficult to reinstall fuses when installed in a tight spot. Could have been designed better.
It's a good suction cup but a bad dent remover. It only sticks to very flat surface so unless your dent is on a perfectly flat surface and smaller than the diameter of this suction cup, it wont do you much good
The measuring instructions did it work for us. Returned item. Refund was issued quickly.
I bought this to use in an open 14' boat with a 25HP Honda outboard. The two areas where the cables can go in when the top is tightly fastened with the strap should provide adequate ventilation, but there are two dime-sized grids that are directly open to the rain and/or spray from boating, which eventually would fill and flood the battery box. Not sure why this is designed thus, will just have to check it frequently.
Shaped like the original but holes for securing harness are not the right shape you can definitely tell it's not OEM...
I haven't even installed them yet, but I'm already questioning rather I should install pads from a company who can't even spell brake correctly. All three actually say that. Other than that they arrived quickly and are packaged well. Sitting next to my OE pads they appear to be a direct fit. I'll do another review after I put some miles on them.
I bought these based on the good reviews and as a lower-cost alternative to buying OEM replacements from Hyundai. OEM replacements go for approximately $260 each, so at $135 for the pair, these are a bargain but of course one must expect that the quality will probably not be up to OEM standards. Overall these appear to be very good quality units especially for the price. They are visually indistinguishable from the OEM units and the fit in the car is excellent. Everything lines up where it's supposed to be. The bulbs are already all included which is a nice bonus. I ran into two issues: the socket for the running light/turn signal bulb is not quite right. It's an extremely tight fit with the plug from the car's wiring harness. The plug fits very smoothly with the OEM socket but extremely tight with the socket on these units. In fact it was so tight I was not getting a good electrical connection, causing the turn signal and running light bulbs to not work properly. The easy workaround for this problem however was to remove the bulb sockets that came with these units and to simply re-use the old bulb sockets from my OEM lights which fit the new housings perfectly. No biggie. Not ideal, but not worth returning these units for. The second issue was really weird: on only the left side light, there was some kind of manufacturing or assembly error. The reflector was installed into the housing in such a way that the parking light bulb could not be removed from the housing because the hole in the reflector and the hole in the back of the housing were misaligned. The right side housing did not have this issue, the bulb went in and out no problem. In order to fix this I had to break the turn signal bulb with a pick in order to remove the socket from the housing, then spend some time with a Dremel grinding a bit of the reflector away so the bulb would fit. Again, not ideal, but not worth returning the item for. But something to be aware of as not everyone may have the skills/equipment for this kind of modification. The adjustment process was nice and smooth - the factory service manual gives the adjustment specs if you have it. Only the low beams are adjustable. There are adjusting screws for the high beams but they are dummies - they spin but don't actually adjust anything. The OEM high beams aren't adjustable either so that's how it's supposed to be. All in all these seem like decent quality items and you will be amazed at the difference in how well you can see if you have been driving with oxidized/fogged lenses. The low beam projector lens gives a nice sharp cutoff with upward angle to the right just like it's supposed to. The housings seem to be made of quality materials and the fit is excellent. It's a good buy for the price, just be aware there's a possibility you may have to make some slight modifications, which is the sad state of aftermarket parts generally these days.
It doesn't role my driver's side window down like the "auto" word on the device states, but all my windows do roll down now.
I got these as a gift I love the look, but I wish the seating pad was a little wider the seats in the truck are light so we were hoping to prevent dark blue jeans from rubbing on the seats.
The stickers were okay, but it needs more glue/tape in order to stick.
My speaker lasted 3 months and then stop working used it maybe a half-dozen times.
The USB charger is very easy to install, looks good after installation. Docked two stars however. One star for cable is too short to reach anything near battery or the battery tender. I used a spare SAE quick connector to connect to battery terminal. Second star for the housing quick release would not stay in place, glued it.
The suction cups are sucky.
2014 Street glide special Fit perfect the only problem I had at idle the bike ran like it was running on one Cylinder put the old back ran smooth the led light was definitely brighter but I had to go back to the original one
Did not work at first had to change pins around
Works as advertised. May take some experimenting to wire correctly. The toggles are lighted, so make sure you wire to an existing intermittent power cable that only receives power when the car is running or you risk draining the car's battery and /or damage to the switch or the car's interior in case of fire from constant heat. Satisfied customer.
The lights are bright and in daylight color (White). However, they only lasted about 8 months. I think I will go back to standard bulbs as these LED's were not worth the cost for such a short life.
had to shave down some of the plastic to get it through the hole in the backside of the latch handle. Good once it fit in.
The wiper blade is not the same as the OEM.I took mine apart removed the rubber blade and put it in my OEM blade. Rubber quality is great and works great in my OEM assembly.
Kind of ugly, not a real good fit, but very heavy duty..
Didn't realize they were going to be two different size grips had to buy two sets to make them work and one of the pro taper symbols is facing the opposite direction now
The product its self was good, however they were missing the bottom bracket to mount the rack to the vehicle.
Unfortunately, my car doesn't have tinted windows at all, which only became a problem when our baby was born. This helps shield the sun a little but when it's mid-late morning or high noon and the sun is blazing....it doesn't help much at all. The fit was great though. I have a 2011 Altima and it was very easy to install.
Not great quality but it does the job, good for the mornings that are 35 to 40 degrees. Will not keep you warm in temps lower then that
I was really excited for this product and did my research but it doesn't quite work for me. I drive a Ford Focus and the cover is baggy. It doesn't fly off since it is hooked on my tires but doesn't lay snug on the windshield. This allows snow/ice to build up between the cover and windshield. It might work for a larger car but isn't great for mine which is a bummer. I like that it covers the passenger/driver side windows and mirrors.
Definitely will not fit on a 1 inch tube. Looks like it will probably work on 2 inch and up. Also one of the nuts was halfway stripped and wouldn't catch the stud when the jack was mounted. I'm not a big fan of having to fix brand new things to make them work. Purchase with caution.
Good helmet. Fits true to size. Comfortable. Giving 4 stars because of its quality. Loosing a star based on my own personal preference. Not a fan of the tented retractable internal visor. I liked the concept when I bought the helmet. Practical application not ao much. A lot of light comes around it. Wish I would have bought a standard helment and got a traditional tinted visor.
This thing works well. It is just sort of difficult to hear sometimes with it. My friends and I all bought the same one so we all have the same issues. Difficult to hear and mic is iffy sometimes too. It occasionally cuts out on me also. Not a terrible one though, If you wanted a helmet bluetooth for a decent price this is not a bad deal.
The design looks OEM but the adhesive is white and very thick so you can see a white border around them emblem which looks very tacky and the color has a flat finish . Some people might like it but it wasn't my preference. I'm going to order OEM emblems. So overall I gave it 3 stars for the good design but everything else wasnt very well done in my opinion.
Color matched perfectly. I did not care for the applicator.
Worked for my 2005 liberty no issues maybe offer a smaller quantity pack.
So far really good quality. I'll update over time*
I don't know if it's any good or not because I can't get the key cut. Call around before you buy. In my area, no one is willing to cut the blank unless they sell it saying it's a "liability", or that it will ruin their machine because they don't know what the metal is for certain. What a PITA.
Had to Frankenstein this with the part I was replacing. A week later the whole pump gave out. LOL If you are gonna take the time pull the pump to put this in, just replace the whole pump!
I have a 2003 Ram and the mirrors fit fine. Installation was fairly straightforward including the electrical. The power works as expected, haven't had a need to test the defrosting portion yet. The smaller corner mirrors are unlike the originals and barely convex. They really don't assist in showing blind spots, pretty useless. I picked up some small adhesive round mirrors and covered the corners. We'll see how that works but the blind spots are certainly more visible now. If you're trying to save money, these aren't bad for the price. If I had know about the corners, I would probably have shopped around a bit more.
After installing both I started the scooter and both bulbs came on but 20 seconds later one bulb started getting brighter and then went out and that bulb won't work on dim any more. This is just information, I don't ride it very much and one of the two lights still works so I'm fine with that.
SO much SMALLER than I would have thought. I bought this for my brother in law for his new SUV, and let me tell you, you could fit a few of these inside the trunk of a compact car. I truly expected it to be larger.
Maybe it's me, but I found it difficult to use. Had trouble getting it to "click" in properly when I put on my helmet and a lot of difficulty unhooking it later. I had to destroy it to get it off the strap when I gave up on it. It might be fine for you, but I couldn't use it with ease.
Definitely faded after use, but was comfortable around steering wheel.
Had to tap out my mount bigger plus bolts a little shorter than expected
Small seals only. Not sturdy enough for anything exceeding 2 inches I think.
Not as picture described only one bolt to fasten clamp to bar to loose without filler to tight with filler that is supplied Expensive by the time shipping and exchange
Works of you can't find a factory one. This one is definitely cheaper. Buttons are really hard to push the auto button has just started working couple weeks later the window lock button broke trying to install the cover needs to pop off to fit back in the trim at least that's how mine worked and when I popped cover off switch broke inside now if u push it it stays down n u have to pry it back up
good product, well made bottle but didnt match the color. Bummer!
I tried to fit it in my Acura RDX 2018 .. it's very big..couldn't trim it perfectly..... so I tried to return it.... seller were friendly they said return costs more.. so they asked us to keep the product and refunded 50% of its cost. Gave us coupon for the inconvenience... if you can't trim it well..I will suggest not to buy this product... it will be helpful for both seller and customer...
Brake lights did not fit my 07
Be careful with them they are a bit cheap and fragile. But it works 100% they are also directional so just pay attention to the tab on the barrel it should face you or towards door panel
Awesome fit except their are no holes for the headrest to go back on
Had both bearings installed after 2 months one of the bearings failed
The materials are OK. I tried using this with the waterless car wash and the amount of product coming out of the nozzle is way too much a regular spray bottle does a better job and gives you more control.
Exact fit easy to replace the original, but broke just as the factory piece did in two months.
Works great Easy to install on my 2014 Ram Sport!.... I plugged it in and tested the lights before installing, worked great. I measured it out to make sure it fit, and it was a perfect fit. Only issue was that the trailer harness wasn't long enough to connect properly so I had to order a trailer harness extension. I ended up ordering a splitter anyways so it all worked out.
Got stolen a few weeks into ownership but its wind straps were great.
Really don't know that I dislike the item, just don't like the push pins.
the passenger side at 21 inch clips the windshield rubber seal causing a rough first pass then it smooths out. Driver side good since no obstructions and wipes well. Trying a 20 inch after return...should be good since half inch more clearance.
Item was fine. The only problem was. I only ordered one and received two and got charged for two.
I love this product. I have gotten numerous compliments from my ride share passengers about it :)
Clips that line up with the mounting locations are a bit too big. Transfer the clips from the old headlights in order to install.
good but you need a breaker bar with another socket to brake them free, by then why use it?
One of the lights came cracked
1 is leaking, the seal is ready bad
I purchased these about 3 months ago and they were very nice when I put them on. The red however has already faded off, so now they are just silver and black. The quality is not the greatest.
I had to modify the tool when I got it to make it fit on the crank keyway (it was too tight). Other than that it worked well.
Handles are great and sturdy but product was received with incorrect hardware. Two longer screws were missing to install. Wrote the seller but waiting for a response
It's a good product, fits well. First one arrived broken, had to send it back and wait for a refund to repurchase instead of just being sent a replacement.
Nice variety of tools. Only complaint is they they are made out of to hard a plastic. They leave marks on trim pieces
The lights were bright and fit well. Unfortunately as with any LED bulb buy the resistors for correct functionality!
I ordered the 6 light low beam one and got the ones that all light up. I only needed one as a spare cause my last pair had one with 3/6 low beams flickering. Now i have to toss the good one. These are full bright all the time. More of a flood light as it just kinda goes everywhere but slightly better than factory lights. With the full light option turning my brights on/off there seems to be no noticeable difference. Overall they do what they are intended for but I received the wrong ones so 3/5
It is what it is. You're eyeing up the cheapest one, right? gasket misshapen and had to be forced into position. Handle feels flimsy to the point of fragile. That said it arrived on time and fit my truck. You get what you pay for. Did come with a neat keychain though. If you buy this one, make sure your tailgate latches are well lubed and operate freely and smooth because this thing can't take a lot of stress. A suitable part if you're on a very tight budget.
Doesn't last long and the scent is not consistent, meaning sometimes you can smell and sometimes you can't
The metal is thin, and the finish scratches easily. I knew this going in, so I bought some rustoleum and bedliner spray and coated every weld, and attaching section before I assembled it. seems to be lasting, though for something that rides OUTSIDE a car.. ALL year long, I shouldnt have had to do that. Looks badass ontop of my subaru.
Fit perfectly but were so so so dark that it made a blond spot while driving
The instructions are the worse ever,product works well !
received as advertised
Does what it describes. Would like an LED on it or something more special for the price that it is.
The original coil connector does not lock or click with this coils so not sure if seating properly or will beacon loose over time by sliding out. It looks good, fits the spark plug and tube but female too long to click with wire connector. Wondering if connection will become loose with engine vibration.
Good product but it was advertised as being 4 feet long, turned out to be way too long at 10 feet..
Heavy, bulky and not an exact fit. Effective, but doesn't not fold up easily or store compactly.
I purchased it for my car bumper but it was too small for my car... I expected a little bigger size. The sticker appears good and the quality is nice.
It's more runny than I expected. The last brand I used (can't remember which) wasn't quite so liquid. Pay attention to the amount that's on the brush's stick because it's so runny that if you're applying while holding the brush sideways it'll all run off the stick all over everything. Very annoying. It should be a little thicker to prevent that from happening. My biggest complaint with anything that has a brush in it is that the brush does not reach the bottom of the can so you'll waste about 1/4" of the stuff at the end unless you use a different brush which is a total mess. This works ok, but I'll try another brand next time.
The product itself does what it should. Fits in the rails of my 2017 tacoma just fine. Only problem, like others have posted, is that this is sold as a pack of 2 and I only got 1, hence the 3 star rating. Called into Amazon support and they said they ship out a replacement so I'll adjust the overall rating once I get the order fully fulfilled.
Be sure to get exact measurements.
The price is certainly reasonable.
Fits well and easily installed.
Previous home car jack of many years just died and this jack had high ratings, good reviews, and lifts just as much( 3 tons) as the previous jack but at about half the weight and size. Love the SUV attachment for a few cars in the family.
Not bad, it had a broken adjustment bracket when I got it so that's why I gave a 3 star
I gave it 3-star for craftsmanship. Brightness is all right. I like the fact that there is no cord. So I use them for up close paint correction lighting. Backing plate/ battery cover does not stay firmly attached small bumps will knock the plate off. One of them I just left off and then put a thin strip of duct tape across the back of the batteries to keep them from falling out. I was impressed by the longevity of the battery once it's fully charged. I accidentally left it on before going to work and it was still lit up when I got home 11 hrs. later
I purchased these to put on the wheels of my duel axle travel trailer. My tires are 14" and the covers don't fully cover them. They are about 3" short. They should have been a little big. I pulled & tried to stretch them but ended up leaving them on as it's better than nothing while I find another set
These plugged right in but the fit is a little loose. The red is a little see through but I'm happy enough. The protection looks good.
Cheap behind material that tears up super quick. However, it was cheap. I got what I paid for. I found a better replacement that I threw right on top of it.
For use in a vehicle to monitor an auxiliary battery it's not the best, and the quality matches. It would be better suited for a standalone battery system. Charging with the vehicle alternator doesn't always trigger the voltage threshold for metering charge time, so the displayed Ah and battery life aren't true. If you know for a fact you're starting off with a fully charged battery and parking without, then it works. If you're not concerned about remaining battery life and want to monitor usage overnight or between charges, then it does a good job. I docked another star for the cheap construction; there's a gap between the LCD and clear outer protector and it's very weak; a slightly firm poke and it caves in. Wouldn't stand up to kids who expect everything to be a touch screen. The USB connection is also very touchy.
The shirt runs very small and the sleeve length is not as long as most of the 2XL garments I order. Almost every manufacturer I order from a 2XL fits perfect.
Not a low profile and there is some damage description stated package damage not product
Not an exact fit for my 2006 Hyundai Santa Fe Seller refunded very quickly
They look good but mine got hummed on the inside. I call the company and the say that usually don't happen. I will try them again and see.
I purchased these as fog light replacements. They are bright and they are white vs the OEM yellow, BUT they are very diffused lighting that goes from the ground to way up high above my car. I am in essence projecting a plane of light that extends way above my vehicle. I was at the dealer, who double checked my installation and they told me that there is no adjustment.. I have included two pictures. One is just the low beams on my Charger, the other is the low beams with the fog lights. With the fog lights on, you see the shed on the left side get lit up.
Not as bright as others i have paid half the price for
They are okay. I figured they would be bright like HIDs however they are only the same color temp as HIDs. If they were brighter and able to light up everything like my HIDs do in my Camry I would rate higher.
Such a pain in the butt to wire them without a wiring kit, but the lights themselves were amazing for a little over a month. All 6 lights are done. I had them on when doing a photo shoot and they all cut out. ðŸ˜­
Reads most of the time. Randomly does not read fault codes.
The first one they sent me arrived in pieces. The housing had come apart and wouldn't go back together because the fan was pushed too far down the shaft. They sent me another one with no hassle, but it was also not right. The fan was again pushed on too far and rubbed on a part of the housing. I managed to get that fixed without having to return it, because I couldn't wait for a 3rd one to be delivered.
Packaging needs to be stiffer. Decal arrived wrinkled.
Does not fit a Honda Pilot window fully, but still using it
The black piece that goes into the frame by the metal pole is broken.
It works but the center does droop like a previous review noted. I'm having difficulty accepting thee price for the quality TBH. I plan to only use this till I come by something a little better.
I would have given 5 stars but the company sent 4 straight pins instead of the 2 curved and 2 straight.
It arrived when it said it would. Got the parts that's on the picture. However, the door handle cover was the wrong cover.
I had this professional installed. Unfortunately only lasted about 4 weeks before compressor failed.
Wore out pretty quick like a month
The product is ok...
Product did what it was supposed to once installed. Three star rating was for the lack of detailed instructions...and NO RUBBER WASHERS INCLUDED!!! Without these you will have water leaking into your truck bed. After spending this much money on an item, you shouldnt have to go to the hardware store for $8 worth of rubber washers.
I have had to purchase 3 of these window switches.....seems each time I get one, one of the window switches fails. It appears to be the thickness of materials being used as the break over under the control button. As mentioned this will be my third one. third times a charm. The price is good, but when the products keep failing outside the return window, not much you can do. but get another one.
One post had a manufacturer defect, but it still works.
Bolt spacing is just a little off but okay...the fit with the arm is a little tight, but will probably work in with use. I recommend 5200 sealant on the screws when you install/
they are tiny....I have not installed-- will update review
The first one failed to transfer back to shore power. The replacement had Shore Power and Generator wires reversed. Default should be shore power. Had to redo my wiring. So far so good as have gone thru several power outages.
works great. But doesn't hold together when wipers froze to the window
The throttle cable is long eno ui ghost for what I needed, and it worked just like any other throttle cable, that's the good. the bad is that the description doesnt list the thread size on the end that screws into the throttle handle assembly, and it was significantly smaller than what my twist throttle handle requires.
This item sounds really good and may well be. Unfortunately I never got to use it because I use an Otterbox Defender case and the slot the phone goes into with this mount isn't nearly large enough for the Otterbox case. I wish they made one that is. As I said, it sounds really good and I would like to try it.
Re-plugging the bulb connectors was bit of a problem. Not mating property. Had to strong arm it a bit. Maybe a little lubricant or something might have helped.
this seat is more comfortable than factory , looks nicer too .
Not as useful as I hoped it would be. Wedges in between seat and center console, but space is so small holds a very limited amount of slim profile things, like cell phone or pen/paper. Smaller stuff like chapstick or coins get lost in bottom and I have to lift entire thing out of seat area to get to it. Finding I'm not really using it as much as I thought I would.
Works as advertised, but when charging it interferes with radio, you need to move around in cab to relieve static in the radio signal.
This bearing puller may work for some, but it did not work for me. I could not remove hub bearings from a lawn car wheel - no movement at all.
Either a more viscous solution would be better or spray it more gradually so it doesn't run. Will continue to use product lightly spraying but not repurchase.
Don't expect this tool to last forever but you can get a few good uses out of it before it fails.
This isnt the first time i have purchased this product, but it is the first time i had issues with the product, plugged in the new light to the new harness and it wouldnt work, thought i had a short in the truck. Turns out they didnt even crimp the ground wire on so the unit didnt work, ended up hard wiring it in.
I like the cover. Need to cut holes for tie downs.
I wouldn't say it fits like a glove but it is universal, cheaply made, and looks good from a distance. Does the job though.
Did not hold up they are tearing not much in them nothing heavy
They need a smaller size for people with smaller face. Works well for my teenage son but too big for me and not really adjustable
A little long for 88 bronco and missing two of the drop link bushings
Ford orange coolant does not register correctly on these strips
I bought this for my Ram 1500 and it wasn't a perfect fit but it still fit. The installation was not that easy because I'm am not installing it in a sedan. It is not too quality/fabric but the design is good.
My old console tray had a small main area which held my old Galaxy phone just fine, but not my Galaxy S10 :-( So I got this because of its larger main area. But it really does seem backwards. there is not much of a lip at all on the back. The front 1" wide front section has almost no lip towards the front, so I can't think of anything that you could actually use it for. The two side areas, while also not having any lip to constrain items to the rear, can at least hold a chapstick without it falling out for almost a complete jeep trail. (This is for a Jeep, right? don't you think items might be subject to some small bumps in it's normal usage? ) But it does hold my phone flat, so I don't have to dig in my pocket for it.
They fit well enough in my 2016 ram 1500 driver side is a little off and when I got them the husky label was peeled off on the passenger side floor mat
There is good and bad that come with this. Good-- Worked when the OEM stopped. Brought back the auto feature Price was good Maybe-- Texture felt better than the OEM, others might disagree. Bad-- Color of light is way off and one of them is brighter than the rest. Has caused an electrical issue when it is freezing out, never had that problem with my OEM version. All in all, if you need it fast and to work to move or sell then its a good purchase for the price.
needed to replace old, and the VA recommended to try these. Haven't had need to use yet but I expect to be happy with
One out of four plugs were damaged. I had to buy one from local auto parts store.
Edges are very sharp you can easily cut yourself.
Works great for reducing interior temps from direct sun, but it didn't fit the side windows well on my coach. Passenger side door window was almost too big, driver's side window was too small and not shaped properly. Each cover has 5 snaps, which is fine for the side windows but the windshield cover is 3x bigger, yet only 5 snaps. Definitely needs a few more snaps, like represented in the listing photos.
very misleading the plastic on the wires is quite thick not the actual gage of wire but worked for what I needed
Way to big for car, even though it stated for specific car
Better directions on installation
I loved them the first couple of weeks but they stretched out and looked funny after that.
They serve the function. Bought for 2018 unlimited wrangler. One front seat cover tore at the seam when I put it on. Good for short term, not sure how long they're going to last.
Product came on time and fit great. The problem I had was scratches under the clear lense and one of the red lenses had not been clipped into place before the clear was glued in. Company is working with me now to get a replacement. I would suggest a real good look over before installing these lights. The company was very helpful in remedying the situation though!!
One of the bulbs was broken. Hardly any packaging to prevent breakage during shipping.
Too small for Lexus RX
The hole is a small oval, not round. The cover is not removable. The foam is very dense and not as soft as wanted. It must have been designed by a gentleman who does not know a woman's post natal and bladder infection needs. Cover fits so tightly that it compacts the hole so it is almost non-existent.
They where easy to install I didn't use them on a car they where used in a Xbox from the led mod there bright enough to light it up the adhesive was okay had to put heat to adhesion would have been nice to get y blue ones I ordered instead of purple lol
I used this product to bleed my brake master cylinder prior to installation; only issue was I needed two fine thread medium fittings, kit had one. I used the course thread fitting with thread sealing tape, as fitting are only nylon and wouldn't damage my master cylinder. Also recommend "Clear" tubes, not black...so you can see when all the air bubbles are gone.
I love it cause it's starwars but looking at my windshield you can't really tell what is on it. Stays crinkled
Very bulky and hot in the summer on a half lid. But good for the price.
The cost for the blank keys were super cheap. However, nobody (stores) is willing to cut the keys. the locksmiths wanted $65 to $100 to cut them. Luckily, I have this friend at a store (can't mention name of store) cut the key for me. I then followed the instructions to program the keys and they didn't work. So for now I'm stuck with two keys that won't program. Also, Another friend of mine who works for a ford dealership mentioned that other keys may have been programed onto the memory chip and that memory chip may be full (allows only so many duplicate keys) which is why the keys won't program. The memory system has to be cleared. which can cost big $$$. if that's the case ... it's a real bummer. A lesson learned and a hard pill to swallow. It may work out good on other cars that the memory chip aren't full but for mine not the case.
The hitch was listed as suitable for my 2001 Tahoe. However the plates that are supplied are too short to hold the bolt in place inside the frame. Consequently it rotates and cannot be tightened. I had a heck of a time finding longer plates with a square hole for a 3/4" bolt.so I could complete the mounting.
Unfortunately One of the coils was defective when cover and coils were installed
They lasted a day before getting blown off my jeep.
hard to you use if you don't know what your doing. You can see the difference when you do the touch ups.
the item does not match the picture. it does not include any washers or hardware.
It's ok but really only helpful when riding highways. If you combine it, it's kinda in the way, at least it is for me on my motorcycle.
So easy to use. Stays fastened on belt... I'm no longer being strangled by my cars seat belt. Also, great for my grandsons booster and adjusting the belt in the right position for him.
Barely fits a stick of butter.
Just received these. Zero instructions. Not plug and play. The connectors suck. The video sucks.
It does exactly what it's designed to do, and it does it just fine. If you're buying this tool, you probably already know this, but you need to use an old brake pad or something like that to let the tool work against -- this tool will not work well on it's own without the old brake pad to press against. Honestly, if you have a c-clamp already, just use that. And if you don't have one, you can probably find a suitable one at Harbor Freight for half the price of this. I don't exactly regret buying this, but it was also kind of a waste of money.
Received the item in time to take camping, however once I got here noticed the tire was flat. Pumped it up and it won't hold air. Kind of stuck for 10 days. Other than that the products worked as advertised. FaIr warning, the handle will pop off the hitch if you hit a bump or stop too suddenly. We use bungee cords on top of the ball to keep the hitch down. Too bad there wasn't some kind of lock to hold the handle in place.
Hey, I received my package today but only 1 of the lights work the other one doesn't. I tryed it in both doors and only 1 works. What's my next step?
it was not a genuine FORD product which I like to use....but as I am selling the truck it will do
Well it fits that's all I can say when I can afford it I'll buy the one made by spyder
Didn't work on certain tires
It would work fine, but did not fit my truck.
Cover did not cover windshield completely. Difficult to manage both ends at once fasten inside the doors. Bottom of cover blew up in wind uncovering windshield
I got about 3 sprays in before the bottle failed me, so that's cool. In those 3 sprays I could tell it would be a great product. Unfortunately I don't have extra bottles laying around :(
Probably too big of tip to work good on my small letters....did one tire....then took it off....just a little sloppy.
The sides dont stay in place. I ending up getting a custom fitted seat cover. For the short period of time I had this one it was ok. Ig you're not looking for amazing protection and just want good enough then this one should be fine. If you want a premium product and you think you're getting a steal reconsider your purchase
It doesn't fit my car well at all. It rides way too high when attached as instructed. It leaves at least a 7 or 8 inch gap along the bottom of the windshield. Not impressed.
PRO's - Wired up and works perfect, heater operates as it should again as my old one after years of use has given up. This new thermostat cycles on/off as it should, it bolted up to the orginal holes exactly, and operates perfect, very pleased with that part. CON's - My only complaint and this is the reason for 3 stars and not 5 (my comment here is directed straight to the manufacturer as well) is that the temperature scale (lack there of) is nothing more than some hash lines. If your going to screen print the damn thing anyway why not put the correct numbers on it! The picture shows numbers, what I received has small hash lines, not cool. Nevertheless I'll keep it and most likely make a small label with my label maker to fix this lack of competence.
Make sure to get the right fuse size. These are full size.
I measured my steering wheel and this should fit. It looks nice but is too big and moves when driving. Its not a tight fit.
hope it will last longer
Was told by dealer not good
This item does exactly what it says it will do. It goes between the seat and the console. There is nothing wrong with it, but, if you have tall people it actually takes away quite a bit of leg room in the seat area and the slots for holding things are very thin. I have no problems with it, it is just fine.
I don't want to give this a low rating just due to the fact it does seem like a quality product, but when I order grey and get chrome.......unless someone at the warehouse is color blind or the advertisement on the site is wrong. I would buy this again, but anyone else looking for grey be wary or look elsewhere.
Worked great for 3 days until I took the snap off my belt loop one day and found the bolt with loop attachment had disappeared leaving just the bare screw holding on. I almost lost my fob and would have lost any keys attached to the bolt if I'd had any. Now I'm left with just the leather wrap and a clip with nothing to attach them.
Brake lever fit perfectly Clutch lever did not, had to grind down to get it to move freely in the mount. The old lever was worn some - mount may be a little messed up but had to take the new lever down more than the old one was worn down
Pros: it's super easy to use and handy to suck up crumbs that my kids leave in the back seat. It's also inexpensive compared to most other car vacs I considered. It's self-storage bag is a nice addition since I would probably just end up with the cord getting damaged in a car door or something. Cons: the auction isn't the greatest. It gets most crumbs and fine debris, but the interior still not as clean as when o take the big vac to it. It also smells like it might overheat if left on more than a few minutes. The method of emptying the vac also always leaves a bit of the yuckiness on my hand.
The item fits in the door but does not fit perfectly. It has a gap that make is seem not factory. The light is also not that bright.
The unit is heavy duty and has a lot of parts BUT!!! I bought this for one first project a 1969 Firebird. There are 3 sleeves with the kit. 2 were to small to go around the pressed in bottom ball joint, and one was to big. The big one was to big for the control arm so I took the middle size and cut it so it could be opened up to diameter I needed. Than it worked very easily to remove the ball joint. If you are a little creative this unit will work as advertised. For the next project I may have to open one up or close one. They will work fine with a gap cut in the sleeve.
Only one bulb worked
It works but it doesn't blow nearly as hard as the factory blower. Even on high it's about half the air volume of the original.
Bulbs showing two different colors
Product is a good idea and cheaper than replacing the cables but very hard to install on my E350 Ford Van as I had to pre drill the holes to fit in the cables.
You get what you pay for. It works well as it should but the button to release the wheel is hard to reach and a bit of a pain. Had no other issues with it, good price.
These floor mats are nice, and they will contain a spill, but the fit is not as good as I expected. They were my first WeatherTech purchase. I think I would continue to buy this product for future cars just because we live in the country and they contain the gravel and such, but they are not as snug a fit as I hoped for.
The bends in mine were no sufficient to the angle of the door. So when the door is down the plate is slightly still in the air. Trying to come up with non ugly solutions like a strip of aluminum to put under it however if the metal had more of a bend this would be 5 Star.
Did not fit the Lexus is300 climate control
Very bright and looks great but not very good quality. Light flickers when i hit a bump.
It does it's job. But I can see how if someone were really determined it wouldn't take but a few seconds in a crowbar to get it off. But it's a good visual deterrent. And with visible cameras on my building it's sufficient for what I needed to do. But if I really was relying on that to keep someone from stealing my trailer, it wouldn't do the job at all.
Started to yellow shortly after install does it's job but I can tell I'm going to want a new one in a few months.
Can clearly tell these are plastic, but they do the job. They are hard to take off.
just OK, I have well water so I don't get suds I think I should get
Looks good, fits good, NO VERTICAL CAM PIECE THAT fits in to adjust the aim of the light.
Installing was easy but once installed my remote doesn't work!!
MISS ALIGNED AND THE THREADED RETRACTION ROD WOBBLES IN THEIR DRIVE BUSHING
It will do for now. Pros: blocks the sun and keeps my car cool. The only one that I use is the shade for the front windshield and the two front windows. Cons: the back shade keeps falling down. Won't stick to my window no matter how much I keep redoing it. I gave up. The back window shades are way too small. I don't even use it because it does nothing. It's just way too small it doesn't do much.
Would give higher review if it was the correct fit. Buyer be warned there are 2 different actuators in the rear of an expedition. One is to select floor or roof vents and the other is to control temperature. Floor or roof vent has additional 3 columns on the shaft. Temperature is much thinner shaft without the additional support. FYI both of my actuators had the same gear stripped When I opened them.
The head support bands are nice, and great quality. However, the straps that go around the back of the carseat does not hold the head support in place. When driving around and hitting bumps, etc. the head support just slides up then kids head falls forward out of the support eventually. I have the Evenflo Chase LX carseats.
These pieces are not the same size. I was covering a large area, back cargo area of a old suburban. The pieces didn't line up, as the photo shows. Over all, the product should do what it's supposed to, just not uniform in size
The product itself isn't bad it actually looks like it would do the job but unfortunately I have a 2012 Camry and let me just tell you this was the biggest pain because the socket of the rear turn signals for my car could not hold these LeD's In they would just slip right out and when I thought I had a secure connection I put the LED back in the twilight housing and the damn LED slipped right out of the socket and was stuck inside the housing. It took me nearly an hour to get this damn bulb out.
This item does not fit a Mazda3 in spite of the sizing utility software telling me that it does. This item is too large for a Mazda3. Otherwise, the material and quality is as expected
Nothing special, just use spray was its the same thing for half the cost
Really good looking bulbs but one wont even turn on. Really good looking product.
It says plug and play. However, to get the lights mounting to fit onto a 2000 blazer mounting bracket you have to take off material on the new lights housing (It will be unseen when you are through if you do it correctly). If you know how to use a dremel and have flat top grinding bit you can do it but otherwise you will be out of luck. Also, the grommet that you need for he wiring is half the size of the original. You will have to cut the original and put it on the one. If you don't mind doing all of this it fits the overall bracket and has a factory fit when done. Defiantly not plug and play as advertised (Maybe on Suburban but not a Blazer). Just know you have to modify for the 2000 blazer and I suspect other blazers. but I know for a 2000 it going to take some work.
Provides good coverage of the car's floor. I had to do some trimming but not much. It's thick but seems to made of inexpensive rubber.
Just got them in today. The tail light guards are awesome. Went on easy, but I did not receive my third brake light cover. If the company corrects the issue, I will upgrade the rating to a five star.
They do the job and they are cheap. Better than paying 200 for them. But sometimes I have to really work the button to get the door to unlock. Can't complain too much on price tho. They do what they need to do
Really light weight sockets, feels like they will brake if you drop them. Good price. Don't know if it'll be a long term set of tools or if I'll get a better set sooner than later
I had them a month and they said faded.
The shields are fine but the chrome screw covers are very thin plated chrome that rubs off and reveals the copper- looking color underneath. Not exactly what I had in mind for Chrome screw covers. You get what you pay for.
Let me start by saying the product had arrived in a great condition which is always nice. The rotors were the correct size. The brake pads however were too small even though I was assured by Amazon's vehicle match system the kit was and absolute fit for a 2014 Chrysler 300 C, including correct trim information.
Great deal price-wise. Used half of the the day I got 'em. Quality is not so good; tho they're fine for my light duty application
Nothing like to original. One or two drops and poof! they are broken. But for 8 bucks, who is complaining.
very poor packing. amazon refund money for purchase
I only suggest this for a passenger side mirror. This doesn't have the curve needed for a driver side mirror like I needed.
This product really looks good on the truck but have noticed quite a bit of moisture on inside of lens. I imagine I will be replacing bulbs more often due to this moisture. Product did fit well.
Really wasn't any faster than than drying with a good microfiber drying towel. Accessories tend to launch off the end of the hose into the car.
Looks amazing! But fit and finish leaves something do be desired... they fit ok, but the place you install the lights was just rough cut the lightbulbs didn't fit wel at all and I ended up sealing around the whole outside lens with silicone... the gasket they used was junk, I do recommend sealing them... I don't know if I would buy them again... probably not....
was not pleased at all with this wax
Very difficult to draw out excess 15W oil from my Yamaha's front forks, and hose shot off when trying to empty oil back into container. A larger diameter hose and metal tube would make process much easier.
The tire deflators don't work consistently well. Tried 3 times now and can't get even deflation on all 4. They deflators are super slow too. Will be buying a stem remover which is super fast but you have to watch it.
I've been using this product for about 3 weeks and while I've found it does serve its purpose I thought it would be a little more stronger around the edges. Great price point if you compare it to the others on the market but I too recommend you use some sort of plywood or something to strengthen the bottom grate and ultimately the whole structure.
Ease of installation. I replaced these in September and I just put another in may- I'm giving it another try
Some of the black part was peeling right out of the package
Paint job is not great. under the "S" of the United States was a blue paint run. Not worth what I paid for it.
First off, I'll start by saying that these are undoubtedly the brightest T10 LED bulbs on the market. I've tried about 9 or 10 different brands and nothing comes even close to these in regards to the lumens produced. Now let's talk about the build quality. Originally, Alla Lighting had these bulbs with thinner connectors (refer to the picture, the bulb on the left) that would constantly break off due to poor soldering. Then Alla introduced the "New" version with thicker connectors (refer to the picture) that were supposed to eliminate the breaking off problem, however, as you can see for yourself, it did not work. Overall, I have spent a couple of hundred dollars due to constantly having to replace the failed bulbs. Eventually, I had to switch to a different brand, one with a different connector design (picture on the right), which will never break off, but had to sacrifice on the brightness. I will not purchase anymore of the Alla Lighting T10 bulbs until the connection design is completely changed.
It worked as advertised.but the updating process was miserable.
This is one of the four bolt that hold the front skid shield in place on a 2012 Tacoma. Pricey for one bolt, but had no choice NJ dealer had none. Toyota tech stripped the two front bolts during oil change. Never said anything. Rattled like a tin can for days. Dealership didn't claim fault, stated anything could have happened to bolts, since truck is heavily modified.
As other reviewers have mentioned, the hole for the screw does not line up. I probably could have filed the key shaft to make fit better but did not want to take the time. I forced the screw and was able to close the case. The key shaft is at a slight angle to the case, but seems the be secure. Not perfect, but better than the wobbly cracked case I have been using for the past year. Cheap fix.
This kit is designed too small ,and the location is too high for the phone to place on ,I can see only half the screen.
Doesn't stick very well
Doesn't stay up securely. Very flimsy
Definitely not matte black, it's gloss but I can't be bothered returning it. Also does not Fit my 2014 GLI
replaced a worn lid and it was the right price.
The rings are plastic not metal they broke within the first 5 minutes of the install. Wish they were metal not plastic.
Wasn't really to please with this cargo liner. I know it has to come rolled up and you have to flatten it and what not but you have to force the lip of the liner to actually curve up in order to prevent slippage of whatever you might have. It also doesn't fit 100% correctly. Probably fits about 90% perfectly.
Plug works good. Had to cut/trim to fit silencer. Red ribbon is a joke and falls off due to inferior material.
Smaller and not as vivid as expected.
The steering wheel cover itself is gorgeous and fits snug... But it keeps shedding badly. I keep finding little grey hairs on my body and in my eyes.
It's just okay enough to keep... for now. The problem is that it's thin. I was imagining a thick piece of rubber, heavy, and this is certainly not that. The fit is adequate, like it fills the space well; but if I had known that it was not very heavy duty material I would have spent more money. I wish that the description had more information, such as thickness. I took a chance and lost. I won't return it. I'll keep it till it fails; which it probably will, and then i'll get a quality one. My main thought right now is disappointment. I hope this helps someone else. I will say though, a silver lining, if you are a person that needs to drag your mat out all the time to clean it, this product may be for you; since it is so light weight and flexible. I just wanted a super thick heavy duty mat that stayed put. This thing does slide around a fair bit with stuff on it.
Not as thick as i would like..somewhat thin...although you get what you pay for. I suppose for the price they are decent.
Takes a while to get it installed and lasted only three months before tears and rips start going through it
Had turn signals on the model I bought. Didn't like that.
Appears to be working. Not sure if it's as good as the claims.
The horn is smaller than I anticipated although it should still work fine for my ATV. The horn is 2.75" in diameter & the metal bracket is 2.75" x 7/8". The entire assembly is about 4" long. There are two mounting holes in the bracket, measuring 1/4" & 3/8". The metal electrical tabs are 1/4" wide. Will update post in regards to sound/performance after install.
Not the best looking, but does the job
Doesn't fit my ford explorer like stated. Great product otherwise
Look good! Not the best quality but they can do the job!
Plugged my leaking bead after a couple weeks. It took a while for it to make it's way into the leak. Plugged with no problems now. Only thing is it is out of balance and wobbles at 45 mph. If I do a lot of stop and go, the slime spreads out and then it's not so bad.
The package arrived quick with Prime 2-Day delivery. I opened the box and there were no instructions included. Luckily it was kind of easy to figure out. The adhesives that are included are very weak. I think the battery pack is probably going to detach with one average pothole. One of the magnets that came with it was cracked and pieces kept falling off. The adhesive to hold the battery wouldn't adhere to the door frame but luckily I had something stronger to hold it. The thing is, they look awesome and add a nice effect to my 2014 Jetta GLI. If they hold up for a bit I may add some to the back doors.
Ittle bit on the cheap side but they were very chea price
Decent amp for the price. But the power rating is ILS scaled. If Lightening Strikes it May hit that power. But it's pushing 2 small kicker 10s. And works good
I ordered this for a 2005 Hyundai Santa Fe GLS with the 3.5L engine, which according to the Amazon web site "check your fit" would work. However, the plastic frame that holds the fan motor/blade assembly is not a direct OEM fit and would not fit into the existing lower mounting slots and the upper bolt holes did not align. I ended up making this work by disassembling this new fan assembly and pulling the new motor out to install into the old original plastic frame. The motor fits the old frame, and then I was able to complete the repair following this additional work. I should have just ordered the bare fan motor, instead of the complete new fan assembly, and saved myself some money. Oh well, this was still cheaper than purchasing at my local auto parts store.
Only one has lights that work. Easy to assembly, but very light if touched they can tip over. But better than hitting the wall!
For the price its ok
They said when I got the it would not work on my truck but they did
HAVE NOT USED IT YET
There were no instructions, and no body tape. On the plus side, they look decent for the price
Item was returned. I did not use it.
ok. kinda cheap but will do the job
I wouldn't call this a "replacement" b/c it doesn't meet the same operations as the original mirror. It fits as in bolts and looks the same but it's not a full power mirror it doesn't power fold. I got it all the way on put my color cap on back and realized only the mirror it's self is power not the whole piece.
The rubber is a little too big..
not a solid mount for laptop, but ok for tablet
The Jump start on this only lasts a minute or two then has to cool down for a long time before you can use it again.
Beautiful. If you miss when you first stick you have to just go with it because the scales arent all one
this antenna looks good but the reception pick up is terrible
forums mentioned that this product may fit the model 3. it does not.
It was to big for my car, which is a regular size, wouldn't stick to the window so just gave it away
Love the smell of these but they seem to loose their scent quicker than in the past.
Short and to the point review. Did not works as expected (odor was still there). Then used the Fram brand of activated charcol cabin filter and the oder is gone.
It falls quite easily... The pole sections bend to much. Apart from that, as soon as you touch it the Stop will light on.
A previous posted had mentioned they are very small. She was right, they are teeny tiny. :)
I cannot say I am happy with this unit. I like the size, I like the color of the back-light, but that is where my acceptance ends. I have found it quite useless for my needs in my 4Runner. No matter where I position it, I cannot read the time without activating the back-light. The temperature gauge is in Celsius, and as an American, it doesn't mean a whole lot to me. The mounting bracket is extremely flimsy and will undoubtedly break with too much adjustment. There were no instructions in the package, but adjusting the time wasn't too difficult to figure out. The Clock is very affordable and compact. It should be perfect for my needs. Sadly the amount of effort needed to see the display means too much time with my eyes off the road, which is extremely unacceptable for me. The battery life seems to be exceptional, but time will tell. The CR2032 Battery isnt hard to find, but it also isnt very common. I have tons of them because of other interest, so it isnt an issue to replace them. The clock has potential, but I think where I need it to be is where it falls short. If you have an area in your car that isnt exposed to sunlight, then this clock should be useful. I suggest you mount it temporarily to make sure it will work in your desired location.
Love the still but quite larger Helmet than I expected . If you're looking for a scull type helmet , DOT , I don't think this is it but you may like it's size and a nice design
Has what you need for the blue spring upgrade but the included housing is a very cheap quality casing. Mine leaked immediately through the aluminum itself as the casting was poor quality and the aluminum was porous. Just put the spring and seals in my stock housing and issue was solved. The seals and spring are fine, but the housing they send is junk. Check for leaks if you don't reuse your stock housing.
The towel is super soft and works great. The only thing that I did not like is the sticker they put on it was a pain to get off. All 3 of them was a fight. Super hard to peel up and then left residue.
Straight thread not a lock
Heats up great, easy to install. A big concern, however, is the button. It is very small - hard to operate in winter gloves and is not waterproof. So, installing it in a location exposed to water may be problematic. Another thing is the harness does not have a fuse, so make sure to install it in a way that won't set your bike on fire.
Perform alright, the get hung up about 80% of the way to full extension. Better then my worn out ones some I'm happy.
These are all easy to install, but this model is far too long. When I hook my safety chains to links on cover it sits on top of hitch, Not as picture shows. Appears well made but I will never know longevity.
Must use glue to attach to car.
helmet is good, some of the material on the inside comes apart very quickly,
just a tad bit brighter than the oem halogen bulbs , its better to just save the money and get a better brand like morimoto or gtr lighting that has a better light output over oem , but if you just want to replace the oem bulbs then yea these will work just fine and be only a tad bit brighter than oem
Bought this pump because it use D cell battery, thinking it would be more powerful, but it doesn't seem to pump as good as the one I bought with two double a batteries and it is noisy and doesn't pump quite as well.
Poor instructions that came with the product. They had appeared to be copies of a copy. Some of the washers were not present. Thank goodness for YouTube. I am convinced these are a knock off of sorts. The hinge pin has started to vibrate loose. I will remove the lock and replace with the original latch. Great original design. Definitely not worth the price.
The smell is great and the design is sleek. Very modern. The smell does not last as long as I had hoped. Even with only opening it when leaving the car and closing it when occupying the vehicle.
Lights ate nice but the wire is poor quality
Great value but one tie rod was defective
Protects propane tanks from road debris. Just wish there was a way to lock it to the rack without a bungee cord.
I purchased this for my husband's car which only has one cup holder it was a gift for Christmas. It's pretty sturdy and is what I wanted BUT I'm sad to say he's been using it for less than a month and look at how it's already showing wear! (pics 2 & 3). If this wasn't already showing signs of wear I would have probably given it 5 stars. He has a nice Nissan 370Z so if this get too bad we'll just end up throwing it away. I wished they would have built it to be more durable.
Its designed to work with a pressure washer system but if you just leave a couple parts out it hooks up to a standard garden hose. It works just as advertised, but it just doesn't work as well or as fast as using a kitchen mop and bucket of soapy water which is my standard technique.
Great product for mt high mileage truck
You get what you pay for. Pieces don't fit together very well. Hopefully it doesn't fall off while driving.
The covers are pretty thin. I thought they would be more substantial.
One is blue and the other isn't
It hasn't even been a year yet with it and it already got a crack on it.
Shipped cracked, half empty. Shipping box looked good, product like pics.
These are great Microfiber cleaning cloths. But definitely not lint-free. Used them on my phone and tablet screen, as well during car wash. They are not lint-free in my case. Most of the time they will leave something on my car and tablet screen. I guess these are still good, budget cleaning cloths but not high quality or perfect.
Seems sturdy. Is longer and taller than I would like.
So far this product has been great and has really been doing its job. The negative side to this and Amazon's Vehicle Garage feature, is that it doesn't always "fit your vehicle" as Amazon states. This took major modifications to fit my car and I ended up having to cut out the entire back row middle part so the two bucket foot pads could actually fit. I am happy with the durability and how well it works, just not happy at how much cutting and modifying I had to do.
Like all the reviews have said, it's dimmer then stock, but hey it's a lot whiter then stock.
Slides back too far which leaves an opening for stuff to fall through.
Guess I was expecting too much
I bought this for a friend. So I won't say anything about it.
This antenna looks fantastic on my truck and is MUCH more appealing to look at than the stock whip antenna. However, you can definitely tell it can use some improvement from a performance standpoint. Stations that would come in crystal clear are now "fuzzy" and some stations come in and out where they were solid before. I typically use Spotify or Apple Music so it isn't as big of an issue, but I will definitely hold on to my stock antenna for any long road trips.
I initially bought this to protect my key from dents and scratches. It is nice and replicates the Mercedes Key Fob except for one function. The Mercedes Key Fob has a special key that pulls out so that you can lock your glove box. Also, the special key has a hole at the top so you can add a key ring for your house key or other important keys that you may need on your keychain. I didn't end up using it and was planning on returning because I realized that when I go to my mailbox, I have to shut the car off to gain access to the mailbox key. This key fob needs an opening at the top so you can access the glove box key and have access to your keyring.
pricy for what it is . So far my Son likes then.
Doesn't cover the windshield well enough on a 2018 Explorer. A bit cumbersome to install & remove. If I need to buy another one, I'll go back to the wire framed one that folds up.
They worked for my grom
Literally smells like bleach and vanilla. Doesn't last long at all either. The smell is 90% faded within 2 days and random whiffs after that.
Box came completely open, need answer why. Won't respond on previous review maybe you will now
not crazy about it suction is less than i expected
So far so good. Its a radiator cap tho.. it doesnt leak, the truck isnt overheating, i dont know what else to say.
Design is ok but it is not worth the price charged.
Too small for my wife. Returning for bigger size. Otherwise it's a nice vest. Looks to be well made with quality leather.
Wasn't as plush and soft as the picture looks bt still ok.
Does the job it was designed for. Grossly overpriced. It's a simple plastic screw cap bottle with two holes drilled in the top and inserts installed plus a length of inexpensive plastic hose. Has a mass market magnet, probably about 25 cents, attached with a 2 cent pop rivet. Handy, convenient and not worth the ridiculous price.
2018 F150 lots of trimming needed to get a proper fit under bed rail. Zippers will scratch up the bed badly over time. Nice material and will do what is designed to do but not as simple and drop in as I would have liked.
I am returning these as they didn't lift our 2002 Tahoe tailgate properly. It was very slow and there was a grinding sound coming from the lifts. I will opt for a more expensive and hopefully higher quality lift. I ordered this same brand for my daughter's Mazda 6 trunk and they worked great. i think the tailgate on the Tahoe is just a bit too heavy for these.
I had to go through almost the entire bag to find bulbs that actually worked.
Cute, but the little metal connectors to keep the seat cover in place didnt work very well. I ended up rigging it with a large paper clip.
Started to fade and crack
These look great and fit well. One has moisture after 1 week. I will dry them out and seal the seams. I would buy again but seal them before install.
Appeared to be a good quality light. Did not seem to work well being installed on my Ryker. It seemed as though the high beams and low beams were switched. Customer service was very good. They sent me a different style bulb. I have installed them but have not tested them at night. Overall good quality and if it works for your application it will be a very good quality bulb for you.
I ordered the blue accented cover based upon reviews. The one I received was not like the one in the picture (check out my product photo). It lost two stars for bring delivered the wrong product, however the product I received was a good value.
It works but is very loud
wrench should be off set to work on my bmw had to remove parts just to use wrench
The removal of the plug from the outlet was quite a job. Poor quality?
Too small. Does not fit Mercedes benz
Clip is very heavy cover needed trimming
They are much thinner and lightweight than I anticipated. They look good, but I would have preferred them to be a little more heavy duty.
Arrived quick, easy to install. However, I had to return it, because the switch for the passenger window must of been wired backwards. When you push the button up, the widow rolls down. Also, it would unlock the doors but not lock them.
I tried a medium. The arms were too short and the abdomen area was huge - I simultaneously looked like I was wearing my dad's and my son's clothes. I returned it.
There is a lot of conflicting information about whether these were different than the factory speakers, these were the same for me, and sound equally horrible.
Was excited to use the travel case that came with it until I realized it didn't even have a zipper. It was also pretty difficult to start the vacuum for the first time because there was a piece of plastic blocking me from using the on switch.
Seals and Protects water well. To get cap loop into place you must remove assembly from trailer
Died to quickly and had a few defective bulbs
It worked when I installed it on March...it's almost July and it doesn't work anymore. In the process of trying to get it replaced under their 1 year warranty.
Ordered for a very good friend...He must have liked them he asked me to reorder again.
Parts seem to be of good quality for the price however you have to do some serious playing around to get the up pipes collector and turbo to mate with the pedastal properly . Even with the motor out of the truck it was a pain . With some patience and having to re align everything once the motor went back in I got it.
wish it would telescope
Were very pleased with the rack as it fit good on our RV
The signal is not good for long distance
In the picture it shows all these functions. But they are just pictures. They do not work. The more expensive one is the working model.
Fit is just okay. Better than the Dodge OEM mats.
Bright yes, way better than stock. BUT, in door mode it has a slight glow on the map and dome lights. So new led lights are turned on or off manually, not left in door mode. 2014 xterra. If they turned off on door mode, 5 stars.
Good quality but did not fit my 2019 Toyota Corolla.
They look good buy the little tiny spring that is used for the latch breaks very easily and could be solved of you drilled a hole all the way through for a pin and spring.
Claims are overstated but it does a temporary repair. Great color match.
I know looks can be deceiving, however the photo on line is definitely prettier than what is acutally received. the hues are softer online. If you want a brighter vibrant look, than this will work. the plate cover is very thin metal that came bent. Although it could probably work I feel it will cheapen the look of my vehicle. So I will be returning.
Quality not what I had hoped for.
Didn't work in our car. My father in law bought a car for the time he was visiting and then leaving it for our teenagers. He smoked in it for 3 months he was here. The bomb has a pleasant scent to me, but seemed to only mask the smoke smell for a couple of weeks. Granted I have only used one. I will try again with the hopes that it will eliminate the smell like it did for others.
one lyft light has 2 springs for one battery therefore i cant use it because its defective and lyft is the main one i need!!!! it cost to much to send it back.
Product works well but expected more as already have a power bank same size and that one put this to shame. I know this is also meant to jump start a car but still. This one will be lucky if lasts a day before needs recharge if use as power bank. I would recommend having this as backup in case of but wouldn't rely on having this with you daily.
Looks good, but feel a little different than the one used before. I will see after I install it on my car.
For the price I can't complain too much. Fabric is quite thin but I'm not looking to protect from anything other than the sun. I don't have faith it'll last too long in the AZ heat tho
I just got my replacement toilet for my camper and the handle to flush toilet is broken off. I leave for vacation so I guess I have too try using it. Just might want to package different.
I received different Bulbs than what was shown online - I thought I was receiving the bulbs with multi leds and received the bulbs which only have 2 leds.
I like the tonneau cover as it seems nice and solid and fit my truck as expected. The only issue I have is that you need a bulkhead weather strip if you don't have a drop-in bedliner. The paperwork in the kit says that one is included for the width of your bed. It actually came with one that was about 1/2 the width of the bed for some reason. I reached out to customer service via email 8 days ago to try to get one with no response. Lock washers were also not included. Decent product, but not good customer service.
Not what I expected .. not great quality.
Not exact fit had to modify
These look awesome...the foam feels nice, they don't fog..but they also hit every trigger point around my eyebrow ridge and under eye soft flesh that give me a splitting headache in about 15 seconds. Gotta send them back. Let's see if their listed "free return for prime" actually works.
Its fine and looks like OEM ..
Don't know if they will last. They seem cheap and have lots of frayed ends and loose threads. Time will tell.....
The shape isn't great for my 2017 RAM 2500 with the 8ft bed. The corners of the cover are a bit longer than the corners of the bed. Also, the clamps come undone regularly and the cover slides a bit. I have two other similar covers on different work trucks and they don't shift as much as this one. They are also shorter bed trucks, so maybe it's a physics issue. Overall quality is on par for the price. I would like a different clamping solution for the middle section though. It's almost impossible to open and not tear up the end panel.
While I LOVE the look, one of the screw covers came cracked. I asked for a replacement cover rather than an entire replacement and never got any answer. Very disappointed about that.
They are unnoticeable on my jeep :(
It was ok,, had literally HAMMER the ball into the bracket,
I ordered one set, somehow got billed for two, then was sent four sets.
This was the very best design I could find for my needs. Nothing else came close. I always need tissues, and I use the two little compartments underneath 4 small water bottles and mints for my Rideshare passengers. Unfortunately, the seams of the pockets were not sewn securely. If the rear seat was folded down, or a passenger wasn't paying attention, the pockets ripped easily. For a long time, I simply stapled the sides of the pockets back to the body of the piece every time they came off. It was a temporary fix, but with the risk of people scratching themselves on Staples. Eventually I just threw it away.
was not an exact fit around my headlights but fit great everywhere else and easy to install.
No bent corners as previously reported. The odd thing is I was fully expecting it to be painted black as picture. It is red, if introducing another color to your garage decor is an issue you might want to clarify what color you're getting with the seller.
the battery has to be unplug and connected every tiem you used it
2 of these stopped working after 2 months, they just constantly flicker. The rest are still working fine and I like that the light is truly white and not blue.
Not an easy project if you have more complicated lights. I couldn't get it to wrap around the bends without bubbling despite applying heat like the YouTube demos show. I eventually had to tear it off after 30 mins of frustration and didn't have enough material to try again.
The product would easily be a 5 star, but way it's shipped is ridiculous. It's packed in a cardboard box that is 5 times the volume it should be with no insulation to keep it from bouncing/moving around during the shipping process. I had to send the first unit back because the eyes were all bent from the shipping process. The second one arrived with 3 gashes to its polyurethane coating, but the eyes were intact. I ended up keeping the second unit, but it was far from perfect condition. If only the seller would ship it better, this would be a good buy.
Dark powder to blacken the wheels to much too soon
The brake parts arrived quickly and I delivered them to a part time mechanic. I have to assume that they were OK because he never complained to me.
This particular key is not the same metal as the Honda key my dealership sold so they said it was too soft for their key machine. They coded it for me but wouldn't cut it for me.
Wrong size, my fault
Easy to install and seems to work excellent helps out lot trying to get in my Jeep
This was not the battery for this unit - not sure what we did wrong. Vendor refunded the purchase price without an argument which we've come to expect from Amazon vendors. We still don't have one but will find one locally before hurricane season begins this year.
OK for the price, but not durable. Bolts came with the product but no star type allen-wrench to fit...
So far the starter motor belt is too wide and would not fit into the pulley correctly. Everything else in the package seemed to be reasonably good.
I really wanted to like this thing, but even in just the smallest amount of light, this was unreadable--too dim making it a distraction when trying to focus on the display. Perhaps others have had better luck, and maybe it was the angle of my truck windshield. At night it looked great and worked well as long as you use the included window film, but I did not buy it for nighttime only, so it went back. Three stars for working great at night.
Got this by UPS came in and it was damaged not really packaged right I had a little problem getting my money back but eventually after making many phone calls I did the only thing was they told me why did I return it it was broken and I thought the company could lease get that money back from the company who packaged it dig get another radiator paid a little more but it was packaged a lot differently had Styrofoam protecting that area thank you for returning my money
Loved the various types of connectors and the price. Net itself is flimsy and doesn't stretch tight. Elastic too loose
Definitely wasn't for a 2015 Jeep Wrangler. One of the holes were placed wrongly.
So for so good ,definitely very bright and perfect fit on y 04 silverado, will update this in few days right now I will give it a 3 1/2 star rating
Doesn't last as long as the competitors. I prefer a slightly matte finish also, but even buffing this with a rag left it shiny.
Only negative is that is not very bright
I like the fact that the frame is hard rubber. it you bump something it will protect the car. However, when screwed in it doesn't lay flat.
Wrong one for my car. But decent quality
I bought this product to help prevent punctures in our pleather from getting worse, thanks to the cat. They weren't big. I bought the black because it appeared that it would have a shine similar to our chairs. As far as smoothing out the puncture and possibly preventing it from getting worse it appears to work well. I feel like it's better than it was before. As for matching though, our new chairs now appear to have a grey film on them that makes it look more like they were hand me downs. I've tried this on two different types of chairs with the same results. When I contacted the company they offered to send me something darker and in exchange please leave a positive review. I never got any other product from them and In not sure what could have been darker than black, so I guess I'm just happy that the tears don't get worse at this point.
Did not fit 2000 Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo. Bolt pattern on motor mount brackets to door are off. Had to use some old hardware and cut another bolt. Unit does operate ok. Quality not OEM of course but works.
Very light duty material, somewhat disappointing but still useable.
The driver side turn signal mount was not correct had to make it work. Otherwise easy to install look great
I really like the way these valve caps looks and was excited to get them on my truck. However, when I put them on, they were too short and did not cover the whole stem. I ended up not using them, but am using the key chain. It's well made and also looks good.
Product goes on nice, but I wouldn't paint over bare steel or without any thing else over the top. I have some rust already coming through.
They powered the back up power supply for 6 months.After being dormant for 5 months it will not power on. I will buy a new unit for $80 - $100 rather than get a one year service from these $40 one year wonders.
Only had for a couple months and one of them is already starting to unravel.
Doesn't fit the rear license plate on a 3rd Generation Tacoma. Probably works fine on the front but I don't run a front plate here.
They work if you solder the connections, otherwise no matter what they make bad connection. so hyperflash one time good the next after a few bumps.
Didn't work at all kept coming loose
Worked but barely. I'm not sure why there isn't a specific cap for the Honda's but this is supposed to be the universal cure. I just used it with pressure no fluid and it did ok. Just watch the level of the master cylinder closely and add fluid often. Toss the chains, they are useless. I used a c clamp to hold it on.
The control arms works well. However, the mounting brackets are out of spec. so i had to take a little off the top of the bracket to get them to fit properly.
Buy a generic one. Good quality but how you mount the winch determines if this will fit. Will only fit one way.
Bought for my ls1 swapped s10 but the mounting bolts are standard thread not metric like they should be.
It went right on! Then it fell right off.
The front ones don't stick in bottom corners well by side mirrors so rain still comes through
I use it as a disposable container for cigars while using my golf cart. I wouldn't use to hold cigars while moving.
This is a very convenient thing to have. The keypad started to wear out after about a year so they really need to work on that. We just left it on the fifth wheel we traded in and I would get another one if they were more durable.
Passenger side mirror arrived on time. Box was damaged, top was open and torn. Product seemed to be OK despite the box damage. Mirror is a nice heavy solid part very much like the original. The driver side mirror arrived a day earlier and was perfect. No box damage, nice product. Mounted on the GMC cargo van perfectly. Thank you.
Haven't used the product, but it really bothers me when a product is showed in a big container but the container is only half full. False advertisement. Moo
The front seats fit OK, and the TWO floor mats are great. But NONE of the seat covers allow for the headrests.( I specifically put in the year & model to obtain the appropriate seat covers ) Even my 2002 Honda came with holes for the headrests. Suggestions to correct this ? And the 2nd row seat covers also cover the seat belts.
Installed the air lift 5000 this morning and install went very easily until I added air pressure and discovered an air leak in the top of one bag,not at a fitting. Next step is to contact air lift for replacement. We'll see how it goes
Automatic wIndow will not stay closed to seal the adhesive strip as instructions stated. Other than that it was a good fit.
Basically it worked but the handle snapped in two after a week. It's made from the most brittle metal I've ever seen and full of porosity. I had to upgrade shortly after buying this one.
Not a perfect fit. But does the job
Good case, good assortment, good price. Didn't have the GM fasteners I was hoping it did (I didn't know what I needed before I ordered), but I'm sure the kit will come in handy someday.
These are alright quality a few of mine had some defects, but did not leak.
Kind of cheap and flimsy but they do the job.
The lights don't go quite as dim as I'd like. But they do dim smooth without any flicker. The problem is they make my led lights hum. I switched out my lights for smaller lights and they still hum but not as bad. Other than that though it works good.
I intended to keep this kit in my Jeep for on-the-trail repairs. The collection of drivers is spot on. The storage bag, however, is insufficient. It's not even a bag, which suggests that all sides are covered. There is only weak elastic holding heavy, metal parts in place and two sides are just open. When I received this, all but one of the drivers were loose in the shipping box.
Ordered this for my 2002 Tahoe. It would have gotten 5 stars, but the wiring harness doesn't match. If you have the same issue and don't want to return the item, cut the connector off the old mirror and add it into the wires on the new mirror. All you do is match up the blue, green, red and black wires. Panel will work on the door and mirror will move like it should when trying to adjust.
I love these mats but the way they packed them was super inconvenient. They are held together & pierced with giant thick staples. So there are now holes in my mats. All four pieces are stapled together & it was so hard to remove them without damaging the mats even more.
These are a bit snug around the seat belt so they don't easily slide back up the belt when you unbuckle.
Does not fit tight on a GMC truck but does keep material out of the tailgate slot
Shipped quickly and I love the material. Super durable. The reason I gave it 3 stars is because it doesn't make it clear that the middle seat-belt on cars with shoulder strap belts will not work as there is no pass-through. For a middle seat that uses a lap -style belt, you're going to be OK
Highbeam looks like nothing but low beam is nice and bright
They will work fine. But you may need to grind or cut the bushing sleeves to fit , and if on the front of a bug they need to be collapsed about 3 inches to install .[most people not that strong]. They will fit ,but not a direct install.
Looks awesome!! Just make sure you dont go thru the car wash with it on... Plastic skull was pulled off :-( Order another one tho.
The item was delivered, I received both items and I had to pay shipping and custom duty along with VAT. I and in the Bahamas and my Freight forwarder is in Miami. The second item was sent with no charge to me from Amazon but I have to pay the shipping I'm handing from Florida to Nassau Bahamas along with the customs duty on value-added tax. Just need someone to contact me in reference to the way forward oh how you would like for me to return the item. Please advise
The size is nice but when moving it in my trunk, I ripped the Velcro strap right off so I can't change the size if I want to. Kind of cheap. If this doesn't hold up I'll spend some money for the next one.
First time i ever bought headlights for a car and these were amazing. I love the color and the brightness it gives off. However, i purchased 5 months ago and i now have one light doesn't work.
the glue did not adhere to the fender long enough to pull the dent out the dent is about the size of a silver dollar the finish of the fender is very smooth I probably need a stronger glue is that the problem?
The lights are perfect, but they didn't less me that long. The bulbs are not as bright now, and one of them is almost not working.
Received the third row set instead of this one. Excellent Customer service and received my refund, did not had to return the one received.
The cover is very thin. It offers little protection other than keeping dust off of the car. It fits good and seller followed through with promt delivery
Still trying to figure how to make this work in my camper. My first attempt was not successful.
Used for detailing the car. It works well.
The unit has a big mirror and a small mirror for blind spots. The big mirror is magnified and hard to see traffic. They should hav made it like the original one. Fits perfectly.
Works well for the price. It does not have any way to secure the bottom around the seat or to the seatback, so it moves while I drive. The zipper is also very cheap and does not zip smoothly. I needed a quick fix, and it does the job well enough.
Not impressed. With the supplied hardware, the pads don't fit into OEM calipers. You would either have to file the pads down or to buy a hardware set (clips) from NAPA or Ford and use it instead of the supplied set (NAPA clips worked fine).
This is great little tool. It can almost any dust or dirt from the car. It is small so my kid can handle it very well and to be good helper. Great buy great value. Highly recommend!
In theory, these would be great. But they honestly do not work with the factory screws that VW has inside the lens housing. These will push off of the bulb and your light will not be secured properly. It takes a lot of bending to get these to work properly.
Installed easily with adapter for ford f150. Problem is in getting the right setting for the sharing of load on brakes to tow vehicle. Towed 5000 lb RV trailer and when had adequate stop would cause excessive jerking when backing up. Lowered for back up and when driving could feel tow vehicle having increased responsibility for braking.
Love the leather and the keychain is made pretty well! Bought one set for me and one for my girlfriend. She really likes hers as well. Great size for a keychain. And really enjoy the personalization with the car logos on them. Logos and metal haven't faded or rubbed off, etc. The carabiner seems to be a little on the weak side since mine has bent twice already. When that happens, the clip will spring out the other way so let's could fall off. But usually I just have to bend it back into place. Takes a good amount of effort, but once you put it back, it seems to stay for a while.
Cost is higher than other cleaners
Bright but does not illuminate the road like the stock halogen bulbs on the 4Runner.
I bought this product solely because of the price. Installation went smoothly as expected, but the running lights do not work when all the wires are connected. The power to the light is fine and the running lights work - only when it's the only wire connected. Once turn/brake wires are connected, the running lights no longer work. I researched for hours trying to find and answer and found nothing. Never received any information on how to contact the company or the seller incase of any issues. Looks great and I like it, just bummed about the running lights. You get what you pay for I guess.
Seems smaller once it is in the car. Didn't work for my Tahoe but was perfect between car seats in my husband's Accord.
Just like everyone said, one is tighter fit than the other. I use the one to hammer the tight fit one in place then Lower the drive. It is good enough for me and I'm oretty happy with it.
Sent wrong product. Got money returned but ended up buying local.
Received the items quickly and they were packaged well. I was disappointed when I saw the spark plug had a significant amount of rust and corrosion on it. It isn't worth it to pay for the entire return shipping to have it resolved with Amazon but it is not acceptable either. Wish there was a way to let the vendor know about the spark plug and get a replacement???
Works great! Super bright. But it does not fit properly where old Airstream light was. Had to make new holes.
Tie rod sleeve bolts strip out very easy, soft metal. The sway bar link bushings are also very soft and will rip if tightened to much. The long spacer in the sway bar link is about an inch shorter then stock and will not work. So far everything else has installed fine. Haven't really put it to the test yet.
There is nowhere to effectively install these on a 2018 Ford F150 due to the curvature of the door panels. May fit a straight type of door panel, but none with cup holders in the door or storage slots. With that said. They do shine bright and look good at night. I am sure if you are willing to drill a hole in an 600.00 dollar door panel for a 10 dollar aftermarket piece, you will be fine.
Did not fix the problem
It works very well except I did not touch any mold on the vinyl. It need to be stronger to clean off road.
We love this but the handle popped off the third time we used it. No big deal we are just careful with how we hold it.
Amazon said it would fit. Didn't fit my vehicle, 1992 Dodge Dakota ... had to make it work by adding pieces from old dipstick.
fit fine but no instructions and all markings in Chinese
Easy to install but they do not shine out as far as in wanted them to.
They ok, but keep in mind that these are PEEL -N- STICK, so there is a chance that you may lose one going down the HWY at 45mph after about a month.
Washed my car with this and its mostly hot and sunny here in arizona. so when i applied this and it dried it would leave dry water spots i dont know why. But it smells really good it just didnt work for me.
Pretty decent headlights. Not too bright as they state. Also i own a 2016 Chrysler 300C so i had to buy that extra adapter thing pacakge which was a little more expensive, thing is my headlights still flicker from time to time. I thought they were suppost to be one of the best headlight set...
Fit over my 8mm wires with 90 degree boots on each end. They did however turn black when only slightly touching headers....
It is okay not sure we really needed it but it is well made and price was fair
When I first got this I was delighted with the quilted finish and the thickness of the cover. However, the straps that hold the cover up at the back by looping around the headrests, have come apart. The part of the strap that is adjustable just came unthreaded. Now the cover is just falling down on the seat back. Not good. Maybe I got a defective one. Waiting to hear from the company. I have high hopes this can be fixed and will adjust my review if I can!
Item is functional BUT SHORT. Will need to replace.
Didn't work. Despite following the instructions on the site and trying them for over an hour; never worked for me, maybe it will work for someone else.
Expensive for a price of metal. Missing the mounting screws A nut have for mounting the trailer antenna on a rubber roof
Was really bowed but it fit. The tabs for the mounting slots were off a touch, had to bend them a smidgen to get them to line up. Came with new e-clips, and mounting stud so that was a plus.
It's ok. Fits well, and offers more space without reaching too far
These clips get the job done. The only shortcoming is that two hands (at least for me) are needed to operate them. I would prefer to have the clips remain in the open position as opposed to needing to hold the clips in the open position to insert the glasses. Overall they work and get the job done.
I really wanted this to work well but it didn't live up to my expectations. It certainly helps, but does not give the floor mats a "like new" look. I'll use it until it runs out, but I don't think it cleans any better than an all purpose cleaner and it is not worth it for the price. I used a brush and really scrubbed the mats and still could not get them really clean.
These looked great but did not last on my tires for more than a couple of weeks. May have been my fault for just kind of putting them on straight out of the package, so I would recommend following any instructions that come with the stickers very carefully to insure durability.
The second day after installing it my engine like came on and the throttle stopped working. I also had another light come on which meant throttle is going bad. Took it off and after leaving it off for 1 hour all of the light and codes went away. Apart from that, I could tell a big difference may need updating.
Worked great, but one battery died in 2 days of little use and battery cost almost as much as remote key
I installed these on my bike, on the first ride they vibrated so much it drove me nuts, when i got home I figured i didn't have the bolts tight enough so i tried to snug them up to get rid of the vibration.... I ended up snapping the plastic.
I don't know why they don't sell these as a pair. Now I have to pay double shipping and handling. We'll see how they work when the second one gets here.
Product worked for what it was intended for. Very hard to figure out which way they were supposed to be installed! Very difficult install.. had to use small screwdriver to slide into socket. Instructions would have been nice, as well as a tab or something to grab ahold of while turning them to lock them in place..
Off position is not tight n can turn too far n still remove the key but acc is still on. You have to be sure it's off n the acc is off
I enjoyed the 3 days I got to use them they are very bright but half of the less when's out on one bulb I don't see a warranty section or disclaimer so I guess I'm out my money will not buy again unless helped
I order this in Amazon and I got this item in Walmart box. I was really confused...how come its a Walmart box. I still have that box..if you want photos.
Makes cleaning face of rims easier but bristles are a little soft where it doesn't remove the stubborn grime
I like how these can be ordered with keyed alike - very helpful. However, I did not realize that you have to have the key IN the lock to pop it back on the hitch pin. Which, to be honest, can be a bit of a pain (at least with my hitch setup and angles).
They look great; however, you get what you pay for. One of the cracked and already fell off my tire. Be careful when putting them on so they won't crack!
I put these on my 2009 GMC Sierra. The install wasn't bad and it took about 3 hours. I know some reviews said it could be done in an hour but I have to assume they were working in a garage with a lift and had power tools. Between breaking the rusted bolts loose and crawling around under the truck to run the lines, there's no way I could have done it much faster. The air lines that came with the shocks were plenty long enough for my install. They gave me 10 feet of line and I used 6. The shocks held pressure for about a week and then popped a line out. During the install, I noticed that I could pull one of the lines after I thought I had tightened the nut down enough so I tightened it harder. That wasn't the one that popped out so I'd recommend you check each fitting well during the install. I should have gone back and checked them all when I found that one but didn't. You should tighten it down and give the line a good tug to try to pull it out. If it comes out, put it back and tighten it more. When you think they're all good, put at least 100 pounds of pressure on them and see if they hold. I did that to all of them after the line popped and they held. I'll update my review if they pop out again. Monroe should definitely improve the air line connections. To me, that's the big issue with these. It's really tough to tell whether you have them tight enough and it feels like it's hit or miss for whether they'll hold air for a long time because of that.
NO REALLY PROTECTIVE IN MY OPINION BUT I LVE THE LOOK AND HOW WEIGHTLESS IT IS COMPARED TO OTHERS I HAVE.
you would think for a product advertised for concealed carry they would have paid more attention to the seams in the pockets. they are in desperate need of being reinforced.....i bought 5 vests for the guys in my hunting club and 3 already have ripped out. we are having a leather seamstress add the needed leather and reinforced stitching to fix problem but if you do not want your gun hanging out the bottom of the vest all of a sudden and dont want to pay someone to fix it right i would advise looking for a better made vest.
I had to do some engine work a while back and man oh man did this oil smell awful. It stank up my whole garage. Other than that though it's not a bad oil.
The pictures show it painted, it is not actually painted so it will quickly gather surface rust and look less than ideal. Gasket quality is not great, they leaked immediately.
fits large hard to find right size it seems like all the sizes run very large can't find a true small
Worked great as replacements for dome lights on my 2019 Ascent. However I only gave 3 stars because only 7 of the 10 lights worked.
Not very good. Not so strong. It's about average. Not exactly for 2008 Honda Civic
The kink resistant hose came pre-kinked. I was able to use it after I put a hose clamp around the kink to hold it open. Didn't work so well for me. Next year I'm going invest in a kit to hook up to the electric water pump. The blow out attachment is a waste of time, luckily I have a brass one.
Products are OK based on price. Problem i that after a few uses the ink used to indicate the pressure wears away. I solved that by using sharpie to mark the normal tire pressure for my car. Next time I think I will try ordering something a bit more expensive. Hopefully they will be more sturdy.
Not real heavy duty but it works.
Cheap. Should have trusted the reviews
First of all, I thought WeatherTech was made in the USA!! Wrong!! Designed in the USA but made in Germany!! That is not American made in my book!! Be that as it may, I have had a 1992 C/K 2500 Chevrolet extended cab and a 2011 2500 HD Extended Cab Chevrolet that I had WeatherTech Side Window Deflectors that fit really well. These 2018 deflectors for my Chevrolet 2500 HD Crew Cab do not fit as well or as nice as the previous ones!! Not super flush and tight like older ones. I hope I don't have any problems with these in the future as I just installed them today. I feel the quality in the looks department is not designing for a perfect trim and neat fit as older ones?? Maybe older ones were manufactured in the USA?? Just wanted to let people know. Still seem to be a decent product, just not as neat and pretty a fit as older models?? Made In Germany!! C-mon!!
2018 Ford Raptor- intended to buy the inline visors, but decided to go ahead and install these. Product seems pretty frail but i guess it wont be taking much abuse. The fitment wasnt great , lot of bowing and pretty gaudy look. Taking these off and going with inline deflectors from weathertech.
Nice item but very thin hose
Ive been running one of these on my dodge for a while now and it wasnt until I tried the wix filter that I realized how small this one is in comparison. It still worked, and for some trucks you wont be able to fit anything bigger, but if you have a 12v cummins you can fit the wix which is a monster. Still a good filter though. Lasted a long time. No complaints.
Smells good, but the smell doesn't last long and I had to transfer it to a different spray bottle because it leaks so badly
Did not fit, had to return it.
One of the bolts won't stop tightening. It is pulling itself right through the rubber. Other than this issue, it fits great over the cable, well a little loose. Does not fit over the metal where the cable has been doubled and crimped together.
Wish it had cupped left and right edges.
The different add ones to make it fir my gear shift where so cheap and still didn't work had to use electrical tape so it didn't spin!
Didn`t work for my application but nice looking. had to return
A poorly packed box arrived leaking oil. You had one job Mr shipper ... you put the packing bubbles on the bottom of the jug instead of on the top. Doh!
I suggest having an experienced tech install them or look online for instructions to get it right the first time. springs made my ride very stiff.
Works well for it's intended purpose, but i'm no fan of the new can designs. It seems the design to avoid spills only introduces ways to have more spills when you are pouring and it surges all the time.
Not great quality but functional and does the work. Will buy it again if it last some descent time.
This just wasn't what I personally needed. Was hoping for more cushioning. I really think it's a person-by-person like/dislike.
Not that great...they don't stick well and they move around all the time and they're pretty complicated to clean!
Wasn't really what i expected. The covers won't stay on the seats especially the back one.
My 1st cover was defective. Amazon took it back no questions asked. Thank you Amazon! The customer service rep. at Truxedo, that I talked to, thinks that their company is incapable of error. They insisted it was my error. The cover seemed to be cut unevenly and when I squared the front rail, the back was out of square and vice versa. The 2nd one I ordered I had no issues with except for one small installation glitch. Other people have commented on this. Here's the fix; Before installing the side rails, make sure the fabric is perfectly centered, from side to side, on the front rail. My rating of 3 stars is for my total experience with Truxedo. In the end, I'm happy with the product and would recommend it.
Eventually the clips that hold it on weaken and it falls off. Needs a different attachment system.
this works but is kind of flimsy and light. this gets the job done for my needs but i dont know how accurate it is.
I give this a 3 star because the price is phenomenal, but, the rear back has no support and is beyond flimsy. I installed all of them on my 09 Kawasaki custom and ultimately removed the rear bag, the fork bag, and the windshield bag so the price I paid to have the remaining ones is still a very good bargain.
Used this on a trip from to Florida from the Midwest...about 1400 miles total. We did encounter some heavy rain and the few things we had in the cargo bag stayed dry....so that part worked. My disappointment came in unloading it after getting to Florida and seeing all the small tears and scuffs on the top of the bag. None of our items had sharp edges or anything...this seems to be caused by the wind beating against our bag during the drive. The picture is just of one area...it was like this in several other areas on the bag as well. Pretty disappointing considering the cost of the bag and that this is the PREMIUM model. It did keep our stuff dry but as far as longevity and how many uses I will get it doesn't seem to hold up. Just my experience so you know what to expect.
It didn't hold onto the plug so I had to use a magnet and it wasn't long enough to reach a couple of the plugs that were deep in the heads but works well just takes some rigging
My original came in totally wrong. Amazon refunded my money and re-sent me another order at half price which was missing 2 of the smaller items.
Looks really nice but it is smaller than the indented area for the emblem. A few mm around the edges. Would be great if it fit flush for being 45$
It works but the usb plug is straight instead 90 degree angle one as the original cigaret charger cable. The straight plug is too high to fit the gap between the mirror and car celing. I have to cut this one and original cable and change it to 90degree angle plug.
Battery only lasted a few months. Worked well before that.
Did not repair the crack in the windshield
Only used it a little for small job and appears to hold well. Patched a small hole on mower deck. Make sure you have bear metal.
I'm getting a little bit mpg more but no horse power gains. Alright for the money but was wanting more on the Performance side
The nozzle needs to be set to a narrow point for efficiency, but then it takes forever because you clean with is only 1/2â€ at most.. Also, cheap plastic, the wand hose is too rigid and the reel for electric cord is plastic crap.
This cover is very stiff, not flexible. Very hard to put on. I put it out in the sun for a few hours hoping to soften it up to be able to stretch over the steering wheel, but it made no difference. It is large and makes the steering wheel bulky. Some of the stitching is pulling out after just a few days.
Snaps right off when trying to clean windshield wish it was a little stronger.
If you're buying this to just replace the fob part and you don't need the actual metal it will take some ingenuity and glue to get it to fit a 2013 Mitsubishi Lancer ES key. The original top of the key is shaped differently from the replacement even though the description says it will fit a 2013 Lancer, other than that fast shipping, good quality.
looked cheap in person but does the job
Should be durable enough for inside use Size 4 was supposed to fit my 1956 chevy sedan. It won't hook under the bumpers. It's too short. Maybe need the next size up. Will be returning .
They look decent, very low profile and good quality material. Fit was less than ideal, in fact I would say poor. The "wings" (flat tabs on ends) are too long, in seemingly random order. RF is cut poor, leaving the tab that goes between rubber gasket and mirror plate too long. LR forward tab too long, offsetting the "bulge" in the window opening. Tabs all around the body are too long, leaving the bulge shape appearing to float in the frame, offset and misaligned, leaving portions of the tape exposed. LR does not align level with the LF, giving a staggered appearance.. I've found that this is because the tabs are cut too long and the "bulge" is prevented from sitting deeper in the frame opening. All in all, after some sanding of the tab edges, I was able to get them to fit, somewhat, as I believe they were intended. All in all a good buy. I believe a little more time in R&D with an actual truck (not manufacturer specs/dimensions) and a little more QA would ve appropriate. 3 stars for material and final appearance, docked 2 for having to mod and rather poor final design.
Okay, so I just posted a review for another product that I bought along with this one. I figured that two products that were so highly rated would definitely do the job........and that's a bunch of BS because both products we're not rated properly. I went to fakespot and this is not a four-and-a-half Star product and the other one wasn't a three and a half Star product. I'm not going to mention the other products name because it looks like I'm bashing one and praising another and I don't shill for anybody.. my reviews are always true and honest. you'll find my other review if you look, because there aren't very many products that do this, and the other product will come up on the same page when you do a search. I hated that product. It's totally useless. This product actually works, but with a caveat. That caveat is the scratches have to be absolutely hairline. Mine were and although it doesn't hide them completely it certainly hides them enough to take your eye away from them when you look at the car in its entirety.. I was actually surprised. The key to this product is to follow the directions. You put it on with a swirling motion and although they say you can use a buffer I wouldn't. In my mind it might make the problem worse. U-Swirl it on with the pad that comes with it and you use light to medium pressure. The key comes when wiping it off. Microfiber towel and very very gently. That's the way it works. And I laid a coat of meguiars NXT over all those areas and I did it very gently and the product held up beneath the NXT. Anything more than a micro thin light scratch will not be affected by tinted product and it will not work. True and honest review. Heads up to everybody! Fakespot is a good app. It works trust it. This product doesn't get four and a half Stars. Fakespot shows it at approximately 3 stars. I would give it 3.5 stars on micro scratches but I wouldn't give it any stars if you're dealing with real scratches,, I mean the deep kind.. the manufacturer's hyperbole is just that. Just a bunch of hype. Good luck to you all who are trying to cover the scratches on your pretty black SUV .....ðŸ˜‰ðŸ˜‰
Seems to be of decent quality just with the fitment was better.
Ordered thinking I could open vents all the way up. Could only open little more then 1/2. Not to happy. Easy install happy with product just thought I could open all the way up
Nice but description is misleading. Barely can see the reflection and if I'm not mistaken I thought I read glow in the dark. None of the such but if you like the look not a bad buy
I can't get a socket to fit in the groove to tighten them. I'll have to grind a socket down to see if that will work. It has to be a really thin wall socket to fit.
Seemed heavy but the heft made it feel like it'd really protect my vehicle. I use it to cover my vehicle during the months I'm not there (May through November). We are two months into the third six month cycle and a Thunderstorm caused it to tear at the seams (See attached photo).
The net would be handy if my truck had someplace to hook the net to! It does not so I can't use it!
If you are a woman and if you are the only one in your household I would advise that someone help you put this on. This is huge and it would have taken me less time if I had help. Instead it almost took me hours to put it on, so I had to rig it. Therefore, it was not wrapped properly and water got into my car because I had to tuck it in my doors and close them so the water pond and dropped in my car when I opened the doors. You have to go under your car to strap this so do it in the daylight and with help. It's not easy. It looks just like the photo and is very large for a nissan rouge or other suv.
returned item, the attached cable was about 1.5 inches short
It installed fairly easy and it does look good. The package it came in had no English on it which turned me off. Time will tell how well it keeps it's color and stays in place.
Not as bright as I thought they would be. Bright white but not very bright.
Extremely stiff difficult to install but fits proper after install
Overall product is good shipping was late and package was shredded missing mounting hardware
Looks nice, but it can get slippery when hands are sweaty.
My bro loved it...however some instructions would helpful
they look good for a obvious fake.
Cool little tank I used for my minibike, purchased some clear fuel line and fuel filter to hook up to the little tank, only problem is the gasket in the fuel tank cap melts and turns to mush from the gas within just a couple days. I saw all these black goop pieces going down my fuel line and all in the filter so had to drain gas and clean everything out. If you purchase this tank just replace that fuel cap gasket cause it will do the same thing. Read that from another person before I purchased it and thought he just got a bad gasket but nope all do it so just remove or replace it.
Do not buy this for an expedition. I found out the hard way it's not the same as the f150. Added to the pile of extra car parts that will never get used.
Well constructed but showed up a little damaged but nothing that effects performance
Take a little longer than expected to open up . But it get the job done .
It doesn't look 100% like the picture, you can also tell it's cheaply made. I have to have my AC on medium/ high for it to start spinning. Fragrance pods last 2 hours at the most.. Cool but not really worth it. Fun to play with though
Some were a bit inappropriate
They are good but much smaller than what was on my motorcycle.
Didn't last long on the outside of the car.
the adage you get what you pay for applies here..these are lightweight and hard to keep in place, as for durability ..yeah the are holding up rather well..but if they were a little heavier and maybe had something to keep them in check ..if you are looking to class up your ride spend a few extra bucks and do it up right ..I have no complaint with the seller..fast shipping and very responsive ..thank you so much for getting to me without all the waiting....
It works but the bleeder tube was a little short and when fitting over the bleeder valve it also ripped a few times. It did fit tightly around the bleeder. Magnet is also a little weak when brake fluid is in it. The container itself is thick plastic and the hole in the lid lets the tube fit in snug which is good. Overall it will get the job done for bleeding brakes.
the fact they paste to the outside of the door frame verse the ones on my other truck that slide into the window frame. these do have a nice crime strip which I would gladly have given up to have it side into the window track reducing the current whistle sound
Product is decent but purchased the rear upper and they sent me the front lower wasted my time pulling the shocks and removing the bar pin to find out the bracket won't bolt up because the holes are wider in the back than the front.
1) They look as awesome as you think they will. 2) They fit as awfully as people say they do. These things are cheap for a reason, but if you are handy and have patience you will end up with awesome looking lights for not a lot of money. I ended up transplanting the original headlight brackets on to the new lights. JUST the bracket, not the adjuster screws. Yes, that means you have to undo a bunch of little screws and even drill a couple little holes to match the new adjuster screws onto the old brackets. This also required filing and cutting out some plastic to get the adjuster screw mount things to sit flush against the bracket. Once you've got the old bracket on the new light it will pop right into place. This took 30 minutes per light minimum. The only issue with the bottom lights is the retainer tab that pops into the car is a little to tall. You can either file it down to be shorter or file the plastic slot on the car to be a little taller. I filed the car as that is much easier. You have to get it just right though other wise it will be too loose and will not stay in the slot. I made that mistake on the first one and had to use a little screw to hold it in place. Time will tell if they hold up, but for now they're looking great. As long as yours don't arrive broken and you are crafty, I'd say go for it.
The quality of the paper and surface of these stickers isn't very good. It's like an Avery Label paper sticker. I think I could print the same quality on my desk jet!
I, like others, experienced the problem of Amazon shipping these jugs on their side and having the seal/cap fail. An unknown amount of oil leaked out and soaked the box. Amazon made it right -- they refunded my purchase price. If they can fix the shipping issue (UPRIGHT .. with arrows!), then this will be a great deal!
The plus is it leaves a good shine. The minus is it doesn't go on very easy as other waxes do & comes off ok but I've used other waxes where it was easier
Looked really nice and I had high hopes however these do not fit a 2019 Outback, despite Amazon matching it to the vehicle. Headrest holes do not align.
Out of the 8 , 1 didnt work.
Definitely not as big as it looks in the picture. Only goes across 2/3 of my trunk. The pockets are smaller than I thought. The side is already ripping.
seems durable, long cord, and a light. Love that it does wet or dry!! Suction could be better
It works fine and good quality. But I feel ripped off because it's only one shock boot and I had to buy another.
Bought these for my 2015 Silverado. The front liners have the round pin style factory retention system. This is where snow/water would build up and leak through. After the first snowfall, the carpet was soaked right around the pins. They fit good and look great, but could not accept the fact that they won't actually protect anything. Some of the Husky brand liners have these molded into the rubber so there is no way for water to get through.
The quality is very light
This product cleans ok.. But leaves very little moisture behind on the leather. Leaves it kind of dry..I need deep moisture with my leather cleanser
First use from Maine to Virginia, a strap that secured it to the vehicle broke. Very disappointed. The holder worked perfectly for the ride down but durability is obviously lacking.
There ok let's just say that.
The seat covers ripped about a month after we got them and had very limited instructions
Still going strong but the part that the bolt is holding has snapped and the top pops off when I pull it out
Hard to install but it works
Rotors are great but brakes that came with it not so great
good product just didn't fit my application
Nice wiring harness, nothing great, does the job. Good Value.
Only reviewing to hopefully stop the desperate pleas for a review from Tike Smart. What can I say? It is an overpriced mat. If my wife would have let me duct tape a piece of tarp to the back of the seat like I wanted, I would have done that with the same outcome.
Not sold on the quality, had to return it
Not a huge difference between headlights and high-beams
Not what I ordered. Not as helpful as it could be. Pure Junk.
Well the main issue is that they have the white wire setup the running lights... here in the US the white wire is used as ground. This cause me a lot if headache until I figured it out.
I think it's ok. unfortunately I had check engine up again. but I did replace sensor and valve both times
Received today and installed. Easy install, good product but much darker then the original interior beige. That's the only downfall. Now my driver side front and rear are one color and passenger is a different color. It'll have to work for now.
Over all they're not bad they do what they are intended and that is light my motorcycle license plate up. But the wire gauge it the thinnest possible and breaks easily and they lights themselves are not as bright as I anticipated but I'm still happy with my purchase
Luckily I needed a Gear Puller (so i went and bought one) to get off my old rotors. The threads were stripped and rusted. In the picture it shows the rotors having threads. Allowing you to take them off easier in the future. The rotors I got did not have threads. Doesn't really matter to me since a I have a gear puller now. However, others might be upset they have to spend 100$ to get their rotors off later in the future.
Super bright but didn't fit just right took a little customization
Item was poorly packed and had been free to move about in package. The plug gap may have been changed and being fragile they could have broken. overall bad planning by shipper
I used this twice before returning it, I found that it didn't serve the purpose as well as my normal sponge did. It seems like a nice brush though, I would have kept it if I had another use for it besides cleaning my wheels.
Didnt come in gm packing, bag it box. Came from third party, not sold and shipped by amazon as described. Looks possibly used or take off, not a new genuine gm part. Very disappointed and not sure I want waste my time installing it, but I needed ASAP. This isn't the first time I've run into this ordering supposedly new genuine gm parts from amazon.
Magnets needed to be stronger, a slight breeze would move them around and putting it on in a wind was almost impossible. Plus it would freeze to my car if there was a little rain before the snow or ice storms and almost ripped trying to remove it.
These come unfinished which I didn't mind however mine came with some discolored fading to it. They provide bolts to put in all of the holes which are really difficult to get to. I did, and recommend other do is I put two of the provided bolts in the back two holes which are easy to reach and used the existing push pins for the other holes. One picture shows the faded areas in one of the spat and the other shows that they look good once installed.
The description says 25 pieces but the shipment was only 15 pieces.
Product was great just my truck is a 2014 gmc crewcab and lights didn't fit.give me information on the right ones
Does not fit vehicle specified, and first mirror arrived shattered, very poor packaging.
I like the look of the steering wheel cover. It is well made heavy leather material. Bright red color not cheap looking. The covering hugged the my steering wheel. The covering didn't completely cover the steering wheel for Mercedes C300 2016.
Far too strong. Only used one and left the other wore out one on, now it works like a champ. I watched the deflection of the rear glass and was certain it would break the glass.
This tool is shaped correctly to work but the weld broke and the handle bent. Needs made from thicker metal.
Cheap....decent though.
Wish they were longer
Box did not include the clips/hooks needed for proper install.
Please Help!! The item I received does not work properly!! The rear window switch on drivers side doesn't work properly!!
The straps that go around the fire extinguisher are too long but it does okay. I have to maybe cut or figure something out but other than that it's alright.
Recieved a moldy product, sent it back. Recieved a second one, also moldy. Both had silica packets in the bags with them.
arrived on time was not impressed with the quality. repaired original with parts from new handle. used to parts.
I had to cut it and that wasn't horrible but it didn't work i think i have a bigger problem though as my cruise control also messed up along with the brake lamp control circuit all at the same time so i cant really give an awesome review but there you go
The grills are nicely made and the left side fit perfectly. The right side fit well but there was some interference when closing the hood and pushes the grill out. I am not sure yet why. There is some rubber baffling around the back side to control airflow for cooling, the backside grill flange shape is not the same as OEM. If I can modify to fit I shall repost and increase the rating accordingly.
Nothing really stood out except that the towels left lint on the car when I was drying but should be fine after I throw them in to wash.
I've bought 3 of these; they just keep breaking after roughly 6 months
I tried to hook a 20LB propane tank up to a set of gas logs in my house. wanted to be able to be off grid without the contract of a propane dealer. not sure what the problem is but the pilot will work but not enough to stay lit when the logs ignite. pilot just fizzles out and shuts the system off because of the lack of heat that the pilot supplied to the thermocouple valve. suggestions?
Needed some trimming and modeling with heat gun
The scent wasn't what I expected. It smells more like rubber? the scent does last a while, unfortunately I wasn't a fan of the scent.
Great value, easy fix with a little help from YouTube. The only thing was the different sized rings the larger one wouldn't fit I had to reuse the old one to make the bag seal
Does not appear to be a genuine product. No where on the filter itself does it say "Honda" or have a part number. Although there is a Honda label on the package this could easily be counterfeited. I went to the dealership and purchased a filter there and took pictures of the two side by side. As you can see the filter from the dealer says honda on the filter and the construction is also slightly different. Could just be two different manufacturers but I went with the dealer option to be sure.
Was hard to install, on the back seats by front was good
It's nice but it tore at one of the seams within a day of having it on my steering wheel.
Gauge doesn't have a purge button like the description indicates. On the initial engagement of the gauge, one looses a small amount of air..
Your description states "Complete hardware kit and installation instructions included. ". I am missing the bolt hardware. And what box? Mine didn't even come in one. I am redirected to manufacturers site for missing parts. What's that gonna cost me now. Feeling like I ordered something and didn't get all of it.
Antenna looks great, but does not have the abilities of a full size antenna. Listen to a lot of am sports radio from the local affiliate and does not get a good signal.
Easy to install. I like the fact you can leave it on when the hard top goes back on. Down side it keep stretching and loosing up. Would constantly have to tighten and readjust.
I bought 2 of them for both the frt and rear for our f150. The frt one fell off when going through the car wash. Will have to get a replacement again! The rear one is still on so I guess I just need one.
These do not fit my 2006 Chevy Trailblazer so I can't review the performance. They were primed shipped and arrived as expected. Although one rotor appeared to have been opened from the box already, and I purchased as new. Sent back for refund. Rating is for shipping.
Shipping was delayed. UPS sucks. Packaging was damaged. Product looked great.
Used on 07 super duty. Works well. Had to shave down a little lip that it had on the mounting surface for it to fit right. Used rearview mirror glue to affix it on the slider.
The jack arrived with only minimal damage (chipped paint on each end), but the box was destroyed! Since the jack was not in a locked position, it shifted during transit and obliterated one end of the box.
Not nearly as much light as you would thing from all of those LED's.
Came with a hole in the tube so fixed it with duck tape.
Have not installed yet...
Not very bright, some lights were not working upon delivery.
Line is not long enough, no volume control
Bright but made cheap
The plastic lower grill fit ok, but kind of twisted!
For the price these get the job done, but aren't as custom a fit as they declare. Buying these my intentions where that they would fit like a glove and that their wouldn't be any annoying ripples, or bumps where things didn't fit together smoothly. Not necessarily the case...not sure if this is because model years had slight changes, but the driver's side ripple is by far the most annoying since that is the most used seat, and I see if every time I sit down. Also in comparison to other mats I've owned, the more flexible plastic seems to fit better and hug the original car seams, not the case with this rigid type plastic. 2015 F150 Lariat Supercrew
They are not working properly
Not too satisfied the reverse light do not fit properly had to modify the socket to make it fit right but once have them installed they look good
Okay, just the back seat I got one piece instead of two seat, thought I ordered the right style but got this instead.
Not bad for the price. Your getting these for about a 3rd of the price. Look great with my black F150. I'll return and bump it to 4 stars if I don't get any moisture in the lens. Right now the one thing I've got a problem with is the retaining clips are cheap as hell. Be very careful when locking them in to place. I damaged one and had to use one of my factory clips. Had a problem with the led lights I used and had to pull the headlight assembly back out and one of the other clips came off. So, once again I had to rob a clip off my factory assembly. The clips are a pain in the A$$ to install on the headlight assembly. The problem is the plastic on the new assembly is thinner than the factory ones. I would have gladly pad a few more bucks to get some better clips.
Simple to use and the low-profile readout blends in nicely with the dash. A little too dim, though: Difficult to see the display in bright light. They are accurate within about 2 PSI when compared to other gauges.
Fast shipment but company sent the wrong bulbs I sent them back for a refund and order some more I got the right bulbs now but havent received my refund back
Changed color and the ends come off.
These are way smaller than you would think and don't last a very long time. Have to use like 6 at a time to get a nice strong scent.
Very cheap looking, but probably matches the price.
Accurately reads temperatures - tested it on ice and boiling water, readings were spot-on. But mine came with the little laser LED twisted off to the side, so it wasn't visible. Instead of sending it back, I opened up the device (only 2 screws) and fixed it myself. Inside it is the cheapest possible construction. Everything just kind of lays in thin plastic slots, just waiting to be jarred out of place with the slightest drop. Even a few drops of glue would have made this thing way more rugged, but they didn't bother. For the price, it serves its purpose. But if you want something that will stand up to regular use and last awhile, this probably isn't it.
Box was delivered damaged and the end was open, pipe and hardware bag complete, chrome tail pipe tip is not with the box The picture shows a chrome mbrp tip that I didn't receive, is the chrome tip suppose to come with the pipe??
The threads aren't as long as the originals, the bolt is longer but the threads stop and don't leave enough room for needed adjustments
To small for the original replacement so I had to glue them. Very bright and clear in the night but not visible in the day .
The lights are fully functional and easy to install. I just cannot give full stars because I did not get the lights I saw in the photo. It was supposed to say MERCEDES BENZ. But instead I received lights that have the Mercedes emblem and AMG underneath. The lights are also not as bright. I realize that the lights are from the car and not the case I purchased itself, but I think the lights are dim because of the smokiness of the plastic case.
Not as strong as factory original
Works okay but greasy. attracts dirt. Just wipe down after applying.
Havent tried it yet you should let people know you need ice packs or dry ice
The wiper package says it is a Motorcraft part, and while it does fit my 2010 F150, it appears to very cheaply made. Everything is plastic and does not fit at the same level on the windshield as the original. The OEM blades I replaced have multiple metal supports and springs and are much more substantial. I needed to replace my 7 year old OEM blades, so I installed them, but would have preferred blades constructed from metal like the original equipment blades.
Very nice gloves love the fit the only thing I don't care for much is the seam at the tips of the fingers are a lil thick and uncomfortable at times other than that they are great gloves haven't had to put them to the wreck test yet hopefully won't ever have to. Love the metal knuckles!! ðŸ‘Š
Ordered these for our 2005 Envoy to change out and see if the mileage would increase. I found at $5. each was not a bargain as recommended by Amazon so now since the envoy has been traded I no longer have use for the plugs and I'll just have to see what I can get for them on eBay.
Purchased these due to reviews and when I received mine there were a few pre-incorrect moldings, they are noticeable if you look close. I figured these would be dark to match my tint and are too light as a smoke color. Will keep them on a few weeks and decide if I will take a loss on $ and get a better brand. Also, I don't suggest using alcohol wipes on your black trimming for cleaning as it fades them. Use window cleaner instead. Also, mine Crosstrek is a 2018 "NON-XV"
LCD issues. Text is not visible. Screen lights up but the lcd doesnt work. Aside from that works great. Probably just QC issue.
They are bright, but the adhesive holding on the heat sink is incredibly weak and with a tiny bit of pressure will cause the heat sink to pop off. Ended up throwing them away.
Not as good as expected!
Beware of promised delivery date. Our item was shipped UPS ground even after prime guarantees - ground only gets 4-5 day guaranteed shipping.
It is just what it is.
material is very light in the construction of the wire clamping and I had trouble with it holding securely, but overall it is ok for light duty use. Other than that seems well enough made.
probably a great product but did not work on my 2001 gmc jimmy 4x4. do your homework before you buy, even if they tell you it fits.
They were okay, Designs were kind a lazy
This product works ok for what I paid for it. But the accuracy could be better. I'm not sure I could really recommend this to anyone, but it's decent enough though.
Very cheaply made, the picture makes it look better than it is. This seems like false advertising. However it was cheap so I can't complain that much. It also fit in the car and was easy to install. I do not think I will order this cabin filter again. But if you do order it it's not completely awful it's just a very low quality affordable option ... And it does get the job done.
Ripped in half 3rd time using it. So I bought another one and after 1st time it has a hole in. Kinda disappointed they are not better quality
Disliked how it came to me shipped. Bent in half and shipped. Had to hang it up for 2 days now to get it straight. So it will look good on the car.
Received tail gate liner in no packaging, only a mailing sticker on the side. Liner was twisted and warped as if it had other packages stacked on top of it. Would have liked to seen it shipped in some kind of protective packing. Liner is still warped even after installation. ----- Just letting people know, before you order.
My original knob wouldn't fit on the new heater switch
I have a hard time reviewing this paint... Like, I don't think you could find a much better match for the paint, but it was almost impossible to get it to look like the paint around it. You have to shake the bottle for like 3 minutes, apply the paint, and then if you want to apply some more, you need to make sure to shake the bottle again before you try or it will be slightly different from the last application (the concentration of the sparkly flakes). I feel like it's partially user error, not being able to get it consistent-- but also part to do with the application method. It's super runny, and travels like oil across water, meaning you will NEVER be able to isolate it to exactly where you want it. MANAGE YOUR EXPECTATIONS: It will look marginally better than just leaving the scratch on the car, since it will still draw your attention due to the difference in texture and sheen. That being said, it was only $14, so worth it if the scratch is larger than 1/8th inch around..
Nice product, but they do shed.
Bike and not was a kick small but good
Well, the lights I got were a bad batch or someone in the warehouse quit that day. I got lights that looked like they were dropped, touched up with a different color paint, then packaged up and shipped out. Lucky for me the person I messaged took care of it and made it right. Unfortunately, I still had to sand blast the metal outer frame and get it repainted, bit now it matches so it is what it is.
Bought these to replace Sylvania bulbs that were double price for the basic bulb and these were the same brightness as the ones I replaced. Little disappointed in Phillips. However these are a direct fit replacement and had no issues with installation.
The air pump works well enough, but the connector for the hose broke during the first use. Update: after my above review, the company reached out to me to improve my experience. The company replaced my broken hose quickly. I have not had a chance to try it, but the customer service was excellent for this product.
These lasted about 4 months. As long as just about any basic set of blades. Not sure why we paid so much for these when they are no better. Gotta do more research I suppose.
I did not like that the vise did not hold the brake tubing as securely as it should.
I didn't like that both bottles I received were damaged I sent one back now I have the hassle of going to ups and returning another one
Little small but help with sun on work tractor
Perfect for adding a wideband O2 sensor. Next time though I'll find one with a lip that protrudes slightly into the pipe to make holding/welding it easier.
Bobble head city. I needed to replace my older half helmet. It was time. The reviews on this one looked pretty good and the price was right. It arrived today. I ordered a large based off the sizing chart. Large was HUGE on me. I know I have a narrow face but this was ridiculous. My ears fit in the â€œyâ€ of the straps of the old helmet, my ears didn't even come close to the straps on this one. Total mushroom.
If you are looking for really bright headlights, these are great. If you are looking for the color changing option beware. I have a Samsung Note 9. My phone meets all the requirements needed to use the color light features, however my phone will not connect with it. I have made several calls to the company and they keep telling me they are going to look into it and call me back. Its been almost two weeks and no one has called. I wish there had been a way to test these prior to having paid to have them installed.
Keeps you legal if mirrors are required. Not functional driving down the road. Excessive shaking and vibrating. If you're looking for mirrors to see from, these aren't the ones.
Not very bright and in temps below 20 degrees they start to flash and go out. Other then that they are decent.
Bought these to be able to add kayak holders to the roof of our van. We actually had an incident where the front crossbar support came off our van while driving on the freeway and our 2 kayaks then flew off our vehicle fortunately off to the right side of the road that had a large shoulder so no cars were hit. The straps and buckles aren't very high quality and the rubber footings on the bars that sit on the roof of the car are quite mediocre. I double check my straps a little better than before and manually press the buckle into the strap rather than relying on the simple spring mechanism to hold the strap in place. While I don't highly recommend going this route with these as long as you ensure they're installed well and double check the buckles hopefully you'll be alright but I would recommend going the hitch and trailer route if your car doesn't already have a cargo rack and then just make sure your next vehicle has them from the get go.
I just bought this product 1 week ago. It's difficult to believe that this product contains 6 layers of protection. The car cover just seems too thin for that to be the case, though at this point it's hard to evaluate the overall quality. I have not yet tested whether the car cover is waterproof.
This is a good cover for the money. It's advertised as being able to cover a 12-14 feet boat but I was just able to get it over a pretty narrow rowboat that's 11 feet, 10 inches long. I think I'd try the next size up for most boats in the 12-14 foot range. Review edit: the cover did fine at first but, with a year's exposure to the sun, it sure got weaker. Ripped when we tried to put it back on the boat.
This lasted 3 weeks in our fridge before the battery died. I thought it would help my items in the back of the camper fridge from freezing, but they still froze. It helps get some air to cool the items in the front of the fridge, though.
Was about what I expected for 10 bucks n made in China.
Not as easy to use as I had hoped. I was hoping to be able to use this as a trash holder. Somehow rig it with a bag inside one of the pockets to put trash into...wasn't a good idea. The Elastics at the top of each pocket is tight, you need two hands to place anything into the pockets. Which is a good thing for heavy items put in it. It will keep them in their place. But it made it too difficult to put things into those pockets, like trash items, however it is handy to put other larger things in it such as water bottles and baby wipes and such when you are not driving. Otherwise, the product is well constructed . This item arrived quickly. Thank you.
Cant prove it works or not, deer still passing in front of me on road though, and the stick down tape is horrible had to find something else to get it to stick
Fit ok , there is a small gap towards the tailgate, the color is black and gm trim is not . Having said that these are what is available and for the most part they do the job of keeping a smooth look !!
Two were broken clips made them work I waited to long
I bought the cheapest one's I could find the hooks are like they cut coat hangers and painted them black with razer sharp tips that are sure to rip anything the come up against but ordering with my phone I couldn't tell my fault
Did not fit the AWD version of the outlook. Bolts were too small.
Casting had flaw weep oil on cover had to silicone.
They arrived faster than expected! I couldn't wait to put them on, how ever.. passenger side mirror control cable is to short to plug in so now I have to try and find an extender or cut them and add wire..
This does not entirely fit my 2016 Jeep Compass. I might need to make minor adjustments to make it fit. It does not fit snug like I was expecting. a little disappointed, but for the price... It will do.
The one I received was all plastic. It did not have the metal threads that are seen in the photo. Buyer beware.
It will last you until you find one that is better quality
Well, first off, had issues from the get go. Listed at "Prime" and took over a week to receive! They fit perfect on my '15 Pathfinder, however, I've only had them installed for a little a week and they are starting to rust (see pics). I know and understand that this will eventually happen, but in a week?! Frustrating. On the fence if I would buy this brand again. If you're not a picky type, then yes, this product is for you!
This order was shipped to the wrong address, therefore I'm not sure if the product is good or bad. I'm gonna be neutral
I like the size but the sticky part is not sticky at all.
Headlights are great but you can't adjust the lights like you would usually would. Not the best design.
Does not fit the front seatbelts for my Cabriolet C300. I will use them for the back seats since the item is not eligible for returns.
smells good for a day
Was able to add the chrome ring to the headrest but the Jaguar emblem for the button does not stick. The chrome ring still adds a nice touch though.
Pros: Solid metal construction Cheap price (compared to other similar bumpers on the market) Fast shipping - at my door in 2 days... in HAWAII ! Cons: WELDS ARE SUPER UGLY !!! Powder coat missing in some areas.. already starting to rust. This did not phase me much as i will be grinding off the bad welds and having the entire thing bed-lined. Would not purchase this bumper if you are looking for something to directly bolt on without any modification.
though they fell out when it snowed, they do not fit real snug.
High price, but could not get locally.
They look good but.i made a mistake And thought they where.for my patriot. As they wont fit the patriot.im returning them. I'm now trying to find the proper ones to fit my patriot
Its ok item. The metallic base is not that strong
Some of the bulbs don't fit tight in the socket and some will not work at all.
My handle broke first time I used it. They did replace it.
Not much like the orginal mirror. Feel cheaply made. But it work to get by.
Works for door but not for back window
Was unable to use due to damage in transit. Can't really blame the seller but it could have been packaged a little better.
This code reader was supposed to work on all cars. It would not work on a Jeep Liberty but did work on others.
A few weeks after using them one fell off while I vacation and then the black insert fell off but I never found it again so I had to buy another whole wiper!!
Have not had the opportunity to try it yet, but it is very nice that it comes in it's own container
I'd give them 6 stars but the edges aren't very thick and they start to warp and bend away from where they are supposed to be. Better than the WeatherTec ones, but only slightly. Need to be thicker. My Infiniti ones are perfect, they don't deform at all.
Installed easily and took paint well. You can really tell a difference between this replacement and oem. Oem is much better material and is much better quality. This replacement looks good but is flimsy material.
These bulbs are very bright. Although I'm happy with the brightness I'm not very pleased with the color. These are more yellow than orange/amber.
The old saying is true, you get what you pay for. I bought these to have a complete set of screwdrivers, and it is definitely a complete set. The problem is, they're really cheaply made. I bent one flathead screwdriver blade removing a screw from an AC outlet. They would be great for VERY light duty use, but anything that might cause even the slightest resistance will destroy them. Buy with caution.
It seems like a nice product but I feel the quality of the magnet is weak, or at least weaker than what I expected. I fitted this on my Stang and it kept on sliding off after a little while. Eventually I just put a drop of seal maker on the magnet and glued it to my filter, now it doesn't go anywhere
so far so good! easy set up! Gave it 3 stars because it's not really Red! It is more of an orange color! I wanted Red....they could have went darker
This stuff can be hard to get off if you leave it on too long.
If you're looking for a cheap car cover that does what its suppose to do (cover you car) it does that alright and keeps the car protected from things falling out of trees. dust, ect. However for the 6th gen Camaro It doesn't fit properly when its on forwards, but if you put it on backwards, it looks funny cause of the mirror covers, and it actually fits over the whole car.
I have a Ford Fiesta and ordered the extra large because that's what was recommended on the size chart. It's definitely too big for my car--the two circle flaps have to overlap a bit for it to fit in my windshield, and it doesn't have a good seal at the top like it looks in the picture, even if you put your visors down. I didn't return though because it's 100+ degrees here in Texas already. When using this, the internal temperature of the car is definitely a bit cooler and my seats (which are black) aren't too hot to put my bare skin on, which is major for me. It works, but I took a star off for fit and a star off for the storage bag which is only barely bigger than the shade itself, meaning you actually have to take a minute to stuff it in there.
Had these pegs on for awhile now and they're great. Much more Comfortable riding. Didn't come with hardware but that wasn't a big deal, went to Home Depot and got some for cheap. But after a couple moths of riding I noticed I was cutting my legs up a bit on them nothing too bad just scratches mostly, until yesterday when I was picking up some debris in the road and took it to the curb, I turned too sharp and smacked my ankle on the peg and had to get six stitched in the er. So i'd recommend sanding them down a bit and repaint it.
The electronics portion of this product works fine. The laser is easy to see and the motion sensor works well. However the molded plastic housing is lousy. Just removing the mounting plate from the housing was very difficult and one of the tabs broke off. Then the battery cover tab broke off. I did get it to work and it's working fine but I wouldn't buy another one.
Good to have for your water filters.
Didn't last long.. worked well for 3 months.
The initials arrived in the wrong order.
I'm pretty sure there was supposed to be 2 speakers in my order could you tell me why I only received one in the package that was delivered today? I paid for 2 and only received one.
Good product, easy installation. However missing 1 bushing. Had to use one from the old part.
Might have worked but you need a uv light.
The low beams are bright as hell! But there is no change between high and low. Kinda disappointed.
WORKED OK BUT NOT THE BEST
button started to stick in after only 2 months of light use.
They're alright, i would keep shopping. Had to modify 1 to fit. Doesn't project a good beam.
Product looks high quality but unfortunately will not work with my BMW X3. not a big enough gap
The car plate frame arrived in a plain mildly cushioned USPS envelope. As previously reviewed, the plate was bent. I would think that the company would take reviews seriously. Too bad because I like the look.
The glue is already coming Lose when I took it out of the ðŸ“¦ packaging. I bought it for the valve cover so I don't mind the keychain being poorly made
Would have given it more stars, but FCA should have replaced it under the warranty. Who knows how long this one will last.
3 3/4 stars!!good cover however i dont like is the rear clamp. when u fold up the unit u have to snap clamps into place so they dont get in the way or rip the cover they are folded against. the problem is when clamped in place they still turn sideways and get in the way or could possible tear the cover so you have to walk back and forth and be careful, if someone else folds my cover (employees) im concerned about this.the other item is the weather stripping u have to apply to top of the rear tailgate. the seal is tight however long term this will tear and wear out as you put stuff in the bed and open and close the gate. i feel the gasket on the cover should have been thicker to make this seal rather than a taped piece of weather stripping which WILL wear off as it is just foam i had this same issue with a rollup cover. i also recieved the wrong cover however it was returned and proper cover sent 2 days later. this is my 2nd tri fold and also have bought 1 roll up tonneau so i have some expierence at these it is well fitting with tight seal and looks good installs in less than five minutes
LIKES :It was easy to install, covers my GPS good and with the GPS inside the case pushing the different screens is still easy. I was wary of being able to see the screen through the plastic screen but it works pretty good. It doesn't shade it all the time(the sun doesn't cooperate most of the time) but with the big visor it is easy to put your hand over part of it to see really good. Dislikes : I need to unzip the case to turn the GPS on and off. The GPS vibrates a lot on the road as the mount is plastic and you can only tighten it so much.
As other reviews have noted the speakers are tinny. I would say for music they are worthless. I haven't tried communicating between passenger and rider
I have a 2014 Jeep GC Overland. The front mats fit perfectly, but not the back. I don't understand why they are cut so narrow and short. The factory cloth mats cover a larger surface area. A few others have commented on this....odd to me why they are designed/cut this way.
Fragil, looks good, but not very stronger
WRONG PRODUCT FOR AUTO
Seems like a good product, but It was the wrong size for 2011 golf TDI at least for our car. Needed a 30mm and the bolt was missing in package.
Was great till the two on one side of my truck the White doesn't light and they both come on but have hyper flash. Can't contact seller to get a replacement
I received a different one, but decided to keep it since I really need one to storage my CDs. However, it is too big and the elastic bands are not tight enough. Each time when I have to use the sun visor, I need to adjust its position so I can use the sun visor.. Annoyed. Also. it doesn't hold sun glasses (mine came with a sun glasses holder).
I use these on a set of Bestop Core Doors. Fit great. Look just like the factory mirrors. Mirrors shift every single time that I close my doors. I'm looking for a different option.
I live in my car and, with kids around, got tired of all the garbage they're always throwing out. This bag is nice. The Velcro in the bottom makes it easy to empty. Note, however, that this sucker is on the small side. After discarding 4 soda cans, it's full.
I constantly have to put the cover on the car yes I do have it stripped down maybe it's me it looks and the size was correct and the color was correct I just need to know how to keep it on the car
Three stars for easy installation, but that's about it. I was SO EXCITED to install these myself, having knocked one off my 2010 Ford Edge while scraping ice from my hood. However, the fluid trickles out onto the hood rather than spraying onto my windshield, so I'm no better off than I was before. Going to take another look tomorrow, but the pressure appeared fine before installation, so I'm not sure what's going on.
The bottom plate fit very hard into the housing and wouldn't fit in the slots on the bottom of that piece. Basically wasting a half hour of time before I reused the old piece, which fit like a glove. Other then that it went like you would think..and now its fixed!
I went on a long trip out the country, that's the reason I bought then replacement lights, few times during my drive the light shut off, a bit scary but came back up. what's is the warranty on these bulbs?
Pros: Look nice, decent quality and fast delivery. Cons: vibrate free and fall off. I recommend using locking adhesive on the threads, in addition to a split washer.
been using this a while and its working great!
The lights work great but the remote doesn't work at all
Love the decal , however it was on a wired type of paper, so when I peeled it off it left bubbles.. so know it doesn't look so great lol Had to slice out and use white duct tape to fix.
Can get loose. Trying loctite next.
Good value. Easy to install. However, the drivers side window control is opposite as other reviews state. Also the driver side window control, would stop sometimes when rolling up. However, I was satisfied with the cost I paid. OEM piece much more.
Wrong color for me. Fortunately, after completely dry, I successfully scraped off without damaging the sink. Used a beveled metal putty knife. Good idea, just wrong color.
Go for the one with magnets... doesn't do well with buffalo NY winters and the wind
Good looking product, didn't fit
Color matched perfectly for our 2000 toyota Sienna. Fit was not so perfect. I only needed the trim piece as my handle and lock were still good. The trim has a small "hook" in the front which catches the bracket in the door, then the rear side snaps into place..the issue was that the hook was too deep so the trim sat out from the door. I cut the plastic hook off to make the trim fit flush with the door. A mounting screw goes in about 1/4 in back from the hook so everything stayed in place and there is no rattle with my modification. The replacement parts "Hook" was 3/16 in longer than OEM.
did not get to use sent wrong size
I'm a truck driver so I haven't gotten home to get them cut and programmed but they came in quickly.
First shipment arrived heavily damaged. Returned for exchange then next one arrived damaged as well. Got a discount for repairs. This item should be shipped on a small pallet!
The adjustment is on the lower back to move light up or down. It should be silver the one on top is for side to side the one on the back bottom is for up an down
The rear fog light chrome looks great, but I noticed that after installing the top part of the glue is stretched since the bumper is more curvy that these pieces are. I'm not too crazy about that as I'm worried that they will fall or come off, or the glue will wear out since it's exposed on top. However, they do make the 2015 Highlander look much better (if you're not looking at them up close).
was not stated the weight of the topper designed for
Mirrors vibrate to much and my truck rides like a Cadillac
I got this to make sure I had a set of levels on the RV that would not freeze. And they are good in that respect. But, it is hard to see when they are level, and they are not as precise as the other kinds of level.
Worked pretty good. Until I peeled the pad off to wash it and the velcro backing came off...
Would have been nice if it came with screws. But in the end it works.
Nice looking shield when finally installed but: 2004 E-350 RV chassis has a plastic or fiberglass lining under the hood. Tabs won't stick if you clean it all day. My super-duper aluminum foil tape that sticks to almost anything and HOLDS, which I tried to use to hold in place while I drilled holes wouldn't even stick. I had to swallow my pride and have my wife come and hold it while I drilled. Back to problem # 1; the plastic is so soft that the tiny little screws they send stripped right out-even with a very low clutch setting on drill driver. Another "all-you-gotta do" job.
Cool handlebars but not for the z125 pro too long if you in the city these are not for you easy to install but more for a ATV or dirt bike
These has been the best celphone holder I have ever used. It is really steady . it won't fall from your windshield even on a hot sunny day . Update. Item broke. And I contacted customer service. I can tell you so far it's the worst.
It's a good product, I just didn't like how it fit my car.
This product is ok but it still smells bad after two weeks. I tried painting the front seat of my honda civic but it made the seat rough. I'll just buy a black seat cover.
little bit more expensive than others but works well
This is a nice little fuse holder that should do what it says. However the cover design is problematic. Once installed the two tabs holding the cover are very difficult to access and require considerable dexterity and possibly some small tools to open. I broke off one of them to improve the situation and the cover still fits OK. Don't install this in an inaccessible location! Some greater thought in its cover design would have been helpful.
Rust marks after first week on the ute
Mine falls over easily. I hook it to my car mat, but after a few empty cans, it falls over.
I would give this product 5 stars. But the clips on the left and the right fog assembly. Have trouble staying clipped in. The chrome piece that clips in the middle. Between both the left and the right fog light assembly. Is what's truly holding it together.
This thing only pumps to about 50 psi, so don't buy it for bikes. It did pump my car tire from 40 to 43 according to my car's tire pressure monitor though, so it apparently works for car tires. It's also very loud, on par with the tire air pump at service station. Extra star because it's cheap, for the total of 3.
Color faded quickly. Less than an year. Used color fade spray that came with it multi times but still faded very quick
Received the sunshades...but I think they are the wrong size?? I thought I ordered the ones that'll fit hummer h3 windows. The are a bit larger and don't fit properly I'm disappointed with this product
So so fit. Had to silicone seal. Cheaper than most $$$ wise. Hidden under spare tire. Don't buy if you're not mounting tire.
Bright but unfortunately they started flickering a week after... You pay for what you get.
Look great, but a bit of a pain to use out on the trail. Have to be lined up just right.
Fits loosely in floor jack but not to loose not to work. Trans sits kind of high TH 350 top is about 29" off ground Chain is useless need strap to hold in place Angle Adjustment is poorly aligned but does work A low quality but useable tool.
Water in light and only been used a couple times
Won't do this again very small bottle and I had to open the sprayer and cut the sprayer shorter so it would fit in the main bottle
Not sure if it needs 10 + hours of direct sun but it's not really doing it's job. New battery lost charge after 45 days. I'm in NC and have plenty of sunlight in the driveway.
The bag held up on the road for more than 2000 miles but we hit a rain storm and things got wet.
These are too high for and older person like me. Should be adaptable to lower them
The price was right and it works, but it is on the flimsy side.
It's plush, but they showed up far more linty than the competition with many loose threads. The binding is not a soft material, and I worry about it catching and dragging debris across my paint. I purchased these along with 3 other similar products on Amazon and of them these are the worst.
They looked great at first but now a year later the color has greatly faded. The screws that came supplied were junk and Purchased better ones.
It looks exactly like the picture. Worth the price
not as good as the zink one
Nice cover Have an ELECTRA GLIDE Needs to be a few inches longer if your looking for a cover look for one about 118 inches
Didn't fit my 1993. Too much of a hassle to return.
This item has potential but beware, i have a 2015 chevy impala limited,the bolts are not regular bolts that u can just unscrew, i believe u have to go under tha car to remove that bolt,other than that i cant seem to get this unit to be stable in the car,it always tilt one way or the other and with the right weight on it it will just fall over,im sure not everyone is having the same problem as me but so far its useless for my vehicle
I ordered this chain and didn't get a master link
Material and everything just how I thought. Took a little while to get to my house, but it came as expected.
The seams through the black cloth rip very easily
I've tried several air fresheners for my car, which I bought used from a smoker. It is very difficult to get rid of the smoke smell. Ozium works OK, but it is still not very good smelling. I have had to rotate the adjuster on the top down to bare minimum - but it still doesn't smell nice. I've heard this does something to your smell receptors in your nose, and just makes them stop working. That is not what I want.
I thought they were movable vinyl but they cannot be moved once they are positioned.
Pretty but just spend the extra and get the plastic when the purple gets dirty it won't look clean again
Not as bright as I hoped.
Fit perfectly. Might upgrade to one piece for the back as 2 back mats leave a lot of space
Perfect fit, not as bright as I expected.
I purchased as a gift for my son-in-law. It's difficult to figure out how to use.
Really nice and good the material but to tide ( small )
Overall product is well constructed, Holds a charge well 2 or 3 uses before recharging. The fit is well for me and my wife however,the range is only about 4 tractor trailer lengths away before losing contact and the sound quality is not what I expected for what I paid...its not a packed crisp sound...but more or less a crackly weak sound, not a bad product , I just want the reader to know what yo expect before you spend over 300.00 like I did expecting a little more.
Not like in picture. Other than that, they do what they are intended for. Arm, Disarm, and pop open trunk.
Lights are bright and work well, however one of the single lights won't work, and I can't figure out how to contact the seller. I have them all hooked up I just want a new single light. Amazon wants me to ship everything back to the seller to get a replacement.
Meh. Not great. They do the job but the straps won't stay tight.
Did not come with any hardware whatsoever. There is a metal 'cone' that I'm not sure whether or not to take off or leave on, also had to use my old rusty hardware because new hardware was not provided. Instructions seemed like they were meant for front struts. EXTREMELY vague. They do ride very well, though.
Installed in a Ram 2500 pickup. At most, is maybe 2/3 the length of the factory visor. Straps were too short to reach all the way around, fortunately I had some velcro to extend length. Mine is the grey for daytime use, gives shade but I don't notice any decrease in glare.
Too small. At least for me.
I was looking for not only a bright headlight but also looking for distance. These shine a wide area but lack in distance.
A little tricky installing but got it done one works great one is iffy.
The ones for the back dir the floorboard nicely in our F150. We went back to our old floor mats for the front as they aren't as well fitting for the front. So we are using the law front mats in another vehicle.
Bought this not for snow but to keep pine needles from filling up the vent below my windshield of my truck. It works great but the magnets does scratch the finish and paint. I had to remove the magnets and problem solved.
Worked for me saved me some money 4 stars because you can see 6 led lights in the back
Got it today and took it to be coded and cut. They couldn't code the buttons. It was just to have a spare key, but being able to use the buttons would've been nice. This was for a 2012 Flex.
Haven't had it long enough to test it's durability and sturdiness. I do know that I always wanted to have one of these mats as I transport stuff that needs to be contained in the event of spillage. I do hope I won't be disappointed.
TOO SHORT to run antenna from tailgate to overhead mount on my 2011 Wrangler 2 dr. Needed another foot. Get the 20'
Hose came off of connector the first time I used it.
While I really like the profile of this deflector, the hardware is extremely poor for the price of the product. As a minimum, they should provide extra pieces since it is easy to drop the small plastic parts when working above the engine compartment. If you drop something, it is gone forever unless you are extremely lucky. For almost $90, I think that they could throw in a dozen connectors instead of the required four. Secondly, why do they use plastic screws? I expect stainless screws with washer heads or separate washers for this price. The female parts are difficult to get aligned and held in place while getting the screws ready, maybe a captive part in a slot would make it easier. If you use my ideas, a little attribution or royalties would be appreciated. :-)
ATTENTION!!! This is not a SPEED carburetor! This is a different Chinese knockoff. The pictures show Speed but it comes without the speed logo and without the higher quality parts that come on the speed. I tried to get a refund but the seller insisted that since the description shows that it is not a speed carb, it shouldnt matter that the pictures show a speed carb. I have reported the seller and don't plan to get a refund because for $9 I don't feel like sending the knockoff back. THAT BEING SAID!... This carb, after setting the idle and the needle, runs absolutely flawless. It was rough for about a block and then it delivered the same as the Speed carb. As much as I hate to admit it, the knockoff performs. Shame on false advertisement though!
I'm giving it a 3 because it does look well made and of good quality. Although it does not fit my 97 Legacy Wagon. The mounts don't even match.
The overall look and light are great. The problem is the inside bottom melted from a hot coal. Was shocked when cleaning it and noticed how it had a melted hole in the bottom. Have to make sure cigarette is out completely and no hot coals burning. Trying to find a small round metal plate to put in it.
I have a 3rd gen Toyota 4-Runner. I have to manually turn off my fog lights before I can use high beams. Also I can't turn off the lights. This is because the 4-Runner trys to run the lights in "daylight mode". To do this it pulses the lights on and off very quickly. With incandescent bulbs the effect is to dim the lights, but with these it just causes them to flicker. Finally the 5000K color may look brighter when you see the car, but doesn't necessarily make the road brighter. It really feels like you are driving with moonlight. Now, when I have low beams on and someone flashes their brights at me I can't flash my brights back. The effect is that rather than going to high beam, my fog lights just turn off. Now with low beam AND my fog lights on its not so bad since my fog lights add a small amount of yellow color which makes for a more natural view.
VERY thin. Good for the price.
Hate the way you packaged , but good item.
I started with using the largest size rivet and the fourth rivet I tried got jammed. Had to go online to learn how to take the gun apart and remove it, but it worked okay for the next twenty rivets I used after that.
The product is easy to use and would work well if the tube went all the way into the bottom of the oil pan. I used it on a Jeep Wrangler and a Land Rover LR3 and I wasn't able to evacuate all the oil on either vehicle. On the Jeep, I couldn't even get the tube down far enough to get half the oil. The LR3 was a bit better. Next step is to go buy a smaller diameter hose and an adapter to make it fit to the existing hose. Maybe I'll have better luck with that.
It's not a bad funnel system. Comes with a bunch of different attachments and radiator cap pieces. Unfortunately the piece that looks like it would fit the 2005 Impala is just small enough that it won't screw onto the radiator in my car. It acts like it wants to fit, but once you get a few turns in, it will pop off.
Fairly cheap made product but it works. Instructions are bad
It is good for a few uses, it cleans well and easy to use. However, after a few weeks mold started growing inside it.
Second time I removed from trailer ball it tore. Was able to duck tape over it but it doesn't look as good now. Advise to keep ball well greased and be patient/slow when removing cover.
Product needs a way to hold the bottom portion in place. It moves too much when getting in, that it shifts out of place & gathers up in a wad.
It is a decent item when it comes to security most definitely,however description of it and actual appearance are not close. Items more of a matte black than any kind of gloss or black chrome or anything like it. Still, the return/refund process was not bad at all and the actual product was also good in quality , just not described correctly or photographed too well, definitely not glossy
These are good quality but they do not work if your fuse block has recessed fuses. The blade is not long enough to work. Had to return them for a different style.
The Bluetooth device that came with the lights don't work
Charges decently, install wasn't too bad. However, setting up the wifi is poorly implemented as other reviews state. One thing I didn't see mentioned is you can't connect to a hidden network - if you don't broadcast normally you'll have to turn it on, connect, and then hide your network again.
Used with some stainless steel rivets and noticed that threads were excessively stripped after setting just two rivets. Advertised as "pneumatic" tool - there is nothing pneumatic about this at all.
The look like giant granny panties and if you don't drive the exact same vehicle as the person in the product photo, then chances are these aren't going to fit your car or SUV quite the same. The do work though. We couldn't find anything that would cover the whole window and keep the light out of our toddler's eye until we got these. They come with velcro strips and that's it. No instructions, or anything. Ours also came in what looked like a ziplock bag inside the amazon shipping pouch. There really wasn't much to it. Put the velcro on the inside of the car door and let it sit there for a while before you attach the granny panties. Otherwise the tension will pull the velcro off and they'll never stick. Also, because they don't fit as snug on the window, there's a little that sort of flaps in the wind and the sound can be audible in your car at high speeds. It was a little off putting at first but we're used to it now. Like I said, it does the job and that's enough for me.
Just got them today . They look nice as I'm taking them out of the package that was nicely closed with it's own zipper bag . There is a stain on them , I just took them out of there bag with clean hands . I haven't put them on my car yet
Have to be careful extending it because it breaks and doesn't go back
Thinner than expected. My window are tinted but for extra sun shade these work
This item is plastic and may be easily broken if someone pulls on the door while latch it engaged.
A 5 min job has no turned it a 30min to an 1hr job. Didn't fit right away had to stretch it
good carrier for the price
I purchased these for my 2008 Honda Ridgeline. Easy to install, however I installed them in the daytime so couldn't really test them. I drove out of town and it became dark. So, when I left I was happy to see they were nice......and bright....too bright. I should of have gotten a clue when a couple walking on the side of the road put their hands up to shield themselves like a nuclear blast. After that it was oncoming drivers flashing their lights one after another. I eventually had to go to an auto parts store to get replacements to save people's retinas. In conclusion they are nice, the light is bright and white. However they were just too bright for me, well not for me...too bright for everyone else.
This lifting handle works well with a 2014 Toyota prius jack. The only problem is that it doesn't fit into the holder tray of the prius. I had to bend it in a couple of different ways in order for it to fit in the storage slot. Even after doing that I had to use a zip tie to hero l keep it in place.
it works well, does its job but i did come damaged. The box was all messed up and the shade was in rough shape. I decided to keep it because it seemed like it was going to be a hassle to send it back for a new one. I would recommend but hopefully yours isn't beat up
Not bad. Installation was difficult and directions were less than stellar. Wouldn't buy again.
They are okay not the most bright but the work for the price the don't look what they have this like white with a hint of baby blue
One of the black rubber bands around the grip was ripped.
I do not recommend this product
Not what I thought it would be but I guess I will make due.
Bought these for my husband for his Birthday. He was so happy that he received so many light with this offer. One thing, he did need to rewire them, they were very thin and brittle and he put different brackets on them also. It was very easy for him, some individuals may not be able to do that. For the price, he would buy again if he needed more.
They were really bright but caused hyper flash and had to return. I did Not want to install resistors.
Size is not precisely accurate
Used on 2013 F150. The on/off switch was defective(wouldn't shut off). Customer service tried to help but could not replace just the switch. Have to constantly turn off via the remote when the truck is first turned on which I don't get.?.? Light bar is bright and easy installation. If the on/off switch worked I would of gave a 5star
So the rotors work well. The brakes absolutely suck! I have NEVER EVER had so much brake dust from ANY pad / vehicle previously. Also stopping distance isn't nearly as good as OEM. Actually my car was stopping better with the old brakes needing to be replaced, go figure. I would get the rotors again, alone.
These are kind of flimsy. They work but I'm worried they might not hold and a drink will spill everywhere.
Was a lil disappointed as they look so much better in the picture. Pink mask isn't even close to the picture. Very dull color. I guess that's to be expected when it's so cheap. Oh well.
Got the look I wanted
Better than the broken handle on I had on 2010 Yukon Denali. The feel and sound is not OEM, when you open the door the spring inside the handle is very loud and sounds cheap. It's a springy sound when pull the handle, hard to explain but the oem ones don't make that sound. I guess for the price it works fine though. Install can tough, the youtube videos make it very easy, there is a clip that is very difficult to remove, it is independent of the handle though.
Did not like the noise from springs being at compress as much as they where. Rear end bounced and banged. Do I took them back out. And had to replace springs. Bent.
Nice just not what I needed my sister did not read what this does.
this isnt great quality the plug wire broke while i was putting it on looking at the exposed wire ....there wasnt much there. spend a little more and get something better you will just end up rebuying something better anyway so you might as well do it right off bat.....
holes did not match wench
Good quality shock and nice ride, but rusted before one winter was even done even after rinsing off every week.
Haven't used yet. Product came in the mail today and has been leaking everywhere.
They fall off and do not stay in place.
keeps losing the signal to the phone. Even if you are right there with it. Aside from that it is accurate and works very well.
Its a cup holder...does what its supposed to do...nothing flashy...didn't have any problems on a 350 mile ride.
It does actually work, if I can read it through the condensation inside the crystal.
Not as heavy duty as I expected. Trying to push gravel but the blade pushes forward and is not effective.
Easy to put on, it stays put, keeps the car protected from getting bird poop on it. However it gets very wet with the rain.
If you are looking for an actual Beige cover, this is not it. I bought this in hope's that it was similar to my beige interior so that when I took car seats out, I could keep the covers on and it would blend in with the seat and look ok. These are definitely not a true beige. They are a very yellow beige. I'm not sure that I'm going to keep them. Although the quality appears to be good, I can buy others of equal quality for less expensive. I paid more for these because of the color I thought I was getting.
Thought they would be more heavy duty. But I do like them, just not 100% what I wanted.
Cheaply made I installed them on my wifes envoy and they lasted a month and broke!
Exact fit and fixed the issues I had with previous blower motor. Lasted 6 months before fan came out of balance, and now it vibrates when it is turned up more than middle power setting.
Well, the spray pattern is a little janky, but they were cheaper than OEM and they do get the job done.
they need a hole made for them ...just a rubber gasket holds them ...no bracket
Good at night but hardly visible during a sunny day
Use this in the backseat of our Equinox and it fits perfect. We really like the side protection panels the best and the non slip underside. My husband likes the pockets to hold the leashes and little extras. We do wish there were pockets on both sides since we have two dogs. Editing this review to say after only five months the side zippers have broken and will not zip up on one side.
Tool failed 1st uses on second bearing installed ( Damage new bearings) Call Customer service there are aware of the issue. the inner wedges of my tool 2 of 4 broke. Customer service is sending new tool out to me with no hassle. Mark
This tire inflator does the job reasonably well. I found that the gauge is not particularly accurate by several pounds of pressure. What I find most annoying about this thing is that there are two hollowed out compartments on opposite sides intended for storage of the hose and the power cord, however, neither is adequate for either one of these. I would have preferred something less "compact" and more practical when it comes to stowing the hose and the cord. Once you pull these out from being tightly wedged into the too small storage spaces, good luck trying to get them back in. Then what you have is a "compact" inflator with a loose power cord and a loose inflation hose. So, it's no longer really compact. I found an small canvas sack I had lying around to stow the whole affair in. Not a bad little machine, but very poor execution on the design.
I had this battery in my Yamaha Roadstar 1700 for several of years. I only ride few times per year, and battery is kept on trickle charger when bike is stored. This battery never had great power, and wouldn't hold a charge very long.
I like the look of the lights. Although they don't quite fit right. Also the corner lights are for a chevy truck, they don't fit on a gmc. Other than that they are decent quality for the price. Would buy again if i had to replace them in the future. Change the look of the front of the truck. Also one of the headlight buckets came broken, in the bubble wrap, so it got shipped broken.
Not the best quality but it works. I daily drive to and from work in a mk1 jetta with 210 thousand miles and wasn't spending 200 bucks on a legit set to rig up some retrofit headlights. I didn't use any of the hardware or shrouds when putting these in my 4x6 headlight housing. The cut off is alright. But also it doesn't blind on coming traffic if adjusted correctly. I'm currently using 6000k h1 bulbs with a 55w ballast. And it projects the light imo 1000x better than the yellowish halogen lights I replaced. So for me it works perfect since I commute to and from work early morning and late nights.
The product is built very well, looks sharp and has great sticking ability however the trim did not cover the entire Pillar and you can see the paint on each side. I like the quality but they are too small for my 2014 RAM 2500 4 door.
Quality looked good but sent me the wrong one
The foam gun is heavy duty made but the wash is crap. It doesn't clean well at all
Just as advertised. Fit my 2015 Wrangler Unlimited just fine and make it much easier to remove/install the bolts. **update ** I have had two of the plastic bolt beads snap on me so I have revised my review down
Smaller than I thought it would be. Looks durable but i wanted the long standard tag. I still use it on my carry on and have had no issues with it.
Had to modify it because it scratched the rear fender, but I cut the bottom of the mount for clearance and it fit nicely and the cut is hidden
Coil should have had spark plug connection included. Had to buy separately and attach to plug lead.
The needle does not stay at the pressure it first reads; the needle goes gradually down to zero.
works, but cheap design, a lot of light bleed
For looks well no complaints. Less stone hitting my windshield now compare when I do not have it installed. Thanks for creating the products.
My wife loved these as our 1 year anniversary gift. They were very nice at first, but after about 1 month, the leather string broke off of the lock piece. That's pretty horrible.
They work great once you get them on. If they were just a bit longer, they'd be perfect.
Emblem fell off two days after installing
I wish the back cover fit better. But over all it works great. Looks like it should hold up good.
Only lasted 13 months
After a few months purchase . Finally have time send my jeep XK to local auto repair shop . Try to put up this kits . Every other part seems correct. Itl the shop realize the parts have( 2 ) x left lower contro arms . Missing the right lower side ...... Disappointed Well. Finger cross the rest the part will last long . Just Remember the how much you pay, And how much the quality you have. Lesson
This is the base coat only, no blue specs. With that in mind it is a good product. I thought I was buying touch up paint that completely matched the color of the paint. It does match the base coat so it's not really noticeable that it is base coat only
The prongs are not long enough to reach down into most master cylinders
Returned- didn't measure water heater screen size.
hard to install. still not sure if it is correct. no instructions on how to uninstall the old one.
Looks good,may have to use a resister for cab lamp stays on,brakes good and bright.
A little shaking after putting on ðŸ¤·ðŸ½â€â™€ï¸
Airbags are nice the only problem I Had was to a carriage bolts tops broke right off before even torqued up to 10 pounds by the time I went to get the torque wrench in the carriage bolts broke I run to the hardware store not once but twice to get carriage bolts there's one on each side broke must've been some bad metal And that's why I gave the rating I gave on the install
A little fragile when putting on. Some cracked really easy. But for the price not bad.
Lights are nice and Brite but the wire is garbage.
Used this for my Tesla Model 3. Product itself is good, bright â€œTâ€ lights up the ground at night. During the day it's not noticeable, but that's normal. The housing for it is a little fragile, one of them broke apart during installation, but I was able to easily figure out how to put it back together. Installation is straight forward. Downside to these is that there's a buzzing sound that comes from them when on. I tried switching the cables around multiple times with no luck. It's noticeable enough to hear when you don't have any music on. Might return them, might not, depends on how annoying it is to me after a while.
did not fit in my impact driver drill. the chuck only opens up to allow certain diameters. needed and adapter to fit this in.
It smaller then I thought it would be,
Delivery of the product was fine. After I hooked them up and turned on the power one of the lights didn't work. I didn't return it because I had cut the wires shorter for what I needed. Ordered another pair though and they both worked. Must have gotten a defective one the first time. The lights are nice and bright when they work.
Worked good but had to cut bottom to make it shorter.
Good price shipped in good time.well worth price
Work very well but really expensive
Too thin, doesn't go far
The product works in that it provides a strap so that you can easily "unlatch" the latch mechanism that holds the seatback in the locked position. That said, this latch that comes on your truck was not designed to be open and shut on a regular basis (clearly or they would have put a strap on it at the assembly plant). It is for "Service Purposes Only". Because of this, they did not put an immense amount of thought into the design of it. Why am I mentioning this??? In my case, I really have to SLAM (and I mean SLAM) the seatback in order to get it to lock back shut. With a little more though, Ford could have designed this latch to easily open and shut EVERYTIME without slamming it but... they didn't. So in summary, this product unlatches the mechanism. Getting your seatback to lock shut again... crap shoot!
This tester works when it wants to work. It did fine outta the box for the first few minutes. Now it's hit or miss with the illumination. It will light up every three or four time with the same circuit or fuse.
to big wind inflated it like a ballon
Fast shipping but unfortunately it would not work with a 2013 Chevy Silverado.
Really heavy duty, not very breathable. Sizing seems pretty on point for chest and arm lenght but this shirt is about 3-4â€ too short! Wish I just bought another Speed&Strength shirt instead.
There are a lot of different things to use out of this package which i didn't find all of it useful for washing a pick up truck but i will put it to use some way or another!
When I installed the speakers on the bike a wire was broke and they didn't want to stay on.
These are definitely bright bulbs and they are a snug fit for Honda Civic 9th gen for the tail lights. I realized that the red did not match with the break light because this is a white light bulb (duh.) so that is one reason why I had to return it. Also, I noticed that when I installed this, my "check airbag system" went off. I found that to be strange because of the timing for this light to come on. Another reason I had to return is because these do not fit into my interior light sockets, therefore, it would not send energy into the bulb to light it up. The part where you insert it into the socket is too skinny.
the 4 pack is a pretty good buy, the 3 smaller pads are like cell phone size and are crazy sticky, however the large pad is about the size of a slimline notebook ( the reason I got this) , But its only good for an anti slip mat and lacks the tacky surface like the small ones have.
Fan works fine but the fan module that came with this fan didn't work! Had to use OEM fan module!
Easy to use and clean off but only worked on much lighter scratch marks and not at all on any of the light scuff marks (all the marks were smaller than the size of my pinky nail, and I have small fingers/hands too lol)
looked fine but it was a mistake order
I liked the quality and style. There were no instructions for the extra pieces. The caps did not fit
Funny but cheap, should cost less.
quality is alright does not fit my 2018 Hyundai Elantra however works on my nissan juke, but can't call it a fit just works a little better
Nice but it fits very snuggle on a Silverado 4 doors 2005.
Needs some more power. The suction power is very low and hardly vacuums up dirt, you have to go over it several times to clean up on the car's carpet.
The battery was purchased as a stand alone power source for a 12K lb winch. The battery works as advertised although I thought it would last longer than an hour before it needed to be recharged, which takes several hours. Other than that it is as advertised.
No noticeable difference in brightness and lasted less than a year. I replaced them with standard halogen long life bulbs.
I like the tarp material but it's too narrow for the back of golf gti. And a few inches too short. When I was looking at the pictures, I imaged the sides had some stiffness and would hold their shape better. But it's all pretty limp- my dog (Shiba Inu) walks over the barrier to front seats easily. I still like the material so I'll prob just lay it flat and buy another product to block off front seats.
It looks good but the raised lines (the blue) are pretty uncomfortable. If all you care about is looks, buy this... if you want comfort, stay away.
Battery died after an hour
I bought this one because the price was right and I will only need the cover when I travel as it is garage kept otherwise. Thin material. Seems like it would tear fairly easily. This does not fit Polaris Ace with an extended cage and spare tire. This will not fit out Yamaha SxS either.
Only two per package. Wish I had known that. Otherwise very cute.
The bands are too loose for my 2004 honda civic, this should work well with wider vehicles like a suv or van.
I had an issue with the product properly sealing to bleed brakes, created seemingly endless bubbles in brake fluid.
Be very careful when applying this. The supplied applicator brush is only good for plastic trim that is textured, if you try to apply it to a semi-porous smooth surface it will leave impossible to remove brush lines all over what ever you're working on. It also sticks to waxed paint very easily so be ready, have a rag and some speed shine ready to go at all times on the small areas. Overall, I'd probably rather use a back to black silicone based clear spray over this and have to use it after every car wash based on ease of use alone.
the rubber grommet is a little undersized, I used some tape around the light before inserting it to snug up the fit.
The base on this bulb was shorter than the original making it more difficult to install. Also did not feel as secure
Package came with one glue stick only, should be two kinds of glue with 5 sticks of each kind (total of 10 glue sticks), what do you want me to do?ship it back or you'll send me the glue there's missing? Thanks.
The quality of the lens is good, but the bulbs are garbage. They made the harley hyper flash. And no, it wasn't because the bulbs were in the wrong spots (bike uses different bulbs for the rear than the front). Replaced then with name brand amber bulbs and it fixed it. Might of just been my order. But something good to know.
wow. my old halogen bulbs mustve been very bad. the difference is night and day, lol. great light output, solid even beam, very bright, good lights. however, two stars docked for installation. 1. fitment with the metal clips on my 96 civic were a major pain to get clipped into place around the heat fins on this light. 2. the rubber weatherproofing shroud thing that covered the rear of the bulb and the plug simply does not fit with this new monstrous bulb. i foresee water and condensation developing unless i seal the light in the housing better.
The wires were crossed, made installation hard, but once corrected all worked well.
Lights look great, getting 3 stars because the last pair had one bulb burn out after about 6 months, and this pair like the last flickers when it is cold at first start. After they have been running for maybe 5 minutes it tends to stop flickering... I hope this pair lasts because I like the look and the output otherwise.
Inside material is not good quality and peels off in the first usage. Good leather quality.
I attempted to install this myself. It did not go well. Nothing wrong with the quality of the product. I ended up taking it to a professional
DOES NOT fit well on the drivers side! Don't get it for the drivers side
They are better than my stock bulbs but do no project very far. based on the pictures I thought they would. Looking back on the pictures they actually just show on they illuminate the ground in front but since they don;t go very far I can hardly tell.
I was only able to have one of the keys cut. I got a completely blank defective key and one good working key, on a vstar 650. I had to go to a locksmith to get it cut. Walmart/ Lowe's /home Depot we're not able to.
Great for passenger side but not driver's side. 1st issue is the dark lense is gray not polarized brown. 2nd issue is the lens length when pulled down stops short & you have to pull down your car's visor slightly to completely block the sun or oncoming headlights so every time you hit a bump it moves back up.
They smelled so bad when I first got them. Didn't fit my back seat, an they don't stay on in the front.
It somewhat works. Not that easy to use though.
Works and looks good but not of the highest quality. Had to glue the backing to the front portion as it was coming apart.
Only reason I am giving it 3 stars is because it does not work on vehicles with factory keyless entry. The switch works as its supposed to when pressed but when you try to use the keyless does not work correct.
Not very bright you can tell somethings on underneath but it's nothing like the picture
I don't remember purchasing this.
This touchup paint takes about three coats to cover a chip from rock? Fingernail polish would probably work better?
I was pretty excited about this product because of the reviews. I like the stainless filter and that it's wet/dry. However, the auction leaves a lot to be desired considering how well constructed it feels and it's other attributes. It will serve it's purpose (I'm a ride share driver), but I'm a little disappointed.
It was hit while in parking lot and bent without any damage to carrier.
Didn't cure the hyper flash, but given the old one went out the day before this arrived I'll keep it
Ok this is going to be a semi long review. The good news is it mounts to the tail gate fine, works great, doesnt sit very high above the top of the jeep, Jack mount works. The bad news. When it was made the bolt holes to the basket where off by about 3 inches. My mechanic had to cut the mounts and wield them in the correct place. So if you are able to fix this huge fault it's a great item. If you cant it's not going to work. 1 thing to note if you dont have a tire carry gate or some other reinforcements I wouldn't put the high lift Jack on the basket. It puts too much weight on the OEM tail gate mount and it could bend or break it.
Told me it fix my car but it didn't
Update ... 12/6 fell off one by one while driving ! Extremely embarrassing!! Not worth the money
very small hole options would be nice had to enlarge hole for my sender then doesn't leave hardly any room for ground ground placement could have been elsewhere to make better
Note: This is not leather. It's vinyl... It's worth what you pay for it... Could use another 12 inches of the stitching.
After ordering, got online to review various techniques; info basically steers you clear of engine cleaning, so I'm waiting for the right moment and guidance from the car god's.
Good looking sticker!! Didn't stick to my cooler very well at all!
I bought these headlights Feb. 23rd 2018 I wired the halo and strip lights to my running lights so they would be on at all times they look good I like them but for some reason the bulbs keep going out I replaced the driver side 3 times and the passenger time 4 times now every time I replace the bulb it blows in about 2 months so I'm giving it 3 stars for the looks cause the bulbs are $20 each I put $100+ in just bulbs !
Nice, but the blue is a lot lighter in person. Doesn't really match the Aegean blue of my car.
Used to hold sunglasses in car. It does not work as well if the frame of the sunglasses are thin.
Cheap stand. Wobbles a little bit but it does it's job.
Had to trim them to make them work in my dome lights, super bright though.
Hard to charge..Dont buy to use in a regular vehicle. ( Sedan, ect. )
Was not adjustable at least the one I got but it works
Had an issue thinking it wasnt going to fit and have leaks..be aware that some sort of caulking might be needed.
Goggle stuck put more than I'd like.
More work than I anticipated but I do like the look of it.
Beautiful white. Kinda cheaply made and don't seal up well
Good for the price. They make a lot of noise. Everything is bolted down tight.
Worked initially on leaking problem. Leak returned but is slower so overall better but not an all inclusive fix.
Well, all in all, it looks pretty awesome however the American flag is just a plate that is stuck to the metal hitch. The American flag seems like it could possibly fall off overtime based on the adhesive wearing out. I'm not sure how long it will last but it does look pretty awesome. Three stars overall because I wish it was a single solid piece and not a metallic sticker (essentially).
It works. The clips are rather flimsy and barely spread enough to attach to the battery posts: oly attaches to the battery cable or gripping a portion of the post..But, it does work and delivers a good trickle charge to the battery
Does the job but next time I get one with either bigger, or an extra, suction cup. That is falls off every once in a while is no but deal. It rattles a little but that can easily be fixed with a bit of folded paper or equivalent. I have the older/larger EZ Pass and it fits fine.
Took forever to receive! Waited over a month for it.
I was very pleased with how well the unit seems to be made, naturally that is instilled in your mind by the photos of the construction. Some of those photos also seem to imply there is more than one strap. My experience was I only received one strap, nothing more. This strap is suppose to have a plastic clip on one end and a metal hook on the other end. My strap only has the plastic clip on the opposite end where the hook would be the webbing was open and unraveled, no hook to be found. This poor strap assembly really causes me to pause and wonder if the rest of the container is made any better or not. I'm using a couple of velcro straps that were left over from a kit to hang components behind large TVs. Should I have to do that, the answer is no. Is this cargo box well built, the jury is still out on that one. First impressions of the strap say no.
Headlights were ok but the tailights didnt fit correctly
Item advertised as new looked re manufactured or used.
It's very nice but only comes 1 not 3 as the image shows
It is small and compact. Has an On/Off switch. It is not meant for high pressure items. I had a slight difficulty inflating my bike tires.
It gets the water really hot, but it takes a long time to get there.
Good paint but virtually twice the price of what I could have done that at retail shops
This fits but the plastic is thinner than OEM. Feels cheap compared to the original. Hope it can take rock chips without cracking. Doesn't come with metal clips like the OEM insert.
Works so far. The suction could be better but it gets the job done
Product was too bulky to when trying to install, after market springs are too thick for hooks.... Rods are too long.. but for stock applications it should be good.. use the maximum motorsports spring tool if you are dealing with mustangs...
It needs more installation info!
Good are the installation hardware, fit to the head, exhaust pipe and front shields . Very bad is the rear shield installation as the bolt holes and shape of the shield are way off. I had to beat the shield to the right shape and drill new holes. Still couldn't use two bolts.
The name Craftsman used to mean quality and durability. The tools carry the Craftsman name, but are made in China and are not much like tool of old. These Craftsman tools, with the exception of the jazzed up rubber covered handles, are the same as all the other Chinese tools, they're made from inferior steel, they work, but not for long.
This was supposed to fit our 01 Lexus ES300. However, there is a long version and a short version. This key is a short and we found out the hard way that we needed a long. This key would unlock the door, but would not start the ignition. Luckly, since we already paid for the key to be cut, the locksmith only charged us for the proper key for our vehicle and we just kept this as a spare entry key.
Like it but one lugs nut missing. I am going to buy Autozone.
Very thin but okay for Texas cold...cause it is not that cold in southeast Texas
The silicon cushions, as they're called, that hold the phone in place are very difficult to wrap around my phone. The TITLE states this can be used for a Samsung S9 and that's what I have but I can barely stretch them on. I would say that you definitely have to measure to see if your phone is 3.5 inches wide and don't go by the description. My phone is 5 inches wide!
It works but the gasket took some work to make it fit perfect.
sold my old trailer and bought a new one so I needed to get one for my new trailer this one seems to flow slower than my old one but it works
I find it impossible to buy good handles for Toyota. The factory handles break, the replacement handles break. Only difference is these are cheaper than dealer.
They work but are fiddly to install, I found a piece of duct tape useful to hold the spring in place on the cage while you attach the other end to the vent frame.
These hooks are great for hanging your purse, umbrella, and other items, but they don't stay in place very well. I have already lost one of the hooks.
I ordered this kit to do a job replacing the alternator pulley on a Dodge van. Unfortunately, there was nothing in the kit to replace it. Seems like a good quality tool. Hopefully it will be of use to me in the future for other applications.
I bought this to charge my new DIY LiFePO4 battery in my camper. I set it up so that turning the truck driving lights on turns on the charger. The wire lugs are clumsy to work with but they seem to stay tight on the wire. The good news is it works and I've seen 20 amps of charge current through my Victron Battery Monitor. I took two stars off for the lack of support - a forum that Renogy doesn't respond to is supposed to supplement the badly translated written instruction. The dip switch configurations in the manual are incomprehensible and the forum posts states that the LiFePO4 settings in the manual are wrong anyways. Renogy said they would post the correct settings, which they never did. Luckily someone posted them here. Why am I so cranky about the dip switch settings? LiFePO4 batteries are expensive and I don't want to have to guess what the charger settings should be! Fix the instructions and they might have a hit. Victron just released a similar DC-DC charger, I wish I'd waited for theirs.
They are confusing and you have to push harder than normal to get them to stick but work well when you can finally get them in place
No complaint with fitment. It fits, however the gaps between the body and housing are definitely a little bit wider than OEM and it sticks out a little bit more. The second important thing to watch out for is the foam used might not seal water, but time will tell. The original OEM tailight housing used a black sticky foam to seal out water, but this product uses a type of gray nonsticky foam. Will update review in a few months after it gets exposed to the elements.
Not waterproof at all I bought this because my harley is parked outside should have known better went to my local cycle shop and bought one for 90 bucks that's really waterproof
I love the bulbs. But I keep having the passenger side light kick out every so often. I wish I could give it a better review but I will not lie about what I got. Too bad they look killer, ( when they both work).
Seems to be a darker blue in the picture that what seems to be in person. LEDs work fine and are plenty bright. 3 starts for based off of color.
Encasement got gasoline in it pretty quickly, does the job though.
A must need for a jeep although I think they hang too low.
Worked well for a while until burned out after six months
Probably should have had help putting it on so the turn out isn't great. Is this product â€œcar safeâ€? If I go to remove it will it ruin the paint?
These stems were too short for my aluminum American Racing wheels.
I would start by saying that I'm very disappointed with these lights judging by the consistent 5 star reviews. Makes me think they are fake. That said, the lights work. I don't feel like there is much more light output over halogens. The light color is nice. The beam pattern is really "blotchy". Turning on highbeams seems to light up more like fog lights than further out (yes the cutoff is facing down to the ground).
I installed it, and the little part that must be slid in was shaved a little to big, so it causes a little play in the wheel before contact. It works though. Cheap part. It works.
The cover for the seat didn't line up with the holes but other than that I'm satisfied. Everything arrived in excellent condition.
The bed mat I received should have sold as second as it had a large area which ribs was deformed not filled in properly which was not the sellers fault as as not discovered till when installed in New truck weeks later
Would give them 5 stars if they fit correctly. Do not fit in the back seat for 2016 Mazda CX-5
Well im giving it a 3star due to the tape of this thing is awful. I have to buy that heavy duty back to back tape, the thing that comes with it is a low grade tape
Pin that holds it in place from spinning snapped off during installation as others have stated. Came from China so took way too long to arrive and with it being so far it's more of a PITA to start a return. I just put gorilla tape from the inside to tape it to the body of the Jeep.
I rarely write a review on amazon, however of all the dozens of hour meters I've ever owned, this is the only one I've ever seen that does not include double sided tape with it to "stick" it somewhere. I now have to buy a $5 roll of tape because I wanted to save $2 on a cheaper unit.
The cargo cover was working okay for a couple of months and then one of the round fasteners that attached to one of the left headrests broke off. It can not be repaired, so for now the shade is flopping around by the headrest until I can get a new cover.
Great output, perfect OEM fit... only downsides are that one stopped working after 3 months exactly, just outside of their return policy and one of the tabs that holds it into the side mirrors had snapped off causing it to dangle out of its housing
Worked as described. Good quality and heavy duty wheels. It's very large and hard to store in my camper. Very heavy when full of water.
It works but I tried this out and didn't really meet my needs. It was able to lift my car but it was more work than I wanted and I struggled to lift it high enough to get the wheels off the ground and the jack stands under it. After using it once I elected to return it and spend the money on a better lift that would go higher and was a little more robust.
Nice and bright! Too bad they won't fit! Bought correct part per the item description but they will not fit in my vehicle. Should not have to pay to return when it's your product that is not correct. Update: I finally made the lights fit, not sure how long they will stay in, hopefully they won't come out. I changed my rating due to the customer service. They immediately contacted me to help resolve the issue and worked with me quite a bit. It was not the perfect end result but they did make me happy in the end so A+ customer service. I will give them another chance on my next led bulb purchase when it is time.
Not bad..only thing is I had to modify the hole with a fennel on the drivers side parking light where the bulb fits in...otherwise flawless...no leaks Update. .I had to silicoNE all around them and only sometimes they fog up
Works alright considering the price,was expecting crap.
Brightest light bar I have ever owned. Solid heavy duty construction. Problems include the fact that there is no list of the different light patterns. I bought two of the light sets, one for each of my SAR vehicles. One cycles the same each time. The other one cycles randomly and awkwardly, and I can't tell if some of the patterns are missing. I do not like the fact that you can not choose to have only one of the two colors on independently i.e. only the amber without the white, or white without the amber. You always get both amber and white together. The price is reasonable, but I would not consider buying the same again.
Not bad, moves around a bit in the frame and not fully straight.
These tie-down loops are of average quality, and their affordable price reflects this. All six of the loops I received were of different lengths â€” the shortest being 4'' shorter than the longest. A tiny bit of rain will cause the orange color to bleed, staining any plastic, fabric, or vinyl that the loops are touching. A good soaking will result in orange water dripping off of the loops, which will stain anything below the loops. If you have any light-colored material that you care about, do not use these loops.
opening too small to see the entire license plate and starting to pit & loose black color details after only a few months
Love the color. Easy to clean but not as big as normal car flooring. And you can get dirty very easily with it being mostly black.
1 of them stopped working already
A little too bulky didn't give enough leg room
Sadly after only 1 month of light use the blue burnt out and one doesn't work at all. If they all go out then my review will go to 1 star. I thought they would be nice.
It is loud but was expecting a lower tone more truck sounding
They look great but I have already had the backs fall off of two of them while I was driving
The kit looks really good. I bought it for a 94 GMC so the market lights didn't fit but I just gave them to my dad for his Chevy. They fit his pretty well. The mounting holes are just a tiny bit off but nothing major. Also I did add a little silicone around the seam because it didn't look too promising. Compared to the OEM headlights, these feel really lite, so I also added a washer to the mounting bolts on the headlights assembly for more surface contact. Also turn signal bulb sockets dont lock in place. Tabs on housing are too far off.
Product received quick. However it did nothing to help remove the blueing on my exhaust. After reading other reviews I was hopeful and disappointed.
it is not as fast as there advertising shows it will have to try it again but looks like ill be sanding it smooth
When I got it in I installed it almost immediately. You can plug an iPod in and it will charge but will not play anything other than Bluetooth and the radio. I think mine is defective unless there is a setting I am not aware of. I have set it to usb any ideas or did I just get a bum unit?
It doesn't do what I needed but it does something different. I rate this is okay.
1995 Mustang GT. I took the time to chip away the old glass and adhesive from the mirror bracket. Turns out, though, that I wasted my time because this mirror is too large to fit back into the bracket that clips into the mirror housing. No biggie though.. I added some of my own double-sided tape and just stuck it to the round plate that the bracket would have clipped onto. No problems thus far. It just should not be advertised as replacement glass because that implies that it should fit directly into the bracket to replace the original glass. It does not.
The hooks ARE sturdy - better than the plastic ones I replaced with them, but for me the two tines are too close together and I can't remove my items from it easily. I want to be able to reach in with one hand and unhook my bag, not have to use both hands, one to hold the hook in place and another to wrestle my bag off the hook.
Didnt fit my 1999 Ford Ranger. Check your existing filter fittings before buying(i didnt!) to make sure that they are the same.
Work very well for about a year, then it was downhill from there. Bottom line? Use ngk plugs for Japanese cars. They last slot longer
A little rust when delivered but worked great!
Does not fit all key is only for trucks and suvs
Timely arrival although it appeared that at least one of the packages was opened previously. I always wonder with Amazon IF I'm really getting something brand new in original box with original packaging.
didn't work as expected on my Avalanche
By the time you wrap around 4x4 it is to short to reach hook on post popper. Post set in cement that is 6" below ground level
The license plate frame has lost its shine / bling in less than two months. I got it for Christmas. The covers for the screws are useless. They don't stay on as covers! You will find out immediately when you try and put them on.
quality is good, unfortunately, back seat cover is not fit my Audi Q7 Car, what I thought universal type will fit all
Needs two to operate as components are a little weak. I broke mine trying it out solo but made a fix. does the job once in use.
When attempting to use it, the on switch does not click in place all the way. Unless I hold the switch to on it will not operate as expected. Was happy with the purchase because it was needed. Maybe this was a one off and an exchange will bring me better luck.
It started my dump truck one time. However it didn't te-started it. Nothing Below 85% charge. I'm sure it works fine for lower engine cars.
Looks great but doesn't fit right
I really wanted to write a good review for these and I almost did until it rained, which was a good month after I got them. These were super easy to put on, only common sense needed! I was able to haul 2 kayaks with them in my Suzuki hatchback. With the kayaks I didn't go anywhere with a speed limit above 50mph but they were fine. I did hit 70 on the freeway with just the pads, with no issues (a little noise but not terrible). Everything was good until it rained and I went out to start my car and front, back, driver and passengers seats were all quite wet! Not Happy! The straps soak up the water... it seeps all inside and drips away on to your seats. I really don't see any way in stopping this with it being fabric unless try dipping them into a waterproofing (which I wanted to try). I want to give these more stars cause they did work great but getting into a soaked car on all 4 seats and seat backs really didn't make me happy. 3 stars I think is generous for that.
These did not fit into the tahoe, as stated. I had to cut the light bulbs housing to make them fit. They hit the subframe, need to be about 3-4mm shorter.
The hole for where it goes to the exhaust is really small. I needed a spacer, not a complete cut off from the exhaust to my oxygen sensor so my sensor can't detect anything. Needless to say, I had to get a different one.
This is good, but I don't think it is quit soft enough. I must have a tender tushy.
I can see no evidence that this product cleaned my leather arm chair of the grease spot where I rest my head, which is the main reason I wanted to clean my chair. It did moisturize the leather and the dry flaky areas of the leather were removed.
A few bulbs came broken but it was fast delivery and I only needed half of the bulbs so it wasn't a huge deal however I would suggest them to package better.
Nice look but poor wired contact
Difficult to instal. It was a bit small. Cute and a good value
But the buttons snap out sometimes. Works pretty well.
It works as it should, was longer then the original part. However it still works just fine. Also it's stated I received the package a day earlier than I actually received it.
its hard to fit any frame with the cover but does look really nice
A lot of drilling out holes supposed to be already drilled. A lot of cutting off mold pieces from manufacturing. Quality lacking. Finished product looks good though.
They are cling on so any window with a steep incline it will not work on... Over all not too bad
Front floor mats fit like a glove and look great. Unfortunately, the rear mat does not fit well, and the edge on one side near the door doesn't lay flat on the floor and sticks up about an inch or so off the ground. This would make someone getting into the truck kick or hit it with their toes.
I just received this Clay blocks and immediately decided I will not use them. These are way too small. They look very cheap and the bag says they are made in China. Maybe it's just me but they don't look like a quality product. I know they are low cost, then I will take this loss for ordering something cheap. I definitely do not recommend this product unless is fora very small project. I gave them 3 stars for Easy to use because I know they will not be comfortable in my hands.
Great packaging and fitment. Easy to install. The large mirror is slightly shaky going down the road. If the mirror was stable going down the road, this would be a five star! The smaller, lower mirror is very stable though. For the price, I guess I don't have much to complain about though.
Fit ok, but they are not the highest quality. Installed them and went to take them back off to adjust wiring and tabs broke off. Make sure you only have to install them once....
Makes a good replacement.
looks good and easy to install but the reception is not good.
The 90 degree stem isn't the easiest to use nor is the larger tire for a Razor mini bike and had to take it to motorcycle shop to fit the tire and tube.
Nice mirrors but once your speed increases they move out of position and will not stay in the set positions. Maybe the ball joint will tighten up over time allowing the mirrors to stay in place.
These are really big, bigger than I expected, but when putting in my Subaru key in and out it has started wearing out quicker than I expected. Seemed good, but a let down.
Paint was just okay. They could make a better product to do touch ups with for people who are serious about doing it the right way. Paint dries to quickly.
One of the wires was missing the spark plug connector inside the plug boot. Looked as if it had never been attached or included. Ended up having to recycle one of the old wires. Pretty disappointed since these were OEM Delco parts and came at a premium price.
Love the style, but the bar came off after a month.
Liked the lights and hooking up wasnt that hard . I dont like ive only had on for 2 weeks and 3 of the led bulbs stopped working .
The description said NEW starter. When it arrived the box was clearly marked refurbished. I called Amazon and they said they would send me out a new one. They did.....another refurbished one. At that point I had one installed and returned the other since I needed to get my vehicle running. The starter starts my car but like many others I wish I'd read the reviews first. I called and left a message with the seller but got no reply.
Works fine and seems to be accurate but it's frustrating the way one switches the units (psi, Kpa, bar). Each time you push the activation button it'll also switch units, each press cycling between psi, kpa and bar. Hence very often I'll turn it on and find it I'm the wrong mode, or switch modes just going between tires.
Lasted almost a year, then started peeling off
It fits as descibed. One thing i disliked was the smell it gives when you have the ac off, recirculation off, and just want the cool air from outside to flow through the vents. But when ac is on, no smells.
These were difficult to solder, I had to trim the connector that was not part of the circuit. I followed S.Johnson's diagram since there was no instructions included. I had to glue one of the pieces that snapped off. I made them work.
Order 2 lights. 1 was fine, the other had been open and was probably bought by someone and returned it. It had a small piece broken off of it and a bulb missing. There was no packing in the box as well. I fixed and used it. Did not want to go through the hassle of returning it. Beware check your light before you put them in
Good price but I had to Buy male and female adapters to use it with my compressor hose. If you wonder about how much cleaning powder it has From 0 to 10, 10 being the strongest I give it a five. Excellent Door dash dashboard sunvisor
These headlights are super bright with a crisp light. However, they seem to have a dark spot that doesn't go away. I swapped sides and the dark spot followed. Not what I expected or wanted.
lower quality than I should have used.
Cheap quality. Break easily
Make sure that these are lined up properly and DO NOT over tighten them because the locking tabs will break. I have one bulb with only one locking tab holding it in place. This wouldn't happen if it was metal. As far as the brightness is concerned, they're just a little bit brighter than the halogens that I had on before. At this price I might just order another set just in case that one tab decides not to hold the bulb in place.
was either damaged in shipping, or before it was boxed. The clutch arm was bent inward to where that pedal was nearly touching the brake pedal while both were in their respective, non-depressed positions. Fortunately, I had the shop equipment necessary to straighten/realign the whole assembly. In that nothing was broken, I opted to repair rather than return the item.
I received these running boards, very strong and look great but there was no mounting hardware included like the description said. Would like to have the hardware sent to me but still a pain that I cannot put them on until after I wait for the hardware to come.
They look ok from far away but are of fairly low quality up close. Pretty sure these are painted and not anodized, with sloppy casting work. I'm going back to plastic caps.
intensity is good but the beam pattern is very bad, I think I need to do some mods like Philips make led light. delivery was fast and packing also good.
Great color, but not as bright as I expected.
Works as advertised.
Very tiny stick on levels. Better make sure trailer is dead level before placing them on!
Giving it a 3 star since it didn't work with my 2017 honda ridgeline. Should have read the reviews before ordering
So far so good. Great improvement to Avalanche but still some faded areas. Dont know if I should apply a second coat or not. Messy will stain everything it touches. Rubber gloves a must.
Just washers, nothing special, but too expensive. You are just paying for convenience here!
They look nice, but both are starting to fall apart. The only time they rub on the windshield area is when you really turn the front end, which is not often. Will need to buy something new soon.
I bought a used one here on Amazon. The product that I got actually looked brand new, however was defective. The opening handle was broken off, the outer shell /housing was not assembled correctly. I'm handy with tools and was able to fix it in about 10 minutes, but if you're not handy, I would say just pay the extra few $ and but the New Unit.
The size is perfect. I actually used them to cover my East and West side of my house windows from the Florida Sun for the summer. The material could be thicker or more of a insulated material. But anything is better than nothing.
Great for a budget, however the LEDs aren't very bright specifically during the daytime. But if you are starting your POV with some lights and can't afford much, these will work until you buy better and brighter ones.
the fit was pretty close
Didn't fit my car as it said it would. I cut it to fit, however. After a little creative scissor work, it fits. It works well now.
Have used that a lot
I like that it covers the entire back of the trunk, what I wish it had was a someway to tie it around the head rest. I have a lease vehicle and I don't want to use the Velcro, so I had to tuck it up under the dog car barrier. But otherwise it's nice and easy to keep clean since I have a husky who sheds a lot.
It just doesn't remove all the layers. Just the top one and then need to go back several times.
Great for the 100 mile trip we took; however, the zipper gave out after we packed to go home. We were lucky was at the end and Hubby was able to tie it down get us home.
Love the colors just really small and thought it would of been on a clear background.
does not work as well as i thought it would
Works well, however, the holders are a little small. Ends up being only slightly better than the original.
Big and all plastic. Also, the cup holder areas were too shallow and I could see spills happening. Was too big for my seat area and was an issue with my parking brake so I returned it.
I bought a driver side dead pedal directly from M.O.R.E. a few years ago and when my buddy said he liked them, I bought him one from here. Seems to be solid but it didn't fit as well as the one on my Jeep. We had to drill out the holes sideways to make them line up to the bolts on his Jeep. We both have 2012 JKU Altitudes.
Didnt fit correctly had to modify.
It works as described but the coiled up part doesnt return to coiled once it's even slightly pulled on
First time using on a Class C, 3 cracked and had to be thrown away.
Ask me again in 6 months or after the first time the weather allows me to use it.
Great product but can be hard to turn when taking a tire off and some of the sizes it comes with doesn't work to take the lugs off your tire.
We've tried the second time the item and we've found out that it's just loose terminal. And it's working now, though not yet installed in our car. Hopefully it will be working still once we install in the car. Thanks!
it was pretty easy to install as it just bends a little to slip into place. i had to trim mine a bit to get it to fit in as my doors measurments were not exactly to the items dimensions.
Looked all over for a much larger bag...this one was still smaller than expected but bigger than anything in a retail store
I dislike about the mirror is when Im driving , the mirror shakes. I have the screws tight. Is there anything i can do to stop the mirror from shaking?
They look nice shine well BUT as usual they are very difficult to adjust the set i got could not be adjusted by the screws because they just didn't work so i had too take out the headlight take some screws out and spin the thing by hand but for the price its ok also they fit on my 04 tahoe
There is no seal or (new product seal) over the mouth of the bottle when buying it and all of my wash spilled in the package other than that i rebought it and the actual wash is decent
Did not fit snug on my seats I have a 17' Buick Encore
The lights i received were the flat type with a cluster of bulbs on each side. They don't produce the same all-around light as the pictured ones would, but they still work and are the same price anyway. Cant give more than 3 stars for sending a different model of bulb.
Went on ok. They do not cover up huge holes there from factory. I would not recommend them. Only reason i am keeping them is my jeep came with the same brand front n i want to match
I am not satisfying with its quatity. Simple and useless. Not worth the price.
Installation instructions would be nice
Sound not loud enough.
Item went together pretty quickly but not level. Took it on a trip, a little over 1600 miles half way through it was bending. I barely have 150 lbs on it. Not very strong. Would not buy ever again.
They fit OK but the clips to hold the bottom of the seat on are hard to attach to the rubber straps given all the electronic equipment under the driver side seat. I couldn't fit my hand down there to hook it on so now when I get out the bottom of the seat cover slides to the side and I have to readjust it often. Not a tight fit over the back of the seat either.
broke off after 1 week
Great product it covered the whole bed and side walls of my el camino only issue is the roller pads they give you fell apart in the first application so I had to rush to autozone to purchase another roller cover and race home before it hardened other then that awesome product and would buy again for the price just remember to purchase extra roller covers.
Doesn't fit tightly against the wheel and it shifts as you drive. Always have to slid eit so it sits correctly.
Very nice frame but it covers up half of the tag registration renewal stickers and the state name.
They look nice but there coating is nicked in some spots and on the corners theres parts that are not covered or got pulled off. The medal is made well.
Wrapped headlights and tails on out company van. I've used a lot of brands personally and only thing I didn't like about this is that it is is really purple looking and the adhesive isnt very strong.
The product was easy to use, but had spilled out in the box when it arrived. Thank goodness there was enough to do the job.
My 12-year-old son burnt his leg through his riding pants on his MX Pit bike as the exhaust gets very hot and when he stops or puts his leg down his leg easily touches. I saw a bunch of different kinds of exhaust wraps and his pipe is narrow so I wanted 1" wrap to make it easier. I overlapped a lot and the 16' was enough to go over it twice. This wrap offers some protection. It's not like you can grab the exhaust obviously because the wrap gets very hot but the outer layer seems to cool quicker so it won't burn you if you accidentally touch it with your leg but it does not provide prolonged exposure protection. Pros: Easy to install Metal straps hold well Offers a few split seconds of protection Cons: Smells like it's burning - still smells after months of use Still gets very hot to touch but won't burn you immediately Starting to unravel and fray at the ends, needs heat tape
These car key fob remotes for my Cadillac performed very well. They arrive promptly, they were in good condition and they were easy to put together . A simple install the battery etc. We tried them out quickly, they work fine. Overall we would give them a five star but after a couple of weeks we discovered that the one we used very quickly had it's icon images on the remote rub off. We suspect that they may have been sitting in a warehouse for a long time and may be degraded and that's why the logos to lock and unlock, open the trunk, etc were quick to fade. **Warning two other buyers - use these they're a good bye but keep an eye on this quick fading. If it happens before 30 days get them returned. Unfortunately for us it was past the 30 days
Since I needed this for more than just car jumping, the indicated mah did not seem to match what was advertised, so I sent it back. I was immediately issued a credit at Amazon and bought and more powerful unit.
There's a reason this is 1/3 the price of the OEM unit. If your old assembly is not to damaged take the base off the bottom that clips to the body panel and replace on the new one. The new base stripped 2 of the 3 screws immediately when it came in contact with the body panel. Overall ill deal with some of the issues I had to save 200$
One of the maf sensor was bad
I tried using it to clean up some motorcycle engine parts. It didn't do much. It seems like an acid that bubbles on clean aluminum, but didn't do much to clean up the stains, did not remove grease.
I like that its metal but the blue part fell off the first day I put it on
Great compressor but the air gauge is 11 lbs off, there is no light and it didnt come with a locking chuck
The item isn't powerful as expected uts very easy to manage
Haven't used them, bought to have when needed.
These are to thick if your trailer is out of level by less than an inch and a half.
Cheap light weight plastic, Don't think it is reflective . It looks ok in daylight with my black license plate. We'll see ho long it lasts. OK for the price.
This item arrived today. It appeared sturdy and well made. It was very easy install. However when I tried to work it, it would not release the latches on the tailgate. The arms that pull the latches were not pulled. Upon closer inspection and comparison to the original unit I noted that a plastic pin that should go through the locking arm and and top activating arm did not go through the later, hence no unlatching. I mulled over weather to return the item or try to fix a rather minor manufacturing error. I chose the later and filed the pin a little so I could snap it to the activating arm. Once done the unit appears to work. I will reinstall on my pickup and keep a close eye on it to see if it continues to work properly.
Absolutely no directions, box was pretty beat up! Will update after I figure out how they install
Poor quality sewing on straps and straps don't work for my truck.
Received package 3 days late. Box was damaged and falling apart when received. Product fits like it should. Package looks like it was dropped out of a plane onto my doorstep.
Fairly easy to install but the paint is starting to chip after less than a year. Not as good of quality as stock but decent for aftermarket and better price.
I really like the light and I've gotten a lot of compliments when people see it! I would love it better if both lights worked. Only the driver side light worked or I would of given it 5 stars.
pump works fine could use a better gasket if your gonna buy this go buy the inlet tube and a felpro gasket
Brakes pads didn't come with the aluminum silencers you get with most brakes had to re use old ones
Works as advertised. Switch is a little cheap feeling and price is kind of high, considering how much I already paid for the steps.
not as brite as expected
I replaced the normal bulbs in my motorhome. They are not Brad got enough and will be finding brighter ones. They work just not enough output.
Would give five stars but it came to me opened as if it had already been used
It is made from bad material , but I think it will to do its job, open the the door
There was NO Adhesion so we can attach to the ground
Used this when installing my camber bars on 2011 CRV. Ok to get it in the ball park but not great. Definitely need to have a professional alignment. I would not buy this product again. I can eyeball verticals about as close as this thing can measure it.
Takes up a lot of space.
Delivered to wrong Apt but I got it thanks
I was expecting this to be bright green like it shows. It's more of a dark green. This isn't going to show up as well and I'm disappointed in that. Otherwise I'm sure it'll work fine. Just disappointed the color doesn't match the picture.
The front flares on my dodge dakota did not seal up properly disappointed for what they cost.
It's OK, kind of flimsy but you get what you paid for.
Like these very much, have two and they both show same readings and checked against TPMS readings. Well made and easy to use.
Fast delivery- good quality, came with gasket. My only complaint is low pressure. My other spray nozzles reach further and allow for higher pressure. Ok for the veggies though.
Wiring being longer would aid in a clean proper install as it stands I needed to redo it
I ordered these for my 2014 CVO Softail Deluxe,they told me they would fit, but they are bitch to get in, something is not right. I am using them for blinker, etc lights. What seems to be the problem???
same thing as purple power just dilute
Had an issue with one of the gauges had to return the set. Full refund, great service.
The ring is too wide and do not fit the rv opening on the bottom , Had to connect old one first and then connect this one.
Missing hose. That is supposed to come with it.
Didn't come with straps as the pictures and description suggested. Its also difficult to find the strap without the ends on it. So far, I have just used ratchet straps. It works, but it would be nice to utilize the connectors attached to the bag itself. Additionally, its a little awkward to load without some structure. Just flops around a lot and if it rained, expect that water will get inside as you attempt to load/unload the contents. In general, it seem to be well made.
Did not stick to 2017 Chevy Tahoe.
Gotta give it three stars cause it looked good. This thing was the most uncomfortable seat ever. Maybe 30 mins ride time. I can't knock it completely for that though. I mean looking at it you know it's not going to be good for long hauls, but even cruising around town on this thing was too much.
Slight upgrade from factory garbage speakers they put in the soundbar
It says it's for a mini Cooper but it's still too big and takes longer to set up
This would be MUCH better if they had some sort of tabs on the left/right edges so you could connect a 2nd unit. It's a little too narrow to nail dead-on when you enter the driveway.
Was pretty good, haven't used it yet but it fit...
Package arrived on time and well packed. Looks great on my 2007 Wrangler JK and fabric is better than factory top. The only thing that was disappointing and frustrating was I didn't know I was going to need factory parts from old top. Parts needed should be at top not in fine print at bottom. Even that was not all correct. If getting this idem you will need Header, Window pieces, and Tailgate Parts.
Didn't like that it came in folded in half. It has suction cups which is great but sometimes they don't want to hold. The elastic is already looking stretched out after only 2 weeks of use and even then it is only used when I park at work. It is really cute and looks good on my car. I'll probably have to replace the elastic wrap for when it is closed soon.
It's easy to use but difficult to read. The big bubble in the center is quite annoying.
I used this on white leather sandals and it turned them florescent purple
The passenger side cover fit perfect but the drivers side did not. I heated it up with a heat gun to get them to at least go on the Jeep but it seems like the drivers side did not get cut right. I got it to work but not all that happy with. If the Jeep wasn't black I would probably take them off.
Seems to be good quality, biggest issue is hanger on pipe before muffler way to big and to close to factory mount. Had to cut both but rubber hanger is to close to pipe and burns
Easy to use but not sure how long it will help extend the life of my leather seats.
I don't have much to complain only that for the driver side on the bottom left edge by the door does not stay flat kind of just stay up. I even try to use a heat gun to see if it will fit better and stay down so it doesn't catch the door when closing. Other than that it's easy to clean and looks great.
Broke after one week of use
I needed to add a blade fuse to my Jeep to power my new refrigerator (which is about a 5-6 amp load). These were inexpensive and looked decent and I can always use some spares around. I have doubts about the wire actually being 10 gauge and the fuse holder itself is typically cheap but for my purpose it's excellent. I only left three stars because again, I wouldn't use this at 30 amps.
Shipping was fast but was missing fuel filter in the kit
I just received my light bar in the mail, and installed it but I do not have the wiring kit to finish the install not sure who to talk to about how to get the kit
Not loving it to much..its ok
Not the greatest massage chair, but probably the greatest you can get for the price. Mine broke from heavy use - so know that it you are looking for a "long term investment" purchase something else.
Work nice but adhesive on back not sticky enough to keep on garage wall
The horn plunger and sleeve was a real pain, but eventually got all the pieces to fit.
Good this time the last one I ordered was for another vehicle.... It took a long time to schedule an install.. that's when I found out it was the wrong hitch
Mine was damaged at delivery but still functional. Very slow motor
It's OK. It makes your headlight oily so it will looks new after a week it slowly goes back to the way it was before
Didn't open yet but they look legit
Rear dome lights do NOT fit 2013 f-150. Too short! Everything else works. No labels on anything. You can figure it out but not the best
Mirrors mounted fine and fit fine. For some reason the driver side mirror is ok, but the passenger one vibrates bad and needs to be adjusted every few days due to the vibration.
The gloves are true to fit. Be sure to measure your hand. My hand measured at the upper limit of the large glove and just fit. The gloves smell horrible! As if treated with some type of chemical. They do not smell like leather. They have a smooth palm of the glove and slipped on my handlebars. I would rough up the palms before using as it could be dangerous to have them slip at an inopportune time.
It is cute but a little too "distressed" for me.
The red paint is not very bright.
Bright but single beam. Had to return
Feels cheap & doesn't stay lit with the slightest breeze or breath. Wouldn't buy again, but it works.
seem ok it's just blank key that need to be cut. not sure you are getting a deal.
Not sure if I can keep these. They seemed to fit well but we had some rain recently and I am finding that water is leaking into my front doors. I made sure that the front tabs are not in the channel, they are supposed to funnel the water away from the internal door structure. I also think that they sent me a used set of rain guards. They were scratched up and looked like they had been handled quite a bit when I got them. There was no adhesive in the packaging so I am not sure if this was just an old model that they wanted to get rid of.
kinda pricey for what they are, and had to return because the installation required that the crack in your seat goes all the way through...if it doesn't they don't stay put. also not as padded as i imagined
Took 8 days after product received to finally get some instruction on how to repair scratches and scuff! Need to have better instruction on how to use?
Had to file it down to fit. Also had to cut off about 1/2 inch because it was hitting the a/c compressor. 05 Ford F-150 5.4L
Its a nice idea made well but doesn't really work for me I am a bit wide with this it rubs
It came with 3 lefts and one right, you can only build one corner (Like 3 left shoes and one right)
One side latches correctly and tightly. The other side latches but not tightly at all. It better than the broken latches but not by too much.
The shape isn't EXACTLY the same as the picture. However, they fit the fender profile exactly. Biggest problem is only one screw hole matches exactly. The rest have to be drilled.
Same collar as the cheaper versions but wrapped in different plastic. Worked great for a few days then died even with new batteries, just like the other versions. Will work again ever 5th use but consistency is key for something like this.
Really wanted this iPad holder to work as it is big enough for us to insert the iPad into the see-through plastic case without removing the protective case. This is a huge deal when traveling - it's completely impractical remove it from its childproof case each time we want to mount it in the car. The iPad fits great, and works fine for the child who is looking directly at the iPad, but unfortunately the child in the OTHER seat cannot see anything because of the glare off of the plastic cover. Literally, nothing, just a bright glare. I posted a question about this and got four responses saying nobody had any trouble, so I'm guessing nobody had a second child in the car. Additionally, be aware that the iPad in this holder does lie very low, even if the Organizer is secured as tightly and as high as possible to the seat. The iPad ends up resting about halfway down the setback, quite low. Despite this, it would have been very functional if the screen were visible properly from the other backseat. As it is, we have no choice but to return as its unusable for our purposes :( I have 3 stars because it would be fine for a single child, and the organizer arrangement was very functional.
Nice piece, fits fine, only complaint is that it requires a 1 7/16" socket, not a 36mm like every other OEM and aftermarket cap I've used.
it seems like a lot of other buyers have the same problem where the fangs aren't present on the mask, why is that?
Update: showed up Monday instead of Thursday. Instead of 2 weeks late it's only a week or so. Shipping still sucks but not as bad as originally. Original: They're telling me it is going to take over two weeks to get this part. It also apparently takes two business days to get an email back. No customer service telephone number required. I'd have done better paying double at a stealership. Then I'd have my part so I can take my car on the trip I need it for.
This does a great job jump starting cars. As a usb power bank its capacity is less than i'd expect but it will do the job. However mine has no QC3 output. great product otherwise.
I was unable to hear my radio let alone anyone that called with tha earpieces under the pads so I placed them on thee outside of the earpads...I can hear great now
Great light. Cheap switch failed after a dozen uses. Would switch on in the middle of the night. This caused the wife to jab me awake to click click click the switch and make it turn back off. Swapped out switch with a rocker type.
I've been using S100 since about 2004, and I've always gave it 5 Stars. But this new jug just doesn't have the cleaning power that previous jugs have had. Did they dilute the product or change the formula?? I don't know, but it sure doesn't work as well.
Still have some spots that didn't come clean, and it took ages to rinse off.
one of the actuator lifts seems a bit weak
Worked okay for my wife's Buick SUV (BUT I had to put some rubber foam inside to tighten the cover. This one was essentially to big for 15 inch and the other was really to big for 16 inch (manufacturer definitely has to take a look at their method in finding the right dimension.
Have been good, but just had one bulb have its low beam go out. The high beam works, but not the low beam
This kit did not fit my lower unit. all the gaskets and pump were good the lower housing had an oring base which would not fit. was the right part number for my unit, something is mixed up.
Started a very dead minivan battery easily. However, it failed to start a Prius using the front jump start terminals. Direct connection to the battery was necessary.
They work well and easy to see in the dark . , wish they were a little deeper though not a lot to grab
The scanning feature works fine, but it errors out when trying to clear a code.
Fits nice and looks good, however I received without the mesh and my order was with the mesh. I contacted the seller and they acknowledged that they were out of the mesh ones. They issued me a partial refund. I wish they would of told me they were out of those as I would of gone with another vendor. Very sneaky to send me what I didn't order. Shady company.
I keep this for spare in my RV along with a spare hose and yellow teflon tape.
Worked good for 19 months then died fan still works.
This is made of good material, with a good adhesive, but the diameter is not large enough to completely fit around the edge of a door.
Not great quality, but an inexpensive way to balance tires at home
The product itself looks awesome and that's why its getting 3 stars. Other than that, the instructions were only for installing the two arms to the center grill piece and they were barely legible. I was shorted 4 screws to attach the grill together. The grill itself fits very odd, it doesn't have the curvature it needs to achieve the desired look. so the four points stick out a bit past the hood and the very center of the grill goes in somewhat. When I'm driving obviously its unnoticeable so it doesn't bother me too much, I'm going to try some other things to see if I can get the grill to settle in better however after the first install I'm a bit disappointed..
This was not easy to install because I had to adjust all the straps which was difficult. We drove through a lot of rain and all of our clothes which were also in bags were soaking wet. I smelled like mildew until I could find a washing machine. Nobody wants to do laundry on tons of clothes as soon as they arrive for a beach vacation. We did seal the carrier but still the rain got in. I wish I would have spent more money and bought the hard case.
The bag arrived quickly and in good shape. The issue is the bag is light gray and not black as shown in the listing. I have the same bag I purchased 5 years ago and it is black (exact same V-6 model), so I expected a black bag as shown. The bag is fully functional, but the interior of my vehicle is black and I ordered the bag to match the color.
Kinda a pain to get them to cover my full windshield in my 2016 Elantra. So it might work better on other cars just not mine unfortunately.
that came with the kit. . . Overall, I am not sold on paintless dent pulling after working on my 2005 Scion which was in a hail storm before I bought it.
Very strong smell lingers weeks later.
Good product. After I went on a hunt down for another screw similar to the faulty one they sent. I just don't get how I got a blank screw. No thread on it hahaha it's lasted 2 months fine tho.
My saddlebags didn't look exactly like the one pictured. Overall they're ok. The bottom sags enough to touch my pipes but hasn't caused any problems yet. I'm finding more and more the delivery date gets pushed.
Nice quality but cheap rings to hold keys
They are very sharp looking to me. Wished they fit, but they don't, on top of the $8 cost for shipping, i wish i had done more research.
light is bright, but the mounts are a pain to install and are pretty flimsy
Bought 40, installed 23. One smoked immediately, literally smoked and blew! The rest are working. I noticed the more they are on, the dimmer they get?
One bulb came in not working. The others still work perfectly
Achieved the desired goal. Before and after placing the order, I knew that $100+ for a piece of black plastic was steep. Now there are aftermarket models out there for significantly less
I expected more from iridium but they foul just as fast back to normal plugs...
Looks nice but does cover much of the stem
One was defective suppose to be sending new one
These are really cute but no instructions. The side of front seat has a hole in it and not really sure how to keep it closed. Red is more like a reddish pink. Looks good but a tad off in color. Found an online YouTube video to help with install. Not sure about durability or ease of cleaning as just purchased.
Love the mount. But cup is a little small and the depth is a bit shallow.
They fit, but are flimsy
Not to bad . Very bright headlights
Nice size for the back of a full sized crew cab pickup. I like the cover design. Can Holds alot. Weak magnet so much so you can't feel it grabbing at all when you open the lid. I'll probably fix the lid with either a stronger magnetic or velcro.
Feel better having it
Looks great but the only problem was the tape that was applied onto it already. It was set too low and it would be exposed when I installed the visors. So then I had to take the tape off and reapply a new one on each visor. Other than that it's been serving its purpose.
You must mount these in the short round switch holders to mount in a lighter style hole. The long switch holders do not have anything for the switch locks to grab. The switch will fall out of the long adapter. Mount switch without holder in a 3/4" Hole for a cleaner look
Well built product, for the most part. The bottom flap was sewn too small to fit the bottom strap, I ended up cutting it a little bit to fit. Happy with it for the price.
Looks good but sits high and I had to adjust my hood latch. Wish it would sit at the same height of the stock grill it would get 5 stars.
I'm buying another, because the one I bought in April of 2017 is finally coming apart. Value, you bet. I put 40,000 miles on my car every year, and if I rent a car I take it with me. Easy install? Eh, I drive an SUV so I've grown accustomed to adjusting it when it needs it.
.Good quality we're definitely buy from the seller I received it very quickly I would definitely order again from this company
It definitely is something you could make yourself but for the price you might as well buy this with your other special tools for fork work. It was very very handy for my seal replacement and made leveling my oil a breeze. Only thing I found wrong was it seemed on mine the measuring needle part was upside down as compared to videos I saw on it. Easy fix though, I didn't even flip it I just used math and subtracted from 300 instead of counting up from 0
Great Bulb, work amazing
I Initially had issues with these units being too quiet like others have said, however I solved this by moving the speakers from behind the cheek pads to in front of the cheek pads. So the speakers are now directly touching my ears when the helmet is on instead of having an additional layer of fabric in between. I also noticed the volume is different depending on audio source. Bike to bike is actually pretty loud I could hear my buddy fine even at 85 mph (he was hearing a bit of wind noise though). Music is a bit quieter followed by answering phone calls paired to a mobile phone being almost too quiet (before moving the speakers). Music quality is obviously not great but at this price point I was not expecting it would match any set of headphones. Battery life seems to be good as well went for 3 relatively long rides (music and intercom) and it didn't die. I am not aware of a way to check the state of charge. If you are looking for a good COMS system for the cheap at 40 bucks a unit these are a solid choice but if you want good music quality then consider other options.
Does the trick well but annoying because the clips don't fit under all parts of our top rack on our Town and Country. Fixed by removing clips and reattaching but took a decent amount of time. But otherwise we like it
Good product. Feels solid which is nice but I have a bit of trouble latching it onto some tire stems without leaking a bit of air, but once it is on its fine.
Works for a bike carrier!
Fits perfect with my Mustang. Definitely helped keep the inside a little cooler.
Fixed my A/C problem
Price was nice and installation wasn't hard either.
I would rather have OEM style but these were cheaper and got the job done, some edges were a little wavy, and some pieces overlapped where they shouldn't have. Made it work though.
I have only had these a few days, and I'm impressed so far. Yes they have to be cut and programmed however , I was able to get a local hardware store to cut them for 3 dollars a piece and since I did not have 2 original keys, I had to take to a dealer to program. They only charged 77 plus tax for as many as I wanted so I in turn bought 2 more keys and had 4 done. Granted since you don't buy the key from them they can't guarantee if they will work it kinda bites but for less than cost of one key at a dealer I was able to get 4 with a little leg work. The only reason for not all 5 stars is I don't know how study they are in long run for durability they feel just like the original.
It arrived on time and fitted perfect
In all my years of buying from Amazon and all the packages I've ordered, this was packaged with the most care. It was like opening a present. A little pricey but I'm glad I supported this company.
The antenna looks great on the truck and is easy to install! The sun faded the color on it, but it looks better now. The only down side is the sound quality decreases with AM/FM. For me, it's not a big deal as I listen to Sirius radio and Bluetooth music from my phone. Would recommend this product to everyone though!
It is missing one star because it does tend to streak really bad but it is not a terrible product.
I follow a link on Facebook to buy it. I only wanna have a try. To my surprise, its functions are so useful. Recommend it to DIYers.
Pretty much exactly what I wanted. Later I may go for something more elaborate but for right now it'll do.
Worked well but hose bibs a bit longer than replaced part.
This gets hot after inflating the tires of one small SUV up to the recommended pressure for each tire. A bit of a bummer, because we have two cars. But on the plus side, it's cordless. Not having to take out an extension cord is a real convenience.
Got this for a friend. He seems to like it. Said it was relatively easy to install.
Instructions are a little vague , and not very intuitive. Website for update very slow. Requires PC, no MAC. But once everything got updated and I figured out the instructions, the unit works great.
Works ok ,nice long handle ,it needs to have bend at head so it won't touch truck.
Pros: 1. Covers well 2. Material seems of good quality Cons: 1. doesn't look as tight and neat as I would have liked it to. 2. Takes a while to install, especially if you want it to look good.
First of all.. I've read all the reviews. I had previously purchased some other brand chinese LED lights that did not work at all (there's three rows of LED on that one.. avoid them..).. I eventually settled on these even after reading reviews. At first when installing.. only 1 row on one worked, and both on the other.. the 1 with one row had a pin not connecting nicely (ground).. that was easily bent into a better position and fixed. I taped the connector once over with electrical tape, then used a flat head (with some struggling) to push the connectors deeper into the mirror one at a time. Making sure the lights are working I pushed the lens into the mirror, they DID NOT snap tight.. if I slightly pushed it they'd come out.. this was a no go.. what is happening is the latch on the LED lens is not seating itself.. so what I did is pushed it in all the way, and then on the mirror side (with mirror turned up and away) I used my flat head and forced the latch to seat itself (it takes some force, it won't break the latch) and once it's seated.. the lens isn't going ANYWHERE, highway, bumps or not.. so far so good. They fit and look GREAT. Just a little hassle with the wiring, and getting the latch to seat itself so they stay securely put.
They are bright but mine are opposite my high beams point down instead of up.
Bright as shit. Easy to install but it's vey flimsy
So far so good, plastic could be stronger, we'll see how it holds up.
I'm not sure they are the best wipers.
I have a 2010 Rav4 which is a smaller SUV and I had to push the headrests all the way down to get them to fit (barely!) and really stretched them to their limit... I am not sure how long they will last. Also, There should be two more straps with plastic holder that holds the area where the bottom and back of the seat meets
I would of rated this product 5 star but because the vent visor logo fell off the bug guard when driving the vehicle I'm not going to, the logo should of been secured better to the guard !
The light output is good. The 9006 lights are loose on their base and the 9005 bulbs had to be ground down to fit my headlight housings because they are too big. However, for the price I am happy and they seem to work well.
With some fabrication I was able to mount this to my 1985 cj7 looks great and seems to be strong not as thick of a material as I would like but still seems strong
This product didn't end up being right for me and when I returned it they gave me a FULL refund. The customer service was great! They helped me out a lot.
I can't seem to get it to put out full power but it works a hell of a lot better than the 80 amp stock alternator for my new stereo system.
Liked fit & finish but the adjustment stud was longer than original. Almost too long!! If I ever have to adjust i'll Probably have to use vise grips. :-(
My one complaint with this (as long as it lasts a reasonable amount of time) is that the instructions are rather terrible. Aside from that I had a battery go bad a few months after ordering this and it got me to and from work with plenty more power for more jumps. I'll add it jumped a Cadillac DTS with a large completely dead battery (used boost) with no problem. I really didn't think this paperback sized device was going to jump my Caddy and was pleasantly surprised. Although I haven't used it for charging devices like phones I like that it has that option. Well worth the money to have one of these in every vehicle imo, sure beats jumper cables which btw aren't all that much cheaper anyways and require (likely) the kindness of a stranger or someone else to work, and take up more trunk space. I would buy again and recommend to a friend.
Installed this set on my atv. Product comes in nice and neat packaging. The whole setup is plug and play with a relativly easy install as long as your patient with hiding the wires. App works great and the lights will come on the same color you turned them off. Led housing is stout material that i will enjoy torture testing in the mud! Only 4 stars because the wires are way to long for atv's and would be very difficult to cut and shorten. Had to ziptie lots of extra wire up out of the way.
I like this box, when it's wired right a little light pops on to show you which fuse has blown.
The headlights are great they really give good light the only problem is I had one that went out and it took forever for them to solve the problem I bought a new set and it got here before they send me the replacement one but they're really like the area good
These fit the machine as described, came in good packaging no scratches, they only reason for a 4 star is the passenger side door was bent out slightly at the bottom, but still did the job. great product
I use in my truck for working on a laptop.
worked once the unit was configured. Much cheaper even with buying the tool to configure.
I wish they were wider. I put two on the same side and have to set them at different levels to fill the gap.
Smaller than I thought but does the job I wanted it for. Cheap throw away towels for spills in the garage and a couple time use hand towel for the garage sink.
Well made and does what it should.
Really easy to install. I had a small problem with mine at first but customer service immediately sent me a replacement. Very good quality
After replacing the new one, the air in my car become so much better. The only thing I don't like it the air flow is not as strong as I install before.
only worked for a couple of weeks but found there was a screw that came loose works so far great
Works well, it does slowly deflate over an hour, so not good for long term stable propping. but for the short term adjustability it is really good.
Works ok but I would suggest using a more heavy duty one.
These fit my Challenger's seats very well. Much easier to install than other covers I tried. The only bad thing is there is no opening for the seat release lever. It is still a chore getting the straps under the seat. For the driver's side had to raise the seat as high and as forward as it would go to reach underneath with all the motors and wires.
I may have missed reading this, but be aware this product appears to contain a large proportion of sawdust, much like a very tough plastic wood. This is great if you need filler, but if you're mating finely matching parts, the bulk gets in the way. Instead use a traditional furniture epoxy. (Sears sold some of the best I've ever used.)
I thought they had a no slip back
installed in 2017 Jeep Wrangler. low beams are way brighter than factory. high beams only marginally brighter. worth the price.
One sensor was bad out of the box. That's the reason I've been unable to get the tpms system programmed.
Not hard to install but the covering material is very slick and you need to put a rug or other non-slip surface on top of it if you don't want you pet slipping around while seated on it.
We bought this for my son to use during a 13 hour car drive. This did help though he found it annoying and it did have issues with the Velcro being strong enough to keep his head within the headrest.
My a.c. in my car don't work so I needed something to make it cooler but with this fan you need cooler air already to feel cool air coming from it.
Easy to install good quality heavy duty better-than-expected
Looks nice, and is functional. difficult instructions.
Looks great on my ford f 150
Bumper arrived in good shape one small ding. Looked great and fit perfect. Before ordering check to be sure you have mounting hardware on your frame it had previously been removed and a roll pan bumper installed. Took several weeks to find missing hardware. I finally located what I needed in a parts yard.
For the price point I'm keeping this and will try to figure out how to clean up the white smears all around it. Just got it today, these photos are of the item straight from the box to the Jeep. Very easy to put on, 31" fits perfect on my wheel.
These work fine but are slightly smaller than the original ones and are not exact fitment.
Item was lost in mail and the seller was very nice about a refund.
works pretty well but the temperature monitor doesn't seem to switch kick in consistently.
These are as good as any I've seen . Daymaker for sure. Easy to install. Can see good on side of road were deer come out. Cant beat price!!!
Great gloves for an excellent price. Lightweight and breathable, with a little bit of protection and cushioning. Perfect for summer hot weather riding gloves. Only negative is the fit - definitely size up one size. I also had to work mine in / stretch them out a bit to fit more comfortably, especially on the thumb. The seam digs into the end of thumb right at nail bed, really wad to work to soften the thumbs so I could wear. Even now it's still a bit tight on the thumb, gets a little sore, but no long lasting effects. Overall happy and as gloves continue to break in they'll get even more comfortable.
Has a very nice leather smell. Not at all fake or cheap smell. Would recomend for car , boat or RV since in smaller areas lasts longer. Maybe for home office. Have been using in apartment and doesn't last that long.
Works good hard to set
no 5 starts because is not EOM, other than that great, cheap , works , good deal. Thanks
Bought this for my off-roading needs as it was priced lesser than other brands. It appears to be of a good quality, waiting to be tested. However, find that the material is too stiff, perhaps it will become more flexible after a couple of uses.
The bumper was excellent fit and finish pretty darn close to factory. Difference that I noticed We're Toyota badgers and tow rating. Gauge of Metal was exactly same as Toyota original equipment
So it works. It's a battery.
The lights are great. Gave my truck a great modern look. But the low beam pattern needs to be adjusted.
Fit perfectly just after opening the package it felt used or something. The materials stitching was coming up so I can feel little bumps under my hand can be distracting when your holding the wheel. But I can probably cut them off and be ok.
Needed to cut to fit in car
Great little swing arm bag. Big enough to hold all the pertinent papers and a few little things. Only marked down because you have to have the bolts exposed inside the bag and that's caused a drink I was carrying to pop, soaking everything inside the bag. Tape up the sharp edges of the bolts and you should be good.
Typical made in China, a bit sloppy on the covering but otherwise fine. Too small and lightly padded for big people, over 200 pounds. Fine for me and it works well. You need some basic skills to properly assemble it. The product came with 10 washers but the packing list says 8, which is correct. If you are tempted to put washers under the casters, don't, that will weaken them. One washer on each side of the 4 bolts is correct.
The first one was detected but they were kind enough to send me another one free of charge
Not a real antique but it works for me
I needed to tow my MG Midget in for repair and these lights were just what I needed to be legal. Like the fact they are LED so should last a very long time. Great value.
This is perfect for me since I spend most of my day stuck in an office chair and bent over a computer screen. My legs and back feel a lot better than they usually do thanks to this. It feels like I'm sitting on a very soft pillow all the time. I wish it came in more colors though.
Nice but kinda cheap
It came packaged securely, delivery wasn't the fastest, but it came in the time frame they provided. It is still cracking well, we will see how long it last.
Product works great had trouble figuring it out. Only add 1oz of soap and gill rest up with water.
They do what they are suppose to warn people about a new driver but the quality was not great all 3 were cracked the magnet part was fine. The colors were also different than represented in the photos. A brighter color like bright yellow would be better.
Fully covers windshield and holds even in the Windy City, Chicago.
These are bright and built pretty good. But, a bit overpriced for the name and other more affordable led bulbs I've used are just as bright and built extremely well and durable.
Great product, wires and adapter are sturdy. Wires are together which avoids tangling. Only wish they were longer (to use on other batteries / machinery).
exactly what I was hoping it was gonna be like, see in spring if it holds up thru the winter
Not bad ends could be better made had to cover with rubber paint to keep water from getting in
Most everything is good quality. The aluminum clips are the only pieces that lack. Overall totally worth the pricetag.
Bought it for 2016 Ford Explorer..Very high quality seat covers. Didn't rip during installation. Had to adjust certain spots and cut holes for headrest. Took a lot of time (1.5 hrs) to install but overall it was worth it. Quality feels like it should last awhile.
I DO like these 'lids'. The design is ingenious. Kudos to the inventor/developer. PROS Fits the tab perfectly Aids in lifting tab Convenient 'always on' Will reduce spillage CONS Will not contain carbonation Will not contain spillage Does not inspire confidence in opening can Possible injury to thumb when opening can All that said, some context is in order. Initially, I was looking for something to contain the carbonation for cans left in the fridge overnight, and reduce some slight uneasiness about nearby science projects easing death into my soft drinks. These looked very simple, and though pricey at eight USD, I appreciated the clever design. Ordered even though I realized these were not intended for my use case. The work very well for their intended use, and fairly well for mine, as noted above. There is only one caveat, for which I deducted one star. (I usually don't give the fifth star until I observe a high level of durability over time. That was not this case though.) The width of the two 'tines' that encircle the tab actually *impeded* opening the can. They press on the surface of the can that doesn't open. You're instructed to press on the tab with your thumb while pulling up on the back of the Barricade. On two cans my thumb went into the opening somewhat. There were no cuts, but I can see that as a possibility, unless maybe you have wide meaty digits. Using the device to try to open the can gave me the impression it could snap at any second. I found it much easier to open the tab as I always do, then attach the Barricade afterwards. For anybody who has trouble lifting the tab, using the Barricade to lift the tab up enough to grab it without the device might be a better way to go. Aside from the price, I'd recommend these for their intended purpose. I'll get full caps for overnight storage in the fridge, but I really like these guys for daily use. They work well enough for me and possibly better for others.
This product was very easy to install, but unlike the OEM, this does NOT include the nut to secure the new antenna mast. If you are missing that nut, you may have to check a junkyard or figure out some other solution, as that nut is not available as a standalone aftermarket product. Minus one star for the mismatch between the OEM inventory and what this ships.
These installed just as the OEM motors. They come with new rubber seals but they did not have integrated strainers on the seals like comes from the factory so I just reused my original seals with strainers. They appear just as the OEM but are obviously a knock off as they do not have any markings to indicate part number or manufacturer.
These are well made and soft. No worries about them scratching paint.
Quality is good, specs as specified
Nice tool added to my toolbox
Jack works great for 100 bucks however the packaging was torn to bits and one of the bolts that act as the brake was bent during shipping. I cannot contact the seller to get a partial refund so I'm writing this review. But wouldn't change the fact that I'd buy this product again if I had to.
Looks like it came with the truck, fits perfect
Did what I needed it to do.
Not bad for the price. Folds in and out fairly easy. The only issue with mine is that it doesn't quite like to fold around my rear view mirror (2016 VW Passat).
Awsome decal, was a bit difficult to remove from the backing but i will definitely buy more.
The product is fine but the way it was advertised was deceptive I thought I was getting a dent pulling machine not a bunch of Dent pulling attachments
The beads were easy to install but I ran into a problem with the supplied valve cores not seating in the stem far enough. I had to reuse my old valve core to inflate my tires. I would definitely buy these again each time I change tires but get yourself a supply of valve cores and just buy the beads by themselves.
Works like the original.
works great no lifting anymore
The glass screen was a bit loose, but other than that the tester works great
My truck would not start without plugging in the heater the original OEM is very small compared to the White Rodgers went out this morning at 26 degrees and truck fired right up, no more plugging in. Also, mine arrived with no new nuts or lock washers larger posts nuts are different than OEM had to go to the box store and find some that fit. Other than that my problem is fixed cranks right up.
First off, yes, this fits a 2018 Colorado ZR2. On the Fab Four website it says it won't fit the ZR2 package but it did. Although, it needed some custom work done to the spare tire lowering port for the plastic to fit. This bumper is really heavy duty and I know my back end is much more protected now. Plus it has the added steps as the stock ZR2 bumper doesn't have any because they would get sheared off when rock crawling but these are thick solid steel. Besides the extra work for the spare tire port the only other nitpick is the fact that it bulges out on the sides and it is flat which is a bad thing as far as aerodynamics are concerned. Although it is probably negligible it would have been nice to have had it angled even a little to improve air flow. Besides those two small complaints I like the bumper and I would recommend it if you want a good looking, protective, and functional bumper. Also, if you're wondering why this ZR2 is so clean it is because it just got a complimentary car wash, it is usually covered in mud.
Great little fan and easy to upgrade a standard vent. Moves much more air than the little 4" fan. But not quite as much as the larger ones. But those require complete replacement of the vent and the roof work that goes along with it.
Seem of good quality not happy with the brightness. I put 6 under motorcycle and its lit up but not as bright as I would like.
Sturdy little trash can! Sad it wouldn't fit in my car door but I gave it away to a good home.
Fix heater in our RV.
The product is great for keeping your paint protected and your car clean. After the first application, I only have to wash my car with some water (I do a full wash every couple of weeks) and it is done. However applying the product is not as easy as it sounds, you have to dry your car and then buff out as it will leave streak marks if you only do a quick dry.
Since I didn't have a set place to put coins in my car, I bought this to help with the situation. While the quality isn't the best, it's affordable and serves its purpose of storing and counting coins.
Not the exact match but works OK
Fits as described, lightweight and comfortable, like the removable liner and that it is a full liner rather than just the center. Used it for several rides in variety of temps and has been comfortable for all. Little warm on hot days if not moving, but vents work well.
The bags were great except for a major paint flaw/paint cracking on the inner right bag. Bags showed up preassembled as advertised. The lock are sturdy and the keys work on both locks. The paint was good for the price. It had some depth to it and with a little wish and some care it will shine like factory hopefully. The bags are comparable to OEM. I will post an update after a few road trips.
They work pretty good on small hail dents
Kept me warm. No major issues. Fit pretty well. I would recommend to anyone looking for cold and wind protection without spending a ton of money.
I haven't had a chance to use it yet. But the remote frequency seems to be common because it fires off every once in a while. There is no way to turn off the remote receiver at the winch.
arrived on time product as described
Good unit, but is clearly labeled, "Made in China". I chose this one because the description included made in the USA.
Vary nice fit . With deep wells to hold snow or water
It was as described,perhaps a little higher than expected.
Very handy, not in close quarters though. A good time saver!
Look great, fit great, no wind noise. Right mirror power went out after a week.
Doesn't stick as well as expected.
If I put it in the next year will up date
Look really nice. They are just a hair bigger than the stock letters.
We purchased two of these. One brand new and one open box. The open box one was missing a ratchet strap but luckily we had some extras. Assembly was a little difficult but we figured it out eventually. The ratchet straps aren't the highest quality so if you're going long distance you'll want to stop every once in a while to check and tighten your straps.
Works great took the squeaking out and looks great
Fantastic cover for your bed. Installation was a breeze. Great value for the money. I do wish it had better sealing at the back of the bed, you will definitely need to get some rubber stripping to prevent rain water from leaking in. I used this for a road trip to keep all my stuff in the bed of my truck. I couldn't ask for more. I does feel thin and maybe a little flimsy, but nothing has ripped and I'm very happy with this.
Sorry for writing a bad review previously, it was the chrome ones that sucked.
It is a little bigger than the standard one on your mirror, but I think it will look okay. Great customer service, my original order got lost in the mail and never arrived but they responded to me promptly and sent a replacement that day.
Product arrived pretty quickly, and in good shape. Quality product, and works well. Only downside was the 2 week shopping window I was given, but it arrived in less than 5 days, so happy about that
I bought the spare bracket along with a Dual set as a Father's Day gift. My husband either rides with me or our son, but not usually both of us at the same time, so we only needed two main modules. I like the system very much, but wish it had a regular boom mic which would situate the phone button to the rear of the helmet rather than the front. It's a little awkward for me. The wiring for the mic will need to be fastened down somehow. All in all, a small price to pay for this device that creates more social time between riding buddies.
Product was very easy to install, bright and no leakage so far. Only con is that the light doesn't illuminate the truck bed all that well.
Very nice product for the money
Okay, similar to the clips in RV. I would like to see a better quality material.
Not quite pro tool quality but all 4 functions are decent. I bought to put on my tractor. I bought the CTA tools and the Trades Pro brand pliers . they were equal in quality and functionality
Good for the cost. And for the first trial run. Not expecting much for the :$$ but I'm happy with it besides it could have better adhesion but I fixed that with 3m double sided tape
Works great for your backseat. It's not as long as a regular air mattress since it has to go perpendicular to your car. If your sears all lay flat, go with a different air mattress so you have more room to lay down. The quality of this isn't the best but it's worth what they are charging.
Good welds, looks super clean, great if you need a Y tip for a muffler delete. Only reason I'm giving 4 stars is because when I got them, they had a few Knicks in the blue
Feels and looks great, packaged safely. I used some 3m tape I had since the tape it came with wasnt enough to get it to stay smooth. Would need to remove the original emblem or shave it for it to stay flush and perfect.
It worked well in the door for my Toyota Sequoia. Had to do a slight adjustment to it to make it fit. But overall very happy with the product.
Seized up and not all-weather friendly
Wonderful product with strip at the bottom to attach to the back seat! Much stable with a lot of load!
Does exactly what it's supposed to, clean the smell of previous owners out of the car.
This a great idea. The feel and touch of this is really nice....super premium. I love this in my truck. My only complaint is that it adds a layer of fabric to the feet of the lid, so closing the lid is now a tighter latch connection....almost too tight.
The shocks work great. All i do is press the button to open the glass window and the shocks do the rest. The window opens by itself. The shocks were easy to install and appear to be very strong. I would recommend them.
Good quality, good price
I having try them yet but pretty sure they fit.
Good item but I do not really use it. Not needed at all.
Was hoping for something a little more adjustable. Great product if it's going to stay in a fixed location. Kinda hard to see out the back window so I loosen the straps when the pup's not in the hatch. The straps are obnoxiously long which may be needed with some car attachments/configurations. Not sure exactly how long, but feels like 6ft when all I needed was 6in.
I was skeptical about these light bars at first so I ran my own silicone around the lenses and where the wiring enters the housing and so far they work great, I have two behind the grill of my pickup and I live in an area with high moisture.
It's light weight and fairly comfortable. Tight on checks and a little loose in other places. Helmet lift at higher speeds
Quality is actually better than I expected and delivery was right on time as I have come to expect from Amazon. Price for value at this point looks extremely good. I have not used this item yet but will update when I do.
Was looking for a pouch that can protect my keys out in public and bag does the job 100%. My personal problem is the bag feeling too large and tough for me to have in my pocket or dangling from my belt.
Great looking headlights. They are very clear and greatly increased my sight distance. The fitment is slightly off from the OEM and it took quite a bit of work to get them in place and to a spot where I could adjust them. Installed on 2004 Chevy Tahoe 5.3.
DOES NOT FIT 07 CHEVROLET TRAILBLAZER AT ALL , ONLY THING THAT FIT IS THE HEAD REST COVERS WHICH ARE NO USE TO ME.
Very good to use off grid. I used this on deployment, and use every fruit the mess deck have to supply fiber to my diet. I have fun making smoothie because I burn more calorie to make it than consume it.
Worked, instructions sucked
the screws that came with it are to small for the hole they told to drill into the truck
Not the best-designed product. But it does work. Helps me with the starburst in the evening hours. My short wife loves it.
Works great, easy to use. Wish base was bigger and sturdier
Pros: I like the look, seem sturdy, even based on the attachment hole alignment below they were relatively easy to install. Cons: While they may have been based on laser measurements for the contour against the fender flares, the fastener holes did not line up properly, they were about a half a hole off, thus the four star review. I loose installed the fasteners starting them all at an angle before I was able to straighten them out
This was a good replacement of a good value, and does the job of holding up the hood of my 2003 F150 quite adequately
Love this cover. If you like bling then this is perfect. Fits well and looks great. The only thing I'm not sure about is the crown, the top of it is a little sharp and I worry about getting cut by it. I would buy again and I received it fast. Overall I love it. Thank you.
Four for the front, two for the rear. Works as intended... stops my Harley when it needs to be stopped. LOL!
These worked out really well. the brackets are holding nice and tight. When they are tightened down the rubber did squish out from under the bracket a little but not bad.
Item fit n works as described. Just had to kinda force it in but worked
Installed in less than 30 minutes. Exactly like old part from factory.
I was so inpressed by this! Must buy!!
Fit well for the most part. Had to slightly enlarge holes on the two center brackets to match up with the factory inserts on the truck. Threaded inserts on the bars were also slightly off and required some pry on the rails to line up. Install took 20 minutes max. Even with the issues still rating at 4 stars due to the price comparison from other vendors.
Easy plug in color coded installation EXCEPT there are two wires remaining. Another black wire (ground?) and a white wire which I assume would connect to the fuel sending unit since the gas guage isn't working but the sending unit wire is pink so I hesitate to connect two different colored wires together without a wiring diagram on such an expensive unit. Other than that, everything works well and looks great. Just wish they could provide some instructions. It's just the unit and the box.
Would give it one more star but i haven't installed it on to the car yet lol but really looking forward to ordering another one so i can install them both at once
Getting it installed was fairly straight forward. Someone younger and more flexible who doesn't have arthritis in their thumbs would have an easier time ðŸ˜„ But once they are on, they are really nice and don't appear to wrinkle up like my previous ones had a tendency to do.
Work well. Easy to mount and aim.
This is not what I received. The one I got also hooks to the front seats and keeps the pet from falling into the floor.
Everything is well made and with some skill and patience it works as designed. The one thing I have a issue with is the how small the glue gun is.
Good product, have to disassemble and modified to fit into old sockets
I bought this one because of it's price. I looked at others that were triple the price. I didn't know too much about the product and didn't want to overspend on something I was unsure of, but I was intrigued. I have a small compressor and it has to run a lot keep up with demand. I have to go slow, but it cleans surprisingly well. Max pressure is 90 psi. It comes with a spare whip nozzle and a brush attachment.
I liked the price and worked like they should
They fit quite well, one hole wasnt completely lined up and required drilling which i was unhappy with, but ive had worse before as well
Switch requires soldering the wires onto it and drilling a hole in your bed liner. The lights are flush-mount with double-sided tape. I wish the switch was too. You also have to provide your own splices to connect to your tail lights.
Got these for a friend and he loves them. Works great and very easy to install. Looks great too
Good quality but lots of sharp edges so if you dont seal it the sharp edges start to come off.
I just used this product on my fifth wheel. The area I cleaned has bug, road dirt and diesel exhaust on it since March 2019 and this stuff got it off with a little extra elbow grease.
Excellent product and good troubleshooting assistance.
It works for what I was wanting it for, but it's so much smaller than I was I was expecting.
Yes. I bought just to clean my eyeglasses. They work fine.
I love these! Just bought my 3rd set. The small ones will snap over the Allen head screws and the larger ones need a dollop of silicone to keep them on. They mostly will press on but I like to give a gentle (they crack easy) tap to seat them all the way. I've done car and bike shows for years and it's little things like this that put you ahead of the pack. Remember, the devil is in the details and essentially the smaller ones. I'd suggest buying 2 sets cause once you get going you'll be surprised at how many places you can use these.
It's not plug and play as they described. It wont clip so I ended using a tie strap to hold in place. Wasn't easy but overall at the end the appearance looks perfect that's why I gave this item 4 stars.
I love them I bought enough of them and drilled holes around the bottom of my windshield and have an ark of about six of them they look great
Ballast worked great when I first installed it then the headlight went back out a few hours later. I removed and reinstalled it again and it has been working since then. Don't know why it didn't work at first but it's performing great now.
Was surprised how nicely they fit
Great product was able to read ABS codes.
Does a good job, soft brush
It's a nice light for the price. The gears when moving are quite loud. It's bright and even comes with a magnet mounting and a permanent mount as well. Power cable is sufficiently long. Fine control of light isn't the best but it has ways around that. Would get again. But that noise is really distracting but yeah good buy. I'll try to make a video soon about the item
Recently upgraded a school bus to all LED lights and fixtures. This flasher worked great for my setup. Just need to ground the one wire and good to go.
the way these are shaped you should be able to find a corner they will match up to, good visibility aid
Wire is about as thick as headphone wire. Frustrating install but hey, they work. Looks pretty cool too.
My husband says it works great heavy duty he's not worried about it breaking when he uses it. Great birthday present.
The lift supports were easy to install and worked well
these work and pair well with any cars' system. I had no problem with them at all. easy for kids to use.
Product was great, almost like new. Easy to install, rear cab accessible, happy with product
I've only used it a couple times, but it seems to be much brighter than stock
Original item packaging was lacking protection. But packing from amazon was good. No damage to bearing. Just installed and is quiet so far. Cross my fingers
as described and shipped pretty quick.
great set of affordable tail lights, I read some bad reviews but I can't imagine why some people had trouble. they fit just like stock. The only bad thing about this set is the instructions are non existent and looked like they where written by someone who did not speak English. They are not the best quality but for the price you can't beat it. If you have trouble putting these in then tools are probably not for you. let a professional handle it.
Secure fit, bright. Only drawback I'd dual directional LEDs rather than 4-5 sides. Quality makes up for directional lighting.
Mirrors were easy to install and look great on my 2008 Dodge Mega cab.
Worked as expected. Shipped on time and without difficulty.
The product fits tightly against the bumper but there is only one screw holding the license plate level so it WILL move diagonally from time to time.
It's always helps to have a back-up cap remover just in case.
Working for 6 months and very bright. My wife loves them! Illuminated the entire road! Great price too
lighter duty than factory but worked good.
Nice product, but one light had to be filed down where it connects, it was too thick for the grommet and kept snapping it.
They were a little difficult to assemble parts did not align right, had to drill out and tap one hole when put together they are very sturdy. Some kind of instructions or diagram would have been quite helpful.
Works great but I was hoping the marbles were gone but same as new so I can't complain works great easy to put in....
Easy to install. Works great.
Mounted these on the front rack of an atv for carrying a 30" parallel limb bow. Took some finagling to come up with the right spacing to hold the bow while avoiding the sights, quiver, and other accessories; but, once that was figured out it does a solid job of holding the bow in place on very rough roads. You can also rotate them 360 degrees and lock them in at various positions which also helped get them at just the right angle. Ratcheting ability really helps to lock the bow in tight and the soft rubber lined fingers haven't marred the finish on my bow at all. Hardware could've been of better quality though. In order to get them mounted in the best possible way to hold my bow I had to remove/reattach several times and did end up having some stripping issues, but was still able to make it work.
These matched the factory hubcaps on my daughter's 2014 Toyota Corolla very well. They were easy to install and stay on fine. They are a little delicate if you have to remove them though. The guy at the tire shop broke one of them when we had new tires installed, hence the 4 stars. I had to buy another set. At least I now have three extras just in case. Overall, they are a good fit for the price.
Screw came loose on me while using it
Good. I bought it figuring it would not pump while connected to 12V car outlet, but the company should give it that capability on the next generation. In my case, I had planned to just use it at home, and keep the battery charged. A little extra effort on the English in the instructions would give a more professional appearance.
a bit bugger but very useful
Although I bought one too long for my vehicle, I was able to find someone that needed it for his boat. And it seems to have worked on it as I haven't heard any negative words about it yet...
its not very tailored but serves the purpose.
They work good but do tend to fall off when you are taking bags off of them
I use the mat in my 2017 Toyota Corolla for the truck and driver.
The manufacturer might want to melt or deburr the edges a little better. But all in all a great product.
Easy to install. Good instructions. Looks great. Only problem was that the locating tab that holds the cover from rotating broke very easily.
A little smaller than I thought but still works well. I wish it could fit more reusable shopping bags. I put a change of clothes for my two kids, some water bottles, small balls, umbrellas and rain ponchos in the pockets. Within a week, it started tearing on the strap.
As stated in other reviews, the instructions are completely in Chinese. I did use a Google translator (amazing app!) to translate enough for installation. However, having to translate operating instructions is cumbersome. Other than that, it seems to work very well for intended purposes for continual video recording front and back while on the motorcycle.
Arrived on time, and was nearly identical to the originals.
Were a little hard to install at first... after taking my time and popping the clips out to allow the grill to move they went on easily. Makes the truck look different. Lot of compliments.
I was skeptical buying this but I really like it, used it for my car seats and got the stains off!
These worked well on my 2007 Kawasaki Vulcan 900 classic. They are a little smaller than OEM blinkers and don't have the always on running light bulb for the front. They are good quality for the price and I have no regrets about buying them. These are not direct fit in that they will require wire testing, cutting and splicing. If you understand 12 volt wiring on a basic level and are looking for a low price replacement these are GREAT!
The set for the back floor is long and has a lump in the middle (which you can see a little in the pic). Other than that the mats work great.
Great product, easy to install, but being honest, I was short 2 washers,and 2 nuts and had to go get them which was inconvenient.. or I would give 5 star.
The overall length of the cable, which is what I wanted, was perfect. the issue is that the casing was about 1 1/2 inch too long. I was able to remove some to get it to work.
Only had them in my 2012 mustang for about 5 days but so far so good. Nice white color, decent brightness
They look good, they are comfortable but they give off this acidic smell. Not at first but after I kept them in my car for a bit a new smell got introduced... Also won't fit snug on bucket seats. Otherwise I like them!
Flexible which is great for removing to clean. Bought this way prior to others being offered, but does what it says
Bought for my daughter's car. Package arrived in a timely manner.
Wonderful for the price works great
Works great had to replace stop light on RV that never worked cause they put the wrong bulb in it!
Works great, but will discolor and turn a nice bronze like color over about 6-12 months lol.
works perfectly with stock electronics from original fob. great price. Rubber is a bit more soft and tacky than the original. have not had any problems with this though. the original key fits tight. Took the key from this fob to the dealership and they cut the key for free (other dealers may charge)
Love this bright orange and black snow brush. I think you will see it on the dark. Super heavy duty. It's great that it extends for our tall SUV and that the brush and ice scraper can snap off and on if that is your desire. My only complaint is that the size is great for my husband, but a little large and heavy for me.
Fast shipping. Used on a 96 Honda civic. Installed and car is running better than before.
Product is large and seems to be of quality, only time will tell if they last, no issues when installed.
Does the job well, but the cap on the spout doesn't snap or screw on in a positive way. So if there's a bit oil in there and it tips over in the truck, you've got a mess.
It is good, fixed the window and works good and fit perfect.
I have used Digest It RV toilet treatment for several years and it seems to work well. The product arrived as scheduled, but there was not label on the gallon jug. Just a small 3" by 1" address label with the name on it. No label containing directions, contents, warnings, etc. I can only assume I received the real thing.
Good blower, fit perfectly, easy to install but it is loud when operating.
No fuses, no breakers, just the empty distribution box and the 12v inverter. The only difference between the 30 amp and larger amp boxes is the bracket on which the circuit breakers clamp. Easy enough to change out. Came with a long enough bracket for 5 breakers. Swapped out the bracket from my old one so it can hold 5 breakers instead of the 3 in it. The part I needed was the inverter. My rig was not getting 12 v out of the box. I left all the wiring untouched. Swapped out the inverter and upgraded the breakers as above. Carefully connected the red & white 12 v cables from the inverter. Then carefully reattached the breakers and the white and green to neutral & ground. Last, connected the black wire to the circuit breaker. Flipped the breaker switches and everything worked perfectly.
Kind of wanted it to extend forward a bit more but it does a good job of holding my lights
I only use the windshield piece which is easy to use but my windshield is about 6" taller than the product. Better than nothing and it helps the temp in the hot sun quite a bit. The sides require suction cups so i don't use them, too much work. The back piece is a pita to fold back up and in my efforts, which took a good 10min, I ended up bending the wire so now it's deformed. In short I don't use it either, too much work....
I would give it 5 stars if it seated more snug. Overall it fit my 2006 mustang GT wiring perfectly.
Going on its second year of ownership and still works great! If I haven't just jinxed myself now.. JK.. Heavy enough build for my needs and it looks great and is quite bright especially at night time use. For the cost/money you cannot complain IMHO..
worked ok, still had to scrub quite a bit
They were suppose to be for my make &model car but they don't fit on the seat all the way.
Poor quality of paint- but over all not bad for the price.
the bottom part of the holder did not fit under my bumper so i had to cut the bottom piece off but it still works great and i'm loving it so far !
large tires take too long and it stops
Fit perfect, and works like new now.
Great quality. Easy installation. Not as bright as I was hoping for but for the price it is great!
was impressed with the parts. all fit as oem. will be buying from again
I love this bag! It is perfect for starting off as a new nurse. It has so many pockets to organize my belongings. Only downfall is I wish the straps were a bit longer.
good price, as advertised.
Overall, the radiator seems at least as well built as the original; hoses and lines for the transmission cooler all in the right places. The Jeep is good as new. However, the upper mounting bolt holes were too far apart, necessitating drilling one side of the mount on the body. As a side note, this repair is not for the impatient; in the GC, the steering box is enough in the way to make getting the old radiator out/new one in a real pain. A piece of advice: go ahead and replace the serpentine belt while you've got the radiator out--a 3 minute job.
4 stars because it Didn't come with any instructions, Not hard to figure out though. It's pretty sturdy and works good to take off rear wheel or whatever you gotta do.
Good junction but needs a cap to avoid accidental contact. I used a large vacuum plug. A lot of money for what it is.
Almost perfect. Once assembled it is great, and you can't beat the price. The instructions are a bit lacking but easy enough to figure out. One thing that should be mentioned in the instructions however, which I found with the help of another buyer's review, don't lay it flat and try to put on the top brackets-put in all of the large screws in the base, then angle it a bit to get the bracket holes to line up. Then tighten everything. With that trick it worked perfectly.
Nice cheek rest it has a comfortable patch of material right where your cheek would be. it fits the KSG perfectly, You could put an ammo strip on both sides of this cheek rest and be fairly comfortable. good buy
The exhaust hangs too low so it beats against my sway bar on my 2010 tC. And exhaust hanger fixed the issue... sorta. In addition the bolts for the down pipe are smaller so save the ones you remove from your stock exhaust, these will ruin the threading on your original down pipe
Received light for a quad upon receiving product high beam function didn't work contacted seller and had quick reply and they are send me a new pair of lights
Works great for hiding in the grill of my bronco but the mounting brackets had to be trimmed.
Bought these to go with the license plate holder. Kind of short.
Cheap price, fit just like OEM, no issues.
The console fits just find.
Didn't like the cleaner. Balm was easy to use and dries quickly
Perfect fit! Definitely makes the car look more sporty! Everyone with a 10th gen si should get these.
I haven't screwed it in yet, but it fits well in my 2012 Chevy Traverse with plenty of room to spare (several inches on each side). It should work just fine for my needs.
Very easy to install. Rubber o-ring lasted about 5 years in our hydrant. Had to pick it out because it was so dried. This kit fixed the leak.
I have performed a few double flares and the tool works well. Fit and finish is pretty basic. The cutter works very well. Good purchase for the price!
just what we expected.
Liked everything but when it rained water come in my windows...
it works just like you'd expect. my only complaint is that I cant use data and the ODB2 reader at the same time because it can only connect to iphone though wifi. Stinks if you are tying to search directions and use it at the same time. Its a pretty big annoyance for me. But it works so well at everything else and the price it great, so I give it 4 stars. I bought it because my temp gauge stopped working. It for sure saved me in the Californian High desert during the summer. My car started to overheat and I was able catch it before damage was done.
aid it was 3/8 drive I probably would have gone with another company . It should be fine though since I do have a long handled 3/8 drive ratchet.
I am giving four stars because it's so pretty but the two-sided tape that came with it was useless. I used some of my own gorilla glue two sided tape and it holds just fine. Once it's in place, it's very pretty.
Very tight fit getting it through the grommet and I lost a lot my reception on my radio but I was just going for looks anyways and to shorten it up so that I can fit a tour-pak on later, so no biggie as most the time I have my iPod hooked up anyways. All and all good quality product, everything I was looking for.
It protects the seat from getting tears! I replaced the old one that was another type which had started to fall apart after 3 years! This one is thicker & dry's fast my factory seat still like new
Good product but small packages. No complaints but a tad expensive for "tissues"
Fixed my rear doors.
Good product. Installed as expected
Nice matts, I think the price is fair and they fit my 2011 Ford Edge pretty well.
Good foam action. Soap seems to clean well. Would prefer a soap with no added dyes or fragrances but this one works the best at the moment.
Nice and thick, but not too thick to be cut.
Works great; it's sturdy. I would recommend it .
Did the job. Kind of a one use product. Ill loose the parts before I ever use it again but worth the price and its holding strong several months in.
Love this keychain. 4 stars because the metal is a bit soft so the pin has come out a couple of time. Easy to tighten back up but worth noting.
all is good with this product, easy install and material is a good quality but the flap is lifting.
Works great shipped a lot sooner than what it said
Had to trim to fit my 2014 Jeep Cherokee Latitude.
Very bright and easy setup. Perfect for going to fire calls. Needed a little extra reinforcement to get the lights to be sturdy enough to stay. Highly recommend.
Appears to be what I expected, I have yet to install the product. However, when I do, i'll post an update!
Clips and push pins were great but the rivets would not hold under slight pressure
Easy attach. Good back support.
may need a little adjustments for bulbs to fit but worked well and looks great, my 04 jeep looks new again. glad I bought them. Price is right.
Looks great in my 05 F150 love the material. Minus 1 star for fit a little loose around the lower back but they're universal not custom fit so no big deal. Would buy again
Not quite use to it yet but so far I graphs are inadequate for real use and the graphs have to have values physically set, needs a smoother flowing use of screen and the icons on the bottom are not labeled so you are guessing also. Overall I was back and forth about sending back. I think for the money you should get the options of the higher end or it's only advantage I have over my other 2 is the bidirectional which is needed. The step by step of corrections or even more detailed definitions just is not there. Too much flipping to next list of information where as my action , you scroll easily. Like I said, for all the different models they advertise, I would have gladly paid a slightly higher price for a scanner that does everything. If you can afford or save your money a little longer and get the red one (hint) that mechanics use. I am regretting I didn't save for the red one. Launch is a let down for this person.
Bought these as a gift for my friend who is a therapist, and she told me she loves them! Sturdy massage cups! Only ranking a four out of five because I didn't use them myself.
I was skeptical about them sticking to the window, but they actually do once they are pressed on. The problem with them though is they are almost opaque. I put one on the driver's side window and went for a drive. I looked out the window to see if anyone was coming and realized I could barely see anything at all. It is good that they are so dark from keeping the sun off of you perspective, because they other styles I have used still let enough light come in to get a sunburn or get hot. But unless you feel comfortable not using your side mirrors, I would not recommend them for the front seats. They would be great for the back seats though because the back seat passenger will get hardly any sun at all, and there is no safety issue for them.
These ramps are really nice. They're lightweight and portable. Currently being used for maintenance on lawn tractors. Also for those having trouble pulling them apart and separating them I found a simple solution. Drop them from about 1 foot to a carpeted area on the large ends of the ramps and they separated easily.
Really a great looking and working unit. Had one that would work sometimes and then not. Called amazon and they replaced.
Good product reasonable priced
Motorcraft brand for about 10 dollars less than auto parts stores, what's not to like?
One broke a few months after purchase
The pre wired pig tails make repairs quick , easy and cost effective
good helmet overall. I do kind od miss the D-ring of my old helmets, but this newer helmet locking mechanism isn't bad. I really like the built in sun visor, It is pretty convenient. The only real negatives i have are the sound dampening and of course glare. The sound dampening of this helmet does not seem as good as my old helmets, that being said this helmet cost less than quarter of the price and has really good quality in almost every other category. glare is always an issue for riders, so its not really the fault of this helmet.
The fragrance in these car jars seems less strong than ones I have bought in the past from a store. They do smell nice and I'm glad I have them, though.
Proper fit on my 1997 Ford F-150. Steel spacer, unlike original fiber-based product. Thread-deforming lock nuts, but I also applied Loctite, as I removed one very easily after install.
Replaced worn out fobs on my Trailblazer. Programming was a bit difficult at first but eventually got it. Works great and descent price.
This pass holder works and has stood up to frequent use in rental cars. It is a bit difficult to remove the toll pass from the holder and the suction cups could use a little tab on them to make them easier to remove from the windshield.
Good product! It gets the job done
Thanks! Fit my vehicle
It turned out amazing. Worked great!!!!!
It is exactly what I ordered and what I needed at a good price
It was a lot cheaper that dealing with the dealership!!! Had to switch out a few things to make it work, but it seems to be holding up!!!
Very comfortable hand grip foam covers but can be a chore to install without damaging the foam.
Nice looking. Fit my 2012 Toyota Camry perfectly. Smelly at first, eventually aired out. Deducted a star because it's I don't like the company name etched in a very visible way.
I like that these are bright enough to see and not so bright they blind everyone
Mounted it on my H/D Roadking with the stock windshield sound great at 50 good at 70. Better and louder connected to the 3.5 mm Rather than the Bluetooth. Little weak on the bass but overall good sound.
Fits well and does what i need it to.
Fit well and look good
Exactly what my sister wanted;
Suction isn't super great but that's my only complaint. It's compact and sturdy with all the extensions/nozzles you'd need, good for the price especially.
Good quality product. Ordered 2.
I love these mats. I always wanted to get rubber mats versus the fabric ones that came with my car. I finally decided to order them! I still can't get that rubber smell out of my car though.
The nerd bars are great but the nutserts suck, had to hit with tack welds so they would stay attached
mechanic had issues with tensioners, wrong size, to thick, had to source them from a different vendor. Everything is great.
Solid. Pieces dont stay in case well but everything works pretty well
I bought these to mount on my '06 KTM 950 Adventure. They definitely light up the dark places that I couldn't really see before. They don't turn night into day, but they do enough to see what's on the side of the road. I like that they are easy to adjust and the wiring kit is a big plus. I just mounted the lights, routed the wires, mounted the switch and attached to the battery, very easy. Dislike: the red light on the on/off button died the very first day. But the lights themselves work fine.
Favorite feature are the handles and 1-3 compartment sizing options, but the black clasps are a bit difficult to identify. Didn't know the cooler was not leak proof, should make the warning more prominent.
Good quality and packaging. I use little straps like these to secure smaller items when hauling farm equipment. The case is nice to have and keeps things neat in the trailer box.
Have it on my car for 2 months now. Works perfect so far. Just wish the seller let the buyers know it's only 1 control arm and not a pair.
For the price hard to beat.
These lights are great, they are bright the plastic housing will be great with low up keep. But with the lenses only time will tell with sun damage, and oxidation to the salt, if it is like any other plastic a application of light weight wax will take care of that. The design of the light unite itself is great its completely sealed properly to keep the elements out from internal components. The problem with these lights is they do not mount flush to the wall. The only way I achieved flush mount was drill a pilot hole for the screw and then a larger 1/2 sink hole for the housing unite to sit flat on mount surface.
Used it on 10 year old decals on a gel coat finish fiberglass boat. Took the decals off pretty quickly without damaging the finish. It did leave the adhesive behind which had to be removed with a razor and prep solution.
Bought to replace caps on a 2011 Endeavor. Quality of the part is good and they arrived on time. Overall the snap fit was a little tight and quite tight on one hub (supposing the tolerances are bit too loose, or the mold is near end of life.) Would recommend.
But it's a genuine subaru part, which can be (expensive). Much better than anything you'll buy at a auto parts store, so there's that. It's sturdy, the glossy emblem looks great and comes with all the hardware. Plus I like the fact it actually has the plate slide in and is held by the frame itself. Not to pick nits. Just wish the frame itself was a bit darker and shinier. Would really make it pop for the money. That's all.
it makes my kid feel comfortable.
Seems to be the same thing as stock, but the metal feels slightly cheaper. Will watch it for a little while and update if I need to buy oem.
Nice quality but can get more for the money
Great product. I wish it would have a clip to stabilize it. It tends to come off when I remove my purse. Put it does its job,
Without having had to break glass with it, I still love this product. I would have probably given it 5 stars. It feels heavy and well made. The light is very bright and it is nice having the option of the screws or adhesive. I will end up getting one for my dad.
Works great. It did auto shut off when it reached the set psi. I'm grateful that means less time I had to spend out in the freezing weather. Didn't even have to check the pressure before I used it. It checked automatically.
Everything lined up. And feels as good as the OEM part. The lack of the 5th star for two reasons. There is a slight difference between the part texture and center console, and lack of any instructions.
Not sure whether it works because we almost have no snow this winter. But the package doesn't look fancy like you purchase it from dallor store
Installed in 2017 Chevrolet Tahoe. Extremely bright and great improvement over stock bulbs. Plug and Play, just as advertised. Pain in the rear to install, but this is due to the vehicle design, not the lights. Wrote a review with the following complaints for the low beams. I assume the highs would be the same, but don't have them on in these situations. 1. The fans on the bulbs for cooling are loud. When you exit the vehicle and the headlights stay on for a period, the sound is noticeable. Almost sounds like the electric fans on the radiator are running. They run any time the lights are on. 2. The lights cause interference in the electrical system. This is noticeable in the backup camera display. Not a huge amount but noticeable. I turned the headlights off and the display clears up, so obviously the bulbs. Was not an issue with the OEM halogen bulbs. Neither of these are deal breakers or enough of a reason to return. Overall still happy with the purchase, but these issues keep me from 5 stars.
Just like the original. And I mean JUST like the original. Can't tell the difference if there is one. This item does not include the clear-lens socket so if you need one you'll have to buy separately. It does include the lamp and the contained wire. No instructions but not necessary. I'd buy it again.
Used it on a limited basis for my bike. So far so good.
works ok but are smaller than i thought they should be i guess that is why they don't sat they are for tractors
Giving it a 4 because passenger mat does move around a little. Keeping my floors like new and cheaper but same quality as competition
Thinner material than some others, but the key rings don't feel super flimsy. Stitching seems fairly quality.
good low price tool. Talk to your car...saves time bringing it in to the shop. Fixed two issues easily and cheaply thanks to this and Google/YouTube.
Great lights. Box came crushed and 3 bulbs were broken.
Comes with everything you need
Awesome lights and very bright. Only negative thing is that the cap doesn't fit behind.
Considering the price it is an excellent buy. They work well, I would buy again.
Like, filling lawnmower with fuel.
The build quality is nice & the only thing that I should mention is that it does not keep your beverages cold/hot for hours like other mugs.
The graphics went on easy and look great has the right amount of pop for me. I just put them on and if they last then they get 5 stars
One out of three had cosmetic blemish's . Black spot's in the Faux chrome finish.
This is not as flexible as I would have liked. Nice color. Good fit. No leaks.
Just received product so far so good. Used it tonight for plowing very bright light and many flashing patterns. Only reason not getting 5 ðŸŒŸ haven't used it enough.
Not quite like the one I had 40 years ago, but very functional.
Works well and is easy to use! Suction could be a little more, but great for the price!
These screens were a perfect cut in my opinion, however I feel as though they should be pre-bent around the screened edge. I had to do this with a pair of pliers, and since my Dometic refrigerator vent on the side of my camper has two vents that's a total of 12 screens I had to do, with a time of about an hour to get them just right, and like everyone else's comments the zip ties that come in the packaging don't hold up very long. So I got some of my own that's why it took me so long to apply zip ties and bend the screens. Other than that, great product!
The tray fits my 2019 Tundra. It works for the small stuff, as described by the product. Only downside is I wish the sides which support it (keeps the tray from falling into the well) were wider.
Arrived on time and as described. I still haven't used this yet, but it definitely looks like it will hold up. Also looks like you can carry a lot of items.
Easy to install and they are very bright on the ground. Not to bright in the car though. I'm happy overall with the product
good oem product but i will not be buying more of this as it is some what over priced compared to other options available.
Fit prefect, looks great. Make sure to use gloves when you install. And best to avoid touching bulb if at all of possible. Will be happy long as this last at least a year. Will update if not
Looks and works good
This worked out perfect for my mid rise lift. make working under my car more comfortable than a full rise lift! High quality, but honestly given the price of 2 in 1 creepers which almost do the same thing but for less than half the price... a bit overpriced. Unfortunately there are no other options. I don't regret it one bit!
Fits perfect. Feels stronger than the one that came on the camper.
Amazing case it all came in! This is great to have for those just in case times as a backup help for moving!
Bought this to cut down for lining a utility trailer. It seems adequately sturdy and tough but time will tell how it holds up being exposed to the elements continuously. As an earlier reviewer noted the piece I received was not cut square and had to be trimmed square to fit properly. i.e. had to cut it at both ends. Took off one star for the non-square cut.
Looks good for wha it is
I wish they made it bit thicker the steel beams.
I bought two of these for some LED lights on a jon boat. They work and are unlikely to be accidentally turned on or off. They do not protrude like toggle switches....
Looks good, easy install and good price, we'll see about the durability.
Does the job well,little pricy
good product, adheres well. used this to protect my bumper so I could apply some bumper stickers. only downside was it had several mild creases in it when it arrived so I can't give it 5 stars.
Great first helmet, runs a little small so it was pretty tight but overall I like it a lot
The part looks good. I have not installed it yet. It is listed as a DB Electrical unit. The box is labeled J&N Alternators. Are they manufactured in the same bldg.? Why doesn't the heading say J&N Alternator?
Better than I expected. A little annoying that you have to enter all the details of your vehicle in one section, but in another it can look it all up. Worked good for reading SRS codes on a 2013 Equinox
small but bright. easy to mount.
Love it but I wish they were a bit darker
Very bright lights, good value. Wide spread of light but focused towards middle.
very handy, good strong construction, very durable.
Don't like the wires in the middle
Early indications are good. I had been using another leather conditioner that was highly rated on amazon but didn't seem effective. This stuff was quickly absorbed by the leather, leaving no residue after a quick buff. Smells good. Took off a star because it seem quite pricey. I have to wonder about the packaging though - it's very...phallic. They knew. They had to know.
Came on time works great looks great only problem is you have to have an 45 dollar special tool for the rivet nuts but I put those dudes in the trash & used self tapping bolts ðŸ˜
works great but pads don't last
This board won't be installed yet but the order was received promptly and was securely packaged. My RV service tech contacted Atwood about the problem that caused my original board's failure and they are sending a replacement board, and a modified mounting kit, so hopefully the water ingress/leak has been fixed and the Atwood-supplied board will be the last one my motorhome needs; but I'm keeping the one from Amazon as a backup - just in case.
For occasional use where a standard thickness wrench can't fit, this does the trick. Yes it's made in India and probably not the strongest around, but serves the purpose if you need a thin wrench for hydraulic fittings, etc.
Had to buy this to stop the hyper flash on my 2004 Ford E450 Motorhome. Worked great!
Great product. No real instructions explaining all the parts and how to use.
This is a well made shield that provides excellent protection for the rider. It is not one of the more aerodynamic shields you can buy, and that may have an affect on your top speed. But it's a good shield for the money.
Used these on my 2013 Dodge Durango, the fit wasn't perfect and they didn't project very much but they looked good and matched the color of my HID headlights.
Perfect fit. Works well. Just cheaply made. The door chime doesn't tell my when the key is left in the ignition unless it's in the accessory setting.
Not thrilled about the cheap chrome part. Sure, it matches the original but that's kind of the part that makes it look worn and ugly. Mine is looking a bit rough after a couple months but the price is low enough that I can't knock it too much. Otherwise, it's good and pretty close to OEM quality.
I got these hooks for my kids backpacks and a place to put my purse. It works great for that! I thought about flipping one of the hooks to face the front seat to hang my purse, but it is not long enough to do that. The only thing keeping me from giving this product five stars is when I tried to put one of the hooks in my husband's car, it didn't fit on the headrest bar. I wish they had an adapter strap option I can purchase for thicker headrest bars.
Work great on my 2004 tundra. Fit good and quality seems to be great so far !
I think this is a pretty good car vac Only problem I noticed was that the hose comes unhooked
Works great but some times suction not always good
Works as advertised a little larger than expected.
Tested and works, but I have not added it to my vehicle yet.
As expected. Thank you.
Fair quality for de price
Product is exactly as described. Only two small issues. The case recesses the release button a bit so a bit more force is required to flip open the key. The other issue is just because of the softness of the material of the case and the required opening for the key to clear that corner by the hinge point I free to catch and snag occasionally.
Went on easy enough. Used on both a new white auto and old white aluminum sided trailer. I must say it did bring more shine to the trailer. As for rain repellent.....so so. I'll probably end up applying more often than I'd like, but it's still a pretty good product.
I bought these in particular because they come with new mounting hardware. Just be warned that it comes with a STUD and a nut. So you can only get a wrench on one side. I had clearance issues with the axle and couldn't get them in through the back so i had to reuse old rusted hardware. Other than that, brakes work awesome and stop my 8k lbs trailer very well.
I like the mirrors looks great on my 1995 Bronco. The only problem is one of the mirrors is loose. When I am driving the wind blows it and it goes out of position. Other than that is great.
It seems to be a great puller. It stripped the threads in the flywheel I was trying to pull.
Worked as intended. Plenty of space to tuck away extra wire.
Like it alot, does have a slight smell to it. Waiting, hoping it will dissipate soon.
I've installed tons of wipers over the years. I've never had a pair SO difficult to get installed. That said, once they were on, they work great. Much better than the factory blades on my Tundra.
Great heater (esp for the $) if you are wiring your own t stat and control for it, otherwise best to buy the premade kits. Heats up quick, no problems in 3 mos so far.
The plastic pieces are good. The metal trim remover is super cheap
Mine didn't come with a dowel pin, but I just needed this to replace what was broken. Seems about the same quality as other kits. It's hard to tell how hard the metal is, but I'm sure the metals all come from the same place.
Must have for the Model 3 - it should really have come with it because the way it is is scratches so easily and things slide around on it like crazy. They said it is very hard to put on and I don't know what to do with the overhanging edges still.
Super bright. We bought these to replace the no longer available lights on our tractor
Did not fit a 2010 Hyundai Elantra - Was able to make it fit by widening the holes with a 3/8" drill bit.
I have not used as of this posting, but they seem to be made well.
Keeps your gloves and hands dry. A good item to have as a staple.
Bought this for my mother's 08 883 Sportster works great just doesn't have a place to mount dash unit
Little different design, but ultimately seals just as good
It was a little more visible after application that I would have liked, but i think it did a pretty good job overall.
Socket is great! Guide threads not so much
Decent performer on mic pickup for speakerphone calls. If the 12v port is far away from your seat and not facing you somewhat I would pass on this. The slimline size makes this barely noticeable. The only flaw I find is the LCD screen is oriented correctly on half the features and upside down when you skip up and down as up and dn flip only on those two button strokes.
Screw heads were a little soft...
I've gotten a lot of compliments on my sticker. I put it on the side window so people can read it while sitting at traffic and i don't have people staring at my back window all the time trying to get close enough to read it.
Seem to be decent stands. Holding up my truck camper to support better. There doing there job so far
Ordered this battery for a hawk 250 motorcycle. Found out later it was underpowered, however, it works well.
Better than factory - much brighter
Good quality sticker other than one small black line across the center that makes the sticker look like it's cut in half. Got here decently quick.
Wish they were brighter
Seems to smoke less than normal 2 cycle oil and Royal Purple has a good rep for ultra-high quality fluids.
Kind of a pain to get them on and straight but it works great and is a nice addition to my rig.
So far so good, we will just have to see how longevity goes, only time will tell.
This liner fit my 2012 GMC Acadia. The parts that lay by the chair seats don't lay flat. They are bent. I had hoped that the plastic would be a heavier rubber type material, instead it's a thinner stiff plastic type. But it fit and catches the sand and dirt from my two kids very well. For the price it's great. I'm overall happy with it.
Bulbs arrived on time. Easy install. The lighting is Amazing...and if you need customer service...they get 5stars too.
Fast shipping starter worked great will be buying again of them.
On time looks good better quality than I expected.
It didn't create a clean solid seal which allowed debris and dirt to build up inside.
Worked perfectly! Fit the boat just like we needed it to!
It's better than Chemical Guys, but, should be better than it is. EVERYTHING is better than Chemical Guys.
Works as it should be. Just wish the price could be lower. I've discovered goodyear wipers at costco which is the same quality but for a much cheaper price like almost half for the price of two.
easy to install but found out it's illegal on the front plate in many states.
Works as described. No issues.
It was not as sparkling but the quality of the frame was excellent.
Only comes with 3 screws but product has 6 holes. I had to call customer service as mine came with no screws. Took them a week to mail them. Love the covers but send the right number of screws.
i had some small scratches on my car for a while and they were keep bugging me but i didnt want to paint it because a partial paint is visible even with identical color and doing a full job was just crazy so i decided to give a try to this paint scratch cloth and surprisingly it did a very good job. now i`m the only one who knows where the scratches were
Hard to get the body bolts out to install it.
This is an easy and direct replacement lid for Ventline vents. It is only the lid, as the listing states. Contrary to what the listing says, it is not aluminum (deducted a star for being misleading). Mine didn't seal super well when closed, but I can't say whether that is the fault of this product or the vent itself.
Used in our camper, I like that they do not get hot like the original bulbs.
I've now had these H11 HID kit on my car . No issues at all, bulbs are the same color and brightness as day one. I believe the 6000k color I ordered is accurate. And what a steal! Saved a lot of money over the more expensive kits.
It was easy to replace the OEM unit with this display. It would be a 5 star review if the display were a little brighter. Much better than a mostly dead OEM unit but it is not easily readable when the sun is out. Distracting.
Excellent product very bright I am loving them
Love it. Works great with my iPhone X. Use it for taking video of trail rides and for general use with google maps and phone calls. I do suggest securing the nut provided tightly when you go out on trail. Tighten it after you get your phone where you want it.
It installed easily and works perfectly. Just don't understand why the cost is so high for something like this.
Easy to install the PART - JUST getting in to correct place was a bit challenging but NOT because of the PART.
The color is a little different
Arrived on time and well packed. I have used this product for years. I would buy from this seller again.
Hardware was junk. Ended up breaking during install.
Rack looks great. Installed in about 3 mins. Looks like it's meant to be there. Why a hunk of metal is ~$200 I don't know... but it works great for strapping my bag on for a commute. Only issue I have is they slapped the warning sticker on there and its near impossible to remove... It's on there so good that a razorblade+alcohol ended up scratching the metal and bits of sticker are STILL there...
Great product, for a great price, period
A well stocked roadside emergency kit. Every car should have one.
Got this to help transport sit on top kayaks. Works fine. Kids can rig it up themselves. I did have a bit of a problem pulling the tires through soft sand.
Worked OK once but I found that a good old pipe wrench worked as well.
Great product to use for pets--only issue is that it comes out of place easily if a human sits on it.
Sold as intended and pre-programmed accurately. Good product.
The roller pin worked after a small modification. Although similar it is not the exact pin for the 2001 Chevy S10.
This was the right pipe for my truck, it fit fine except the new up pipe I got forced me to pound a flat spot in this one to allow it to fit properly. I haven't had any issues with it after a year.
I wasn't thinking when I ordered this, my Center console opens sideways to the right, but wanting to improve my comfort of an arm rest, this item also fit perfect on the arm rest to give me an elevated padded rest!
This launch 129 work good but on some Nissan can't go in the abs, what I am impress with it's give the location on one of the coil on a 2003 Nissan sunny that was bad, and a 2006 toyota wish the location on the abs sensor that is giving the problem thus far it's a good code reader
Works and seems fine. I does however have a kill switch component. It was making my car not turn on. I thought it was defective but ran a couple of tests with ford dealership and it checked out perfectly. That was the only issue.
The carb was great. But the throttle cable want work.
Nice looking and sturdy, though rubber trim on top seems flimsy (and unnecessary). Easier to install than I expected, though it still makes me long for the racks I had with my earlier Volvo that simply snapped on and were secured by pins concealed by the closed doors. (The new V60 has sockets for this but I was unable to find a rack that would take advantage of them.) These racks are secured by covers with keyed lock at each support.
Would have like to of spoken to someone at the company but there was no phone number. Other wise happy with product.
Thought I had ordered this in blue got a red one I will just keep it to much of a hustle to return it
I like the compact easy-to-store unit that comes with a bag. handy to keep in the car. Vacuums well. Got into the tight crevices with the special attachments. Got a lot of dirt out -- I could tell when I emptied and cleaned it.
its accurate regardless of the brand name only complaint I have is the adjustment out the box but even name brand beams require adjustments regardless and after time it will need replacement because it will wear out.
Took off one star because grip will get REALLY thick. But this is a quality steering wheel cover though. Looks quite nice in red on my 2017 GTI. I mainly bought it for Summer because I tend to have suntan lotion on my hands and I didn't want to get any on the original steering wheel. I will say though that I sort of got used to the thick grip after a few days, but it really is dang thick. Product fit perfectly on my steering wheel.. most steering wheel covers take some finagling to get them on so just keep at it.
I LOVE the look, but the fitment is not perfect. The tabs that fit into the holding slots are a shade to wide. 10 seconds with a dremel fixed that. Other than that single issue they are bright and beautiful
These are very cute but they are a lot smaller than I thought they would be. I was expecting them to be close to the size of a tennis ball for the price paid. As you can see in the pic they're much smaller. They're still cute and seem as if they'll stay put on my antenna. Would I buy them again...probably because I'm a die hard Minnie Mouse fan. Would I recommend them...only if you don't care how small they are.
Some trimming needed for the fronts. No trimming needed for the rear mats. Fits 2008 Rogue very well.
Easy to put on and remove.
Fit perfectly on my 2002. Easy to put on. Nothing was broken.
You have to add grease to the track. The more grease the better. These are shipped pretty much dry as a bone . If you want longevity grease the hell out of anything that moves on this regulator
Very bright will see how when we get on the road how far out they focus or do they spread out too much too soon to tell
Fit perfectly. One side was more difficult to put in place as required.
The item was as described and was a perfect fit. It is not as stiff or as sturdy as OEM but for the price its is well worth it
Fits perfectly in my Tucson 2018, only 4 starts due to some marks in parts for lack of protective packing.
Great product. Left a nice shine...of course you need to have a well maintained finish for the 303 to work well.
good price compared to similar
good, not expert but so far so good
The base plate on these is actually rubber, so hopefully, they don't fall apart from sun exposure like the oem units. Worked for my 1981 Toyota Dolphin
Install went pretty smooth. Works as expected. Documentation slightly lacking though. Excellent tech support. Recommend a more technical diy.
This product is very easy to apply, nice shine. How long it lasts is to be determined, we are heading into winter and it will be put to the test.
Very easy to install and bright.
Works good. Packaging was beat up pretty good so I'm glad it was for me and not a gift. Wasn't damaged in shipping because it was secured with other items that were undamaged.
Very affordable and work really well car rides like a Cadillac
They called to confirm my order and what I was for sure looking for. Good communications and timely shipping
Fast shipping and great price
Didnt pop in had to glue
Nice and bright. Replaced burned out halogens. Would order again.
Rubber seals that go against grill were labeled and installed on wrong lights.
I really like the look of these lights they were nice and yellow for fog lights and the packaging was adequate. however upon installation i notice they did not lock into the housing very tightly like the halogen bulbs they replaced it is possible it might just be the ones I revived. only 4 stars for now.
Installed and work great
Did the work just fine.
Works for me. If you slide it too far back your armrest won't lock shut; but I attribute that to user error :-)
Pros- Good quality chrome plating and added a nice look to my bike. Cons- Had to add a small washer to the screw to tighten the rings up, without the washer when I tried to fully tighten up the rings the screw pulled though the hole.
Was very easy to install. Better than expected. Had bought an after marker cross bars before and were a hassle, these new ones were pretty good quality and fit was perfect.
This is an all right jet tag. I like the overall look, the only downside is the quality, I have another jet tag that feels stronger. Then again this is my second jet tag, so the first one set the bar really high.
Bulbs are awesome so far. They were super easy to install. Just plug and go. The packaging was great and they came right on time as promised.
Fits the battery great and has a decent buckle, but there is apparently no common pattern for the screw holes so you will probably have to re-drill for mounting screws.
The device is simple, easy to install and really eliminates any play in the ball mount in the receiver. It's inexpensive but sturdily constructed and I intend to order on for my other tow vehicle.
Great product. really like it
Fits well the only thing I do not like about this is how small the gauge of the wire is for the light other than that pretty solid product
The most the color. The least the weight.
Perfect... I removed my old led and resistor packs. installed these bad boys all hardware included. The lights are very bright. I get a few flashes from on coming traffic but all viewing ranges are covered. Left and right shoulders of the road, clear center line and they are focused about three car lengths ahead. I would compare them very closely to my HID's that I used to run. There isn't anything else I need to consider for lighting.
Good Product for my odyssey
Product has managed to stay on my car regardless of how fast I go on the highway.
I like this cell a lot. It was light and easy to handle. It is very shiny and handsome in my truck bed. I withholding 1 star because I got about 2 less gallons in than advertised, but for my purposes that will still work.
They're pretty bright as back up lights
Quality product and works great!! Would recommend to anyone who needs a leak down tester occasionally. I have only had it week. I will say id does not have all plug sizes like 18 mm. Which is what i needed for but bought adapters locally.
Screwed right in on my Buell Blast. Was tired of looking at my shoulders in the stock mirrors, and these I can see behind me much better. They vibrate the same as any but my bike is a thumper and I don't expect miracles. They are definitely plastic, and very light weight. I first thought they felt cheap but having them installed now for weeks I don't notice how they feel, just how they look. Looks good.
I like the organizer though it is smaller than I thought, My fault because measurements were there. It serves the purpose but doesn't hold a weeks shopping for me.
...but not supplied are two gaskets you'll need for the upper attach points. (The product description didn't include them so it's not like they're missing from my order.) Since I didn't have the gaskets on-hand, I made my own by applying short lengths of double-sided, waterproof, removable, mounting tape onto the chassis, then attached the upper set of lift brackets.
Concept is great, giving 4 stars because I had to return. Apparently if you have a vehicle with a lot of technology it doesn't work. I have a 2018 Silverado 1500 that has Bluetooth and WiFi built in. The signals somehow interfere and does not keep the wireless connection with this device. It would not work 50% of the time. Giving 4 stars because tech support was amazing and helped me troubleshoot that it was their device. Would buy again if it worked for my truck.
This product works quite well and smell awesome (just like fruity pebbles)! This leaves a nice freshly detailed look to your interior surfaces. Over time the product seems to 'wear' off leaving a streaky look. If you apply interior products weekly this is perfect and gives a nice even not so shiny look. If you apply this infrequently there are probably other options that will work better, as mentioned over time this becomes streaky leaving a very uneven look.
Looks nice but my older cheaper led bulbs had better brightness and beam pattern
Put these on my 2012 Jeep Wrangler. Very good and bright light. A little flickering, purchased an anti-flicker adapter for a few buck and they work great now.
Bearing its self was as expected worked and fit fine only thing was I had to use my old sensor which was no big deal but everything is working good so far
Worked as they should
This is a good product with customizable sections as oer need and organize stuff in trunk but giving one star lesser as the size is little smaller than what i expected
The catch on one of the two bags was defective---it was jammed in the closed position. Hence the 3 * rating for easy to use. I was leaving on a trip the next day and didn't have time to replace it. I discovered that I didn't need the catch and have kept the defective pouch
Exactly what I needed, Priced was good, arrived on time, well built, will buy again if more are needed.
These are great lights but did't go "error free" on my Porsche Cayenne!
I installed these in my RV, they work great for holding the chairs. However if you buy these you need to take the black rubber tubing off and replace it with clear plastic or white tubing. first trip out the black came off on my chairs and nearly ruined the fabric, got most of it cleaned off off but not all.
Installed with no issues other than the brake lever screw hole for the piston is too small. The original screw didn't fit so had to find another.
Bought a few months ago and it's beautiful but the pink bow is no longer pink and I rarely ever wash my car. My car also sits in a garage all day for work. So beauty doesn't last that long.
Works as advertised.
Knocking a star off because my research and Amazon said this would fit my car and Apparently it didn't take in to consideration the AC I have in mine because this one was too small. I'm getting a full refund, expenses paid, but some more detailed info would have been nice. Got one from a local auto store and installed in no time. Quality seems great though. Made in the USA.
Even though you need to cut these to the correct size, they work great. We just used our standard floor mats and outlined them to these floor mats. Perfect for winter.
Very comfortable, just wish there was a way to secure it to the seat with some kind of strapping.
I like it, but I would rather it didn't peel off so readily. It takes a lot to work and it comes off my tools and gloves too easily.
It really makes a difference at night. My rear back bumper
Diff drop kit is pretty straight forward. Didn't come with any instructions but nothing google can't fix. Only flaw i found was that one of the nuts for the main bolt was missing a plastic locking piece. But once again, an easy fix with some lock tight.
It was good and the shipment was fast and without any problem. Thanks to the seller.
This was pretty easy to install, though actually getting it connected to the motor driver in the door requires a bit more work. Overall I would recommend this.
Very surprised at the results for the limited amount of elbow grease.
Works as advertised. Would also love it to have a regular plug. Would have given it 5 stars if I could plug into an outlet.
good quality needed just a little extra TLC.. making them stay in one position on the bar. without them moving or shifting over time with your feet on them!
Grill could have been larger
Got these for my friend's 2001 Toyota Camry. The end that plugs into the socket was just slightly smaller than the original bulbs. I ended up taking a small tweezer and bending the metal contact points in towards the center of the socket, and that made the new bulbs fit snugly. Once in, they worked fine.
The 12v plug is not very snug. You have to squeeze tight and hope it doesn't work it's way loose. Other then that a great item.
Keys are great but the ford logo seems like a sticker I just hope it doesn't come off
Rubber bumper for automotive glass served its purpose.
I haven't had an extensive time with it installed on the car so I really can't rate it as I still have an overheating problem that may or may not be related to this.
Nice floor mats are expensive and these have worked well so far. The back one was a good fir but the 2 that go upfront could be a bit bigger. All in all for the money it was worth it.
Easy to install. Noticed that one makes a whistle noise when driving but it could just be the position.
Wife has used similar product received from my mother who used it for 5+ years. This product keeps car looking sharp.
Easy to use, but PVC ends will not last
if your turn lights are the same as your brake light the turn single lights will not work. only will be able to use stop and reverse. are if you hook up the turn single instead of the stop you will just have a strobing brake light as it will think you are putting your hazard lights on. as for the blue light it can not be unhooked so i put mine to where you don't see the light just the glow of the lights
Would have given 5 stars but there was minor damage to the tank and one of the lifting rings was smashed in. Needs to have better packaging like styrofoam vs just cardboard.
Not very bright but serves it's purpose
looks good fits great , easy to install , fast delivery
1 of 2 items was damaged and leaked inside packaging. You can use your imagination how the cardboard box fared soaked in motor oil. Post office had to delivered it in a trash bag. Contacted amazon and replacement is in route, hope this one makes it in one piece.
Used this for the first time. Compared to other product I have used I liked this better since it was slightly thicker, more like a lotion than liquid. Ok they are both officially a liquid, but this has a higher viscosity.
glue could be a little stronger one started to blow off had window down grab but it cracked anyway had to order a complete set just to replace one on driver side door, wish they sold separate pieces
fit good, but had to get our own bolts
Fit a 2007 Honda Civic LX, got the A/C running. The two snap rings included didn't fit, the included shims were a different size than the existing parts. I used the old snap rings, shim, and nut. The splash guards inside the wheel well and the front of the engine needed to be removed, to get at the compressor from below. A number of the plastic clips broke and needed replacing. The A/C Compressor didn't need to be removed, but needed to be unbolted from the engine to create space to remove the pulley and coil. Needed a fairly narrow set of 8" external snap ring pliers to remove the coil. 6" didn't get deep enough, adjustable square nose pliers didn't have enough space to open. The new pulley was a tight fit, engine assembly lube helped push it onto the spindle.
I have Bosch Icons on my front windshield and compared to those this wiper isn't nearly as good. At least I don't use it as often, but I'll still have to replace it before the Icon's on the front. Easy to install and the price was low, but I'd buy an Icon for the rear if it was available!
They are not a 100% perfect fit like true OEM product would be, but for the price and with a little effort they are well worth the investment to replace old fogged head lamps that will not stay clean any longer. Yes I would recommend this to friends and family.
Easy to install on our 5th wheel
Heavy duty, look gteat, have not installed them yet.
good service provided by seller and great product as well...
The hitch is very heavy and heavy duty. Not sure I like how the ball rotates to the back for storage. I prefer to just take it off the truck and put it under the seat.
It doesn't get as hot as I would like. Only slightly warm.
A little tricky installation but worth it; no need to have professional installer. Inexpensive solution to updating the tech on my Z4. Works like a charm!
it works like it should and thank u
Works very well. Good quality.
Works well but kinda hard to spread. Tough to get the very bottom without rolling the car forward a bit.
Worked well. Held my kayaks in place.
Nicely made and good materials, but the instructions, which are comprised of a bunch of hard-to-see pictures and some textual instructions that were clearly translated from another language, are worthless. But, I did eventually figure out how to sew the leather together, and once I figured that out, it was pretty easy. Once it is on, it looks great and feels good, too.
Little thicker than I was hoping. But over all pretty good and keeps my key from getting all messed up from other keys in my pocket
Very heavy and strong chain! Came with the right keys to the lock. The lock could be more better quality but it's good enough! The key hole is protected so nobody can tamper with it. Comes with 3 keys.
We use this trash can in our car and its pretty convenient to put trash in and it easily attaches to the headrest or you can anchor it to the side door. The nice thing is its leakproof, has a wide opening and can be cleaned easily.
Look great. Could be a little brighter.
Have a 2012 Honda Pilot that seems to drain batteries quicker than normal even though the key is in the proper spot, e.g. watching a movie at a drive-thru will kill the battery even if just the radio is on. This jumper has saved me countless times. It is a bit finicky about thinking the battery connection isn't proper but I just reset it and start the SUV right away.
as expected. hart to mess up an impeller in a bab
For the price these are nice. I just didnt like that I couldnt figure out a way to get my middle seat belt through. Also my back seat didn't line up correctly and the headrests were slightly too small for the front. All in all they look pretty dope.
Great value for the money. I now have LEDs for my high and low beams. The difference in clarity is incredible.
Good tool but had one out of the four screw on pressure valve did not work at all. Now I have to order one. Ugh !
The paint is chipped on almost each of the ones I received (two pair), but they are absolute beasts. These things are tall and heavy. I have no fear my car will ever be a cause for these to collapse. If the paint were not chipped, I would have given then a 5 star. My little car is only a tad over one ton, but I wanted height to make it convenient to get underneath and this things deliver.
This is a good set of replacement rubber blades for my 2015 Ford F-150 XLT. I got almost two years of use from the current installed set before streaking happened. Will be replacing before the rainy season hits. Prices have risen on these since the last time I purchased which is so typical.
The bumper looks great and solid. There are a few issues though, all of the nuts and bolts are in one bag and there is no type of installation instructions or description of parts. After laying everything out you can figure it out, but it's a pain. And I found that when putting the tire carrier on you have to have the bearings in a certain direction or the tire carrier rattles, and make sure to use grease. Also I guess I'll find out if I get pulled over, because the latch partially covers the license plate. The build quality is pretty good. The price is good and I recommend it.
Works as described, gets nice and sudsy in the bucket however that doesn't necessarily transfer over to the vehicle. Although it gets the job done, I'm sure there's better soaps out there.
Worked great after altering the filter
I ordered two of the same kind and they came two different shades of pink. Not a huge huge deal to me I still applied my new one on it this morning! Very sturdy and nice quality.
Very cute & the fur is very soft but there was definitely a complete struggle trying to put this on the steering wheel. At first it seem as though it was too small. Took me & a friend to install it.
Good, exactly what I wanted. If it came in one solid piece it would have been better, and easier to assemble in my opinion. Doesn't come with any instructions, but that was easily to find online. Time will tell if it holds up.
Not sure if the product has been updated or I got lucky. In accordance with all the complaints of loose and falling off end caps, I planned to drill through them and pin the shaft into place. However I can't for the life of me get the end caps to budge. I even grabbed them with some pliers and twisted. They seen to be pretty well attached to the thing. I will post back if anything changes
These don't seem to be an actual Polaris part, but they do seem pretty sturdy and they serve the purpose, time will tell.
Wish there were all stripes
great price and works great
The cap does not seal correctly, so I used my old cap with the tank
This installs very easily, however it does not come with plugs to put in the extra O2 sensor holes. I had to order them separately in order to make my car not sound like a rice rocket
A bit pricey, and bulky to handle, the sun screen does a good job blocking sun that would come through the windshield.
The fit is a bit off but it def looks good in replace of the old one I replaced
The light works great. Not crazy about the brackets, but still an excellent value.
This was our 2nd attempt to get a liner, after the first was supposed to work but did not. Installation required moving the heavy seats, which wasn't ideal and I'm fairly strong/fit. That bit of the installation could have been addressed with product design, which is why I'm giving it 4 stars. But it does fit, material matches trim fairly well, seems durable but time will tell.
These lights are bright and look great, but after just a year my old ones started flickering as it looked like moisture got into them on my 2006 BMW X5. Replacement was easy enough so I just ordered another pair and we're back in business.
Had to use different screws because the ones that came with it stripped out but everything else worked well and wiring was easy to do
I wear a 34x32 jean, I ordered larger like other reviews suggested. I ordered size 36. Unbelievably they are slightly big. It's ok because of the knee pads and you need room to move. I thought I could make them slightly smaller in the wash, but they are hand wash only. Still great jeans, very nice finish. Very comfortable on and off the bike.
Works well. Comes off in car wash.
VW stamped, but def. not OEM/Genuine packaging. Also, no REV stamped after the PN (as shown in pics so no surprise); my car had the E version. That said, worked like a charm. We'll see how long it'll last.
It's wire. There are zip ties, and wire crimps, and a breaker. It is what is necessary to wire up a brake controller.
I really enjoy the product, somewhat easy to operate, my husband said he had an issue on the release mechanism, would recommend, it does help keep object in the bed of the truck from rolling around.
Excellent filter but get the GO version comes with the O ring better deal
Pretty good product. One fell off but it was from kids being stupid and it stuck right back on
The only thing I'll add to the previous reviews is the roof vent wont open all the way with these covers installed. They open enough, but not all the way.
It looked good for the first 5 months until moisture got inside the lens. Can't get anyone to honor the warranty. *Update* Finally, after over a month I was contacted and received a replacement under warranty. As I mentioned before, product looks great and works good if it wasn't for the moisture.
Pretty nice. would be 5 stars if the fit was a little better but its good. The material in these liners is almost identical to my old Weathertechs. As many have said, the front fit is pretty good but the back could use some improvement. The front snaps were a little tricky to line up but that's a Chevy design I'm just not fond of. I'm thinking the front might be a little harder to remove and reinstall due to one piece design but you'll have that issue with any brand that offers the over the hump protection. Helpful tip for the back sticking up on the sides as others and myself have experienced, try this: Install the back liner then climb in your truck and shut both back doors. Then tuck the sides down between the door and bottom trim. Exit vehicle through front without opening back doors. Try to leave them shut like this for a while. This should help them lay flat and take the shape of the bottom trim.
The mats look classy and are very durable, however they do not grip the carpet as well as they could, as they slide overtime.
It's ok. But the quality is so so. They is one of them, the metal pair fall off.
These were a great fit for my Jeep grand cherokee they look better than orig.
Very comfortable and good looking. It fits both my Mercedes C Class and my 2019 Outback nicely. (Amazon says this will not fit my Outback but they fit just fine) I like the elastic sides (corners) on the seat as they grip well. Only thing I found that I did not like, the (fake) leather is very thin.
Dear Friend, I love the look, quality of the product, and the customer service department. It was really nice experience. However, I had asked on 2 occasions if there was anyway they could add the 3rd row after I saw that the first two rows fit my vehicle. Both times I was assured that I would be sent the 3rd row with in a few days. Both times I waited over a week and neither time received merchandise. If this can be resolved with a tracking number for the shipment that would make it perfect. (if I do receive it on the third try) :)
Does the job & way cheaper than Acura
I still have this in my car it is easy to clean and I like the longevity
I actually installed this unit on a tractor instead, kind of test-driving a theory... Turned out that it really offers a nice view off to the side as well as rearward, so it worked out like I hoped for watching offset implements not directly behind the tractor. I'm still getting used to where not to look when backing up though - only one close call backing into a building so far. No substitute for physically turning around.
Nice decal I was hoping that the black was over a clear backing so it would match the white color of the bike. It was a white backing that was a different color white than the bike so I didn't use it on the bike. But I kept the decal anyway.
My co-worker loved this gift; I mean really loved this gift.
I know Aisin is a manufacturer of Toyota parts, BUT I selected and paid for a TOYOTA brand part and for it to come in packaging that says Aisin, I'm miffed. Although Aisin is a quality manufacturer and makes good parts, this should be in a Toyota package, that's what I thought I was buying.
This kit is pretty good quality. I didnt like that the switch did not have connection for Dash Illumination. This meant that because I wanted power to the Aux Lights while the car was off that my switch would be illuminated 100% of the time. Other than that issue, the quality is pretty good. Im happy with it, just bought a different switch that fit perfect in stock dash.
Great quality, strong
They are ok, not the best , but work fine
Good quality at reasonable price
This easily hits all fuse needs when it comes to vehicles. The only fuses not covered by this awesome box is the custom ones that only apply to specific vehicles.
The product worked as intended the reason for the four stars is it seemed like the condenser was bent
it worked for what it was supposed to do, it props up the hood of my jeep
Fits alright with a minor adjustments
Seems like a good pair of cables
My SO needed these for his truck. They're bright and got perfectly into a 2004 model
now I can install my rear view mirror
Bought this simple and cheap scanner in case I ever need it, even though is lightweight it seems to be well made, screen is bright and easily readable, scanning codes is a matter of seconds, you can even check live data, record it and save it for later analysis. If you are the average person who is going to use this scanner ocasionally on your own car and keep it stored on your toolbox, buy it! the price is sweet and you REALLY get more than you paid for. If you are a mechanic and you are going to be using this scanner a lot ... you should buy something more robust and sturdy. Tested and worked perfectly fine on a Hyundai, very satisfied overall.
As expected, not exceedingly bright...
Bought all new ones for my 2000 Chevy and they work like new!
Unless your thin enough or not wearing a thick winter coat this will fit you. You think for the price the waist band would stretch. Since it is made for cold weather and ppl wear thick coats. Which in the pics it looks like it does. When u get it the waist band looks like it will stretch cuz it looks like a workout waist band material but only gives a slight stretch. I wear a guys L-Xl shirt and have hips 5'7 and the rest of the skirt fits. I can wear it with out a coat which defeats the purpose but with a coat I would have to spend more money to modify it so it can be secured onto my body. If your thick/plus you might have trouble with the waist band like me. Over all looks like your wearing an over sized apron. The faux fur only goes on the top of the knees and not all the way down to the shins. The material looks hefty slightly thick. The length will still have your feet peep out if your tall. I haven't tested it outside since I can't wrap it around my waist. Edit: Changed my rating after wearing n adding length to the band for months 3 to 4 stars. I've worn in -1 and rainy days and done heat is better than non. Wind is cold but not on my legs. Granted its not 100 percent heated but its better than riding cold wind hitting your legs. I recommend this. Can't give 5 star since the band doesn't stretch and does wear a bit after time. But still with the buy.
Looks great but as soon as it came I open the box and there was a small crack on the spoiler but hardly noticeable looks great on the car love it
Good solid Emergency Car Kit. The only thing that I would add is Tire Skids...but with the shovel...may not be necessary.
Easy to put on and take off the bike. Covers everything and keeps the bike dry and away from UV rays, the buckles are nice security for those windy days
I bought this along with many other items in preparation for my vacation, opened the package today to get things set up and was disappointed that it didn't come with a short flex hose which I thought it did. So now I will have to fill my tanks without the filter until I can stop off somewhere and purchase a short hose. I will still give it 4 stars since I assume it will work well once I get the part I thought came with it.
will try them later.
The amber turn signal brightness is decent but not as bright as the stock signals. However, the red brake light feature iIS bright and the fact that it flashes a couple times before going solid red really draws attention to the fact that you are stopping. Very nice. The running lights on the front don't really increase visibility but do add a little style.
The Housing fits perfect to the body. The only issue I had was socket OEM socket I had to use little more force to fit into the housing unlike OEM housing. I would recommend to buy little brighter bulb, since its the housing is tinted it would be hard to see the light. But besides these everything was perfect. Must buy.
I could get them to fit my seats in my 2016 Buick Encore cause of the arm rest on the driver seat plus they went on to tight.
The radiator fit properly as an OEM item should. Nothing to complain about here. I'm not wild about plastic tank radiators, but that is what the OEM model is. That said, the fasteners lined up perfectly which made installation easy. I'll have to see how long it lasts.
The wheel looks great and feels great. Mines was not bent at all. I am deducting 1 star for the fact that the sticking is kinda off on one side of the wheel, not a huge deal but it can upset ppl who want a nice look...stitching should be even and clean.
Good as original, don't know how durable yet.
Works for what I neede
Great tool set for the price
Seems sturdy, though one corner was bent when the box was opened. The bolts that hold the rubber top on aren't the best, snapped two off just with hand wrenches so don't use an impact.
It didnt fit exactly like I would want to, but a easy to roll up and move when it's time to put up the 3rd roll, so I am alright with it.
Easy to use. The product arrived open in the plastic bag, so it was a bit messy to open and I lost some product.
Don't think that you will somehow shoehorn this onto a front wiper mount. It only works with the mounts for certain rear wipers. You won't convert it into a 14-inch front wiper. Or you can do as I did and take the rubber off this wiper and replace just the worn-out blade on the wiper you want to replace. But beware, even then, this wiper's blade is of a different width than some--perhaps many--front wipers. Best just to buy this for a rear wiper that you know it will fit.
Very nice look I love it
Very nice looking and fits snug.
Saves a lot of toweling off. Squeegee the water off and follow with a micro fiber towel, you're done ! 4/5 stars because I'm not crazy about the small flimsy end. But it does a good job overall. Good addition to your car-wash supplies. Will save time
Got it for price and with minor modifications made it work like oem.
was cheaper than going to dealer for it and could order and know when I would get it
After my wood ramp to my shed finally rotted after 13 years I needed something new to get my wheeled yard machines in and out. I did not feel like building a new ramp so I purchased a set of these. They work perfectly. Nice and lightweight but very sturdy. Can store them in the shed when not in use. Overpriced and made in china but they work well.
I love the paracord handles. Attach easily and are tight with the Velcro straps. They have a little more slack than my last grab handles but they look better. I wish the Alien brand name was a different color, the lime green doesn't match my Jeep.
It's ok for what it costs. Clip doesn't really hold on its own.
I misread the site I looked to fast and ordered no big payments deal I purchased the adapter for half inch drive have not used yet but if you have a site I could see it could help me restore my tools one last time thanks
Holds calipers up with ease no more using bungee cords.
I have not used it-waiting for warmer weather, however the kit looks great.
Helmet was same picture and price looks good.
Bought this for my FJ Cruiser... he, it may be a little useful for specific items but other than that it's pretty useless. I was expecting something stretchier and more versatile the fat narrow plastic hooks are it's biggest drawback and the fact that it won't stretch the full width of the cargo area. UPDATE: This is actually proving to be quite Useful, much to my surprise. On small grocery hauls and other times where I have to just keep things from sliding all over the cargo area. Upping one star. I Loathe the fat plastic hooks though!!!
My wife shredded the passenger side hubcaps of my Cube on one too many curbs so I got tired of seeing them in such poor shape that I gave these replacements a shot. The hubcaps came very well packaged. The hubcaps and wire rings were packed separate in box to save room. Assembly was very easy, just snap the wire ring inside the inner tabs of the hubcap and install as usual noting the air valve stem groove location. There is a distinct difference between the official hubcaps that came with my Cube and the replacements in this review. First the official ones have more depth to them for lack of a better word. From a distance they're very similar sans the Nissan logo but they fit and look just fine. I was considering removing the silver rings and putting the Nissan rings inside but the mounting center tabs for the logo are different. I figure I could rig something up but it's not really worth the effort. If you need just one replacement you should just get the whole set of 4 as it's just different enough that it would be noticable against the official ones. Regardless, for the quality and fit, they are an excellent value and improve the appearance of any car.
The bottom sticks out because it has no way to screw down but it's still cute!!
Work fine for intended purpose of cleaning headlights
I ordered this part for a 2005 Kia sorrento and it turned out to be the wrong size. Eventually I got the right one using the scale from the Fumoto site!
Works effectively. Sheds bristles too easy.
Works for my 2004 Corolla LE. It's made in Canada so I guess it's better than China made. 20k miles since installed and still ok.
Needed lights for my 1999 F350 over head cab lights and dually fender marker lights.
This product seemed to be good quality and the paint matched my 2011 nissan sentra almost perfectly. I ordered the wrong size and had to send them back though that is my only complaint.
Some pieces are a little too flexible for the removal of some of the trim attachments.
Came pretty scratched up, but customer service was great. Got a decent partial refund for the damage. They are pretty thick metal and look rad apart from the damage.
Good product works great!
I put this in my bike bag, I hope it works when I need it...
Nice replacement mirror. Only complaint is that the glass shakes quite a bit at highway speeds.
This is a very nice cover & sized well. The price is substantially less than going through Camping World or one of the other major dealers. It is worth every penny considering the protection it offers.
getting ready to install
The chaos is comfortable but needs cup holders.
I live in Florida and use the scan and spout for home use mainly to fill up my lawnmower and pressure washer. It works great I really don't have any complaints I do absolutely love the new spout. It is different from what you see in the picture and is one of the EPA approved spouts this is the first one I have used it actually is usable. It's simple to unlock and the flow is perfect. I would highly recommend. However I do agree with one of the reviews that I saw that stated that the At the top is easy to knock off and lose. I have not done that as yet but I see that could happen but other than that I would definitely recommend this can and spout combination
These hangers work great for calipers and work lights when working in fender wells.
It was smaller than what I wanted but that was my fault .
it fits my 2018 VW Atlas perfectly, easy to install. a must-have for all the Atlas owners, it protects the rear bumper from loading and unloading large items.
I can confirm that these fit my 2006 Buell XB Lightning. FYI: the rear brackets are barely wide enough for this bike. They seem pretty sturdy. The only reason I dint give these 5 stars is because the plastic pads broke off in the first use. Doesn't really bother me though. Who cares if it gets a little scuffed up.
This is good. But a A little smaller one would be great
No safety features like other more expensive units. You should connect the leads to the car first, then connect the leads to the battery pack. Once the leads are connected to the pack the ends of the leads are hot.
exactly as described with no surprises.
Pretty good product for the price. I wouldn't use them to tie down anything super heavy or you're not willing to lose.
Worked as a dummy alarm in my pickup
It is a nice place to keep sunglasses. It stays closed, but it does not always drop down when pushed to open.
nice seat! bought 2 of them for our tractors.
Hard to get to go all the way down on a CRV back door. it's also harder to check the blind spot when driving. However it provides the best sunblock for my baby with full coverage.
Only giving it a 4 star rating because the sticky pad for the right door wasnt sticky so my husband had to buy double sided duct tape. Overall the lights work great and he loves them
Works awesome. And looks awesome
Just received this 2 days ago. Came with absolutely no instructions for installation. Finally figured it out by looking at the broken one and trying to compare. Took quite awhile to get it right. After all it was broken. Otherwise it seems to be okay. Will find out eventually how it holds up.
These safety triangles were exactly what I was looking for. Easy to set up, good brightness and reflective quality, and sturdy on a flat surface. I didn't give them five stars only because they're quite lightweight (which I knew before I purchased them) and would likely blow away in wind or driving rain. That problem could be easily solved by placing a small bag of sand on them to anchor them to the ground. Good value for the money and they give me added peace of mind.
Not great choice for rv little too cheap
Lenses are great, leds don't at all fit though. Good customer service.
Very good, only a minor complaint, unlatching to retract it's a little difficult. Color is slightly different from interior, not a big deal.
Ez to install. They look great on my ram and they are as advertised.
Works as expected -- I'd say this is an essential for an RV refrigerator.
Went on easily, looks nice
Screen isn't always responsive but it stays put even at highway speeds and protects the phone in all weather.
As some others have said, these are not going to replace actual flares in the daytime. But at night the lights are very bright. A great addition to the car's emergency kit.
Have not used yet , looks ok
This lock is a beast in a good way. But for me it is too heavy and clumsy to carry around on my bike, so I prefer a chain lock that can easily wrap around the seat post on my bike while I am riding. This is a great lock if you have a rack you can easily secure the lock to.
My Nissan Pathfinder looks awesome with 3â€ side step
A fairly easy product to install, atleast to me, kind of like installing a car amplifier without the speaker hassle. The blue-tooth is a little fickle, other than that, the app is straight forward and pretty self explanatory
Nice and bright, much whiter than the bulb it replace and looks great,
I previously had two-sided CREE LED's in my projector housings on my 2012 Volt which were ridiculously bright and I loved the visibility but they both failed within 9 months. They also gave a bit of a weird light pattern which I got used to but I'm sure it was annoying for oncoming drivers. These are not as bright...I would put them on par with the original stock halogens but the colour temp is higher so I do find it easier to see with the cooler temps. I love the BMW halo look they generate in the projector housing and the light pattern is even and consistent. The fans are also quiet...previous ones I had you could hear running both inside and outside the car. I'm happy - hopefully they'll stand the test of time. Would have given 5 stars if they were brighter.
So soothing. I'm listening to my favorite morning radio, stroking my deliciously fuzzy steering wheel, while passing the familiar trees, homes, fences that line my regular path to work. Does shed a little, but I a petting it.
a little difficult to install and sheds a bit but super cute and soft
So far, I think this is working fine. My dash cam does turn off sometimes because the plug doesn't seem to fit in the adapter's receptacle very well. I am not sure if the dash cam plug is defective or if this adapter just can't hold it in place. The dash cam's plug does fit in the car's receptacle without any problem. I do own two Bestek adapters and the other one is working just fine.
The glove box organizer for my 2019 Toyota Tacoma was well packed and seems to be made of durable material. Assembly was easy, you just slip three sections of plastic together. And the unit fits perfectly in the glove box. My only trouble with the unit was it was loose and wobbly once assembled. The parts did not fit together tightly and one of the dividers would fall out of place. I just took a little loctite super glue and ran it along the joints. Now everything is nice and sturdy. So I'd recommend you budget for a .99 tube of super glue along with your purchase and you'll be all set.
I like how it has lots of pockets to put stuff in. I would have liked to have a shorter securing strap so it would not slide around so much. Good product.
The little mirrors are perfect for my car! They fit right on to my headrests so that I'm able to see my babies!
Looks great on my Jeep Wrangler. The screws provide are a thinner thread and do not work. I used my existing screws. Made of sturdy well painted aluminum.
I didn't receive any of my extra that came with it at all just one with two heads
Just got them in the are packed good have not put them on yet
Definitely worth the bucks
Great product easy installation and lights work perfectly. Only issue lights come on randomly by their self
Had to saw off some of it to fit my AO Smith heater and then it went right in. We used my friends impact wrench to get the old one out (at 11 years it was totally gone). Two day delivery was perfect!
Very cheap, and only a little better than a different one I tried. Will purchase from Walmart next time
They do the job, they aren't an exact fit but they are ok, needed them because sometimes I nap In my car and wanted more shade in the car. If possible spend the extra money and get yourself a custom fit shade instead.
Works fine. This is not a tool for cutting a lot of pipe thread. I was using it to clean of a few threads on a pipe where I had very little clearance and it did the job.
Replaced my old detector that was chirping. The wiring is very simple and took about 5 minutes to install. It took me longer to grab my tools than it did to complete the installation. No more chirping. I give 4 stars because the detector date was already 2 years old. It leads me to think that I'll get two less years out of it. I'm not sure if it works that way but it doesn't make me feel 100% confident in the expiration period.
They went on with no problems. I can't tell the difference with regards to strength to the OEM parts
Works as expected; however, it's a bit too soft to really agitate even sensitive areas. Needs to be a bit stiffer. The material itself is soft, but not 'crazy' soft, and flexes perhaps too easily for a cleaning brush. That said, personal opinion, I"ll continue to use for select jobs.
Does the job at a good price
They are great minus the small access point for the lugs. I had to buy a thin walled socket. None of my impact would fit.
Love Love Love! this trashcan is so versatile and even used it as a cooler for my water on day i do errands to keep it cool.
Just not loud enough
Nice box but UPS Ground beat the package to hell and there was a ding in the lid. It didn't make a hole but it most likely will in the future. Dee Zee shipped it to Amazon in the same box Amazon sent to us. Shame on Dee Zee for not putting any styrofoam in the box, it was so flimsy. We bought it for our tandem jetski trailer and it fit perfectly.
Pretty good, but a real pain to install.
Easy install. Works and looks great. Good quality product.
solved issue. good price.
The only TINY thing I can comment slightly negatively about, is that on mine, it is almost impossible to NOT get the drivers window to go down on auto. It is very light pressure to push it from normal to auto and I always miss, but most of the time I am going for auto, so it isn't THAT big of a deal to me.
Good car hands free Bluetooth and easy to install.
They look a little dorky but they are well built and do their job
I keep this in the trunk for the two weeks I generally go between washes. It gets the job done.
I got these when they showed up as an deal on the home page of the app. Seems like I'm always missing one valve stem cap or they're mismatched between the wheels. These are pretty decent, especially for the under $8 price I got them for. They are real aluminum, but they're so thin that they hardly have any weight. That doesn't matter too much for valve stem caps, though it feels odd when you know you're holding metal. They do screw on snugly and feel like they've got an o-ring or something inside to seal out dirt. They look decent enough on the valve stem. I'd prefer them to be 2-3 mm shorter as they feel like they stick out a lot. The knurling on them also looks a little too blingy for my tastes. I'd prefer a hex cap that looks more machine-like but couldn't find anything nearly as cheap as these and I can't see spending much on caps for the valve stems. I do like that you get a ton of them. That ought to keep me going even if I lose one now and then.
Worked great fit right up on my sons jeep.
The mirrors fit well on my truck and are very stable. They do not cause any additional wind noise. The only reason I marked a 4 instead of 5 is that they were advertised as new. While they had no defects or scratches, the left mirror was dirty and out of the protective plastic sleeve and the self adhesive felt pad had already been attached to the wedge. Overall I am very happy with the mirrors and would recommend them to anyone.
Works as described, good product. Wish this one had an auto shutoff
I was a little weary at first since they are plastic and the hitches I am storing are pretty heavy, but they same to do fine holding them. As others have stated they don't all have hardware with them, I bought 3, but only two came with hardware. Given the hardware is just two screws, it's nice to not have to dig proper screws out of a big to find the right head size. Over all good product.
Not to bad to install, recommend doing the 10 tooth jack shaft as well
These work very well but there is no instructions on how to access the underside panel where the cleat is to be mounted. There are a couple of good YouTube videos that you will need to watch.
2nd and 3rd rows need to be linger to adequately cover floor.
Got this to keep my dog from sliding around on the leather bench seat. Easy to install, seems to be holding up, and fits well in a 2004 Toyota Avalon.
Would be a much better product if a handle bar clamp on was provided rather than suggesting to drill a hole in the ATVs. Overall a good product, heats quickly.
No time to try it, I will surely love it.
Used it only hand full of times so far. It is fast. Thick nozzle prevents from using with 1gal bottles found in window washing fluids. Also it needs to be tightened on the gas tank otherwise gas will leak through tiny hole right under where cap is.
Works well, easy to install, recommend.
The front seats are fairly easy to install but the rear bench seat is another story. You should definitely watch the video that is suggested in the installation instructions. I rated the durability three stars as they have only been on a month.
Like the design. A bit too thick.
works well, small wheels get stuck. should buy the one with larger wheels
Great product. Fit my seats nicely
Speakers worked great for a week and then died. Customer service is great and mailed replacement within 24 hours.
I really like this helpful for my motorcycle
Wow - what a great buy. Two sets of racks for under $100 and at such a great quality. The reviews are real and although not name brand, still awesome. They do what they say they do and they work great. Driving down the interstate these didn't budge. I love the straps they give - they work so well. Very pleased and such peace of mind with these. Couldn't be happier.
They look great but the fit isn't as finished as I would like. There is a little space where the lens fits at the top but works well. Not complaining on the price. 300$ cheaper than factory.
Nice and I would recommend this to anyone that ride and want to keep in touch while doing it.
It's things,but I works well.
does it's job, but ridiculously pricy for what it is. hopefully I don't have the corrosion problems that others have had. I lubed the threaded end with a light grease prior to installing to help keep the threads from getting gunk on them.
Got 2 extra for trunk which I don't really need for my car. Instead of 2 trunk pieces it would be ne to have the vanity ones.
As easy to install as a headlight bulb. It is just a lot more expensive
Good product for the price
I just cannot find a neck support cushion thin enough. Does anyone really find a thick sponge comfortable behind the neck? So I take out the foam, slice the thickness in half with a sharp knife, put one-half back in the casing, and save the other half for next year.
Hard not to give our flag 5 stars. Gave it 4 because the detail on the smaller stickers isn't very crisp. Understandable though, thats asking a lot for a sticker that small. Still think it could/should be better though. Will add that they stick well and seem reasonably durable, although i havent exactly put them to the test.
Gave this a shot, and Love it, sands easy for a epoxy primer. Unlike most epoxy primers, that gum up paper, this sanded like a regular high build (baby's A$$ smooth!). Can be mixed 3 different ways as a sealer, primer or high build. Wet sanded with 600 grit and shot base. Kicks ass, and I've been doing this type of work for 18 years. Only complaint can came smashed.
Product came slightly chipped in spots.
Use this for grease drippings, mostly bacon. Only complaint is the top should snap closed.
I got this for around $70 for my Indian Scout Bobber. Much better price for others I've seen. The regular LED is bright for night riding. Didn't see a big change with the high beam on. The halo is nice and bright at night. The intensity level can be adjusted, but I just leave it to the max. Doesn't seem to stand out as much during the day as I have seen on holos on trucks and jeeps. Haven't seen any other bikes yet with a halo in person. I did had a 5amp inline fuse from the accessory circuit to a manual switch on my handle bars, then down the the halo controller. That way I can just have the LED on and no halo. Installation was as simple or difficult as any other light for the Bobber. Just have to make sure it is lines up properly with the retention clips that the Bobber uses to secure a light in its housing.
The kits has more tools than I've seen automotive stores for the same price and made of quality material.
Great light bar, but your mounting system really is cheap , different from pictures, had to adapt
As others I ran into the glue let go as soon as it was parked in the hot sun. I tried contact cement on the velcro strips and still it let go as soon as it got hot. So super glue (now lock tight) works. Only have done 3 of the strips but can see the difference. Of course I"'m stuck cleaning the old clue off with alcohol and it's painfully slow but still cleaner looking when done than adding holes and using the screws from the rack.
I have mixed feelings about this. I think it's a great product because it keep my dog from trying to jump up into the front seat. However he's not a great passenger and I think it also keeps him from getting comfortable and laying down sometimes. He's a Great Dane so he has less lead room than other smaller dogs would typically have.
Look good and work had to custom fit them to my fz09 but it worked
I've used this attachment around 10 times now to wash everything from my wife's car to a boat. When the attachment arrived I did have to tighten the fittings like some other reviews suggested. No big deal really. I like the product overall - I use mine attached to a Ryobi gas pressure washer I purchased from the Home Depot. Works great.
works great. easy to take on and off.
It came in early and, worked great but the tool looks old and has scratches as soon as i took off the plastic. But it did what it was meant to do just a little annoyed with the quality
They are pretty bright, easy to install. Only irk i had was the hardware. It comes with 2 bolts per light. A long bolt for the up and down aiming of it and a short bolt for holding it to whatever u mount it to. Each bolt has a lock washer and a nut but no wide washers. I took a quick stop to ACE for 2 washers so i could mount these to the predrilled holes in my brush gaurd. They work nice so far.
Ast first I didnt think it was waterproof. Got rain and at first I thought it leaked but it was just moisture. Lately we've been getting more rain than usual and its holding up pretty well.
My son loves all his TRD Toyota stickers, he's been happy with all his purchases
Very good bargain for the price. Fits well, appears to be of good quality. Will know how well it holds up in about 18 months - after two winters. My one wish, and I would have paid an extra few dollars for it, would be that the back side actually cover all the way to the rim as the side with the opening leaves about a third of the sidewall exposed.
Fit was pretty good. Not 100% but a good 98% fit. No trimming needed but there was a little Gap on the 4x4 shifter. This is the only full mat I could find. I've only had a couple weeks so I can not comment on the durability yet.
4 stars the filter part fell off the metal back plate other than that works great what do you expect for this cheap
This really looks nice in my trailer, great for organizing my helmets and keeping them from getting banged around... I was surprised that it seem a little flimsy, and doesn't come drilled for mounting, but worked out okay for keeping organized and out of the wayâ€¦ I ended up buying 4 of these to get all the wife, kids and extra helmets organized, but worth the effort I think you'd agree!
Only reason not 5 stars is when the bag is full the straps for 'no-rack' do not fit. I was able to make a work around, but other than that it is great. It rained the whole trip and nothing got wet. Did not shift on car going 80mph. No marks on roof with included pad. Would recommend for sure.
well the unthinkable happened (sarcasm intended) and my original drain plug stripped, and being it is done via a 8mm allen key, rather than, say, a 15mm socket plug (which dorman makes as an aftermarket option, but the car is under warranty) this one seemed a little sturdier than the O.G. Plug so i ordered it, my only complaint, it DOES NOT come with a washer, and you kind of want one there for safety sake. so, order a washer with it. thats all. even common sense says, it SHOULD AUTOMATICALLY come with one when chances are if the old plugs worn out, as luck would have it, the washer is too.
Best wipers that i ever bought
Very good quality and color is true to photo. Bought these for my hubby's truck and he had the front ones on immediately but still has not installed the backseat saying it is very difficult to install.
Granddaughter has a VM CC Sport. Each time she would get gas she would get "Check Engine". After replacing the gas cap no more "Ck Eng". Did the job
Product was delivered and fit as was expected. Fits my 2002 Ford Escape as designed. The lights themselves work great, but I would have liked for them to be a bit brighter. To be fair, we haven't driven too much in the dark as it is summer time.
The instructions were a little vague but the actual install was very easy. Been great so far through the summer reasons of Florida.
We have a big blind Aussie. I wanted to help him get into the back of my SUV easier. This is pretty good. We walk him up the ramp with his leash. It's a bit of an incline but he caught on quick. It's a little hard to open and then close.
It comes with all you need to install the light bar.
Super easy to use no more worrying about annoying charging wires getting in the way or tangles. Definitely a good purchase.
Fits great slightly longer than oem so definitley get an alignment and do both sides.
Good product that works.
Looks like a good product, havent installed them yet because they just came in today. Just wanted to point out to those that might not know, the "how to" video attached to this product is not relevant at all. Nor does it even have the product in the video. They are installing a hard line not a flex hose like what this product is.
So I had to keep and re-use the wiring harness from the existing brake light, when I removed the existing one the connector inside the truck ceiling was nowhere to be found. Would have had to remove the headliner and do a search. That would have been more trouble than it was worth. New third brake light works fine.
very spacey and does not fall while driving.
Works well fits good. Seems strong enough to last.
Works well. Just be sure to heat it enough an stretch it often otherwise it gets wonky. But if applied right it looks great for a cheap product. Finished my 2nd tail light in only a couple minutes looks good for not bein professionaly installed.
This mirror was a great replacement except it did not cover the entire surface where my old mirror used to be. It doesn't seem to be the same shape, but it gets the job done and that's all I was looking for anyways.
shipping-they took a SLOW BOAT to Oklahoma.
Super easy to put on. Works great on small and medium cars. No quite big enough for full size pick-ups. My photo (top) shows it installed with 1" of ice and several inches of snow and (below) shows after it was ripped off to expose the windshield.
I use this product on my auto leather and leather sofa. It is awesome! Hard to find product, but worth it when you find.
The price is great. Only had on vehicle for about a month and so far they are good.
Not bad to install if your mechanically inclined. No instructions included if your not. I was happy with everything except the gap between headlight and turn signal. OEM fit tight these have a 1/4" gap. I'll get over it for the price.
This horn is cool and easy to hook up.
Ordered new headlights for my Dodge Magnum, got exactly what I ordered. Unfortunately they were shipped with a service that required a signature. Sat around all day till 5:30 till they showed up, signed their stupid tablet as "Box Thief" and handed it back, just to prove how stupid regressing twenty five years is, but whatever. They fit my Dodge Magnum, so don't post a stupid question asking if they will fit your Prius.
Just installed in 2 minutes. Remove 4 screws and replace with snaps. Screws in snaps were shorter than removed screws but hopefully this won't be an issue. Seems ok now.
Have had car broken into several times with no sign of entry. Puch is kept it safe so far.
Good mats for the money, not as good as Husky or WeatherTechs. Bought these for my beater (which had smelly fabric factory mats), they cut to fit easily but they do have a tendency to slide around when getting out of car. wouldn't roll these in my weekend ride, but good for the commuter car
Very cute, but had a snag on the back
I would have given this 5 starts except it came with a 2-3 scratch on one of the blockers.
This fit into my Harley and works perfect. Ended up saving me a ton of money because now I do not need passing lights. It will cause your dashboard blinker to go at a rapid speed, but the light itself blinks normal.
Sold the car I installed them on, were starting to fail.
I liked the way that it fit snug and tight in my car. it looks so nice, it is a nice addition.
Use for my Honda fit. Just the extra support needed in it. Kind of like 2 bungee cords with netting between...it seems sturdy. Only issue is the clips are a little hard to push on to the hooks.
It is pretty good and it functions as intended. Online videos made installation clear. I did run the wire to the battery since I didn't want to take the time to research splicing into the unused connector in the rear. The 4 star rating is for the wire connectors. I am not a fan of the crimped connectors. I couldn't get them to hold wires tight enough and had to wrap them in a bunch of electrical tape. When they inevitably fail, I will probably switch to write nuts.
Bought the Skull pack with the color variety for EDC and it did not disappoint, fits most head sizes but if you have a smaller head don't fret it can also cover your ears. Great way to filter out the dust and looks super dope. Only downside is they are kind of thin (but they dry rather quickly) and I don't know how they'd do in the wash but I just hand washed them in case., comes individually wrapped so you can also use them as pre-rave gifts for the squad~
This is so so so much cheaper than buying from my dealer. This came in a Honda logo packaged cardboard box so it must be genuine? So far works perfectly and doesn't get in the way of the charging ports. I am only giving it 4 stars because I still think $85 is a lot of money for a net.
Fair price, fast shipping. Only complaint is that leds were out on both sides. Still bright enough though
Great starter. Very clean and new looking. Starts the van first crank every time. I've had it 2 days and all is well.
I have BMW 2015 528i m sport. It looks lovely and fits perfect.
These things look great and work great. My recommendation would be to clear the badge yourself because it will chip easily.
The product was shipped fast and accurate. It fit well and is good for now. I do expect for it to deteriorate in a few years,
Simple install, any issues were on the Audi side when they decided to save 1/2â€ of wiring. The extensions provided connect well to the replacement lights but inadequate for connecting to the OEM socket. Was able to get both connected to the original sockets and reinstalled. The lights could be brighter and more focused but for the price no real complaints. Will see how durable they are.
Shades look great, however, after following the directions very carefully, they didn't stay in. I had to glue them,
I like the texture of it but it's obvious that it's made of plastic
Pretty good deal. Cover is a little thin so you need to be careful it doesn't tear when putting on. Price was good and so far is holding up well.
I needed new tubing to use some old tabs in a new installation. It fit the bill, I just wish I could have bought a shorter length.
These are ok - add a bit of yellow contrast to my bad weather driving. Not as yellow or as bright as I would have liked.l but ok for the price.
Works fine on my 96 ram Cummins I don't know if they are reusable or how many times you will get out of them
The window cowling was exactly what was advertised. Haven't had it long enough to know if it holds together.
A foam applicator pad was included with the bottle of restorer. The product is easy to apply. I applied the restorer to the exterior trim on my 07 Honda CRV and the trim looked fresh and new again. I did not buff off the residual as instructed, because of the age of my vehicle. I didn't apply a super thick coat to begin with. I live in the Southeast US where the sun is brutal on trim. My trim was looking amazing until today when Hurricane Dorian begin to bring rain. In short I highly recommend this product. I've used a couple other medium end trim products and the sheen didn't last that long. The old saying goes you get what you pay for.
The fog lights are good the only thing I had trouble with is keeping the bolts tight.
Fits OK but the front and rear inserts are loose and that made it difficult to line up and install
Nice product hope it lasts
Works as intended, but I did notice that any appliance attached for power must remain in contact, or you will get intermittent power loss.
Great product works well
Fits the car and works as it should.
Came as described in a nice little box no batteries need 6 AAA batteries. Doesn't stick so well recommend super glue.
Easy to instal, take your time and patience when doing it! Lack of instructions made it a little hard, but youtube fixed that!
It works and a lot cheaper then the dealer
Great fit & durability for my 2010 Ford Flex. However, instructions stated "if front row has a console, cut off 'section 2' from the 2nd row mat" (see pict 3). I did this, installed in 2nd row & seen that it was unneccessary to remove section 2. In fact, after cutting it off, now I have an exposed piece of the factory carpet (see pict 2). Which sort of defeats the purpose of custom fit floor mats. I can place the cut off piece in place, but it doesnt stay as well as if it was attached, obviously (see pict 1). So very disappointed that it is cut :-(
The installation was simple and straight to the point. Putting your head under there to reach was a bit hard. If you had problems like me, a hack and pliers made it easy. My issue was that the new side markers needed a bit of force to stretch the wiring harness so that the side marker clip can lock in (the clip on the right, the closest one with the led wire+plug).
Great gloves. I wish there was a little more adjustability on the wrist closure and these gloves are very warm in the summer, was hoping they'd be a little more vented. They were a little tight at first but have loosened up nice. I probably should have gotten an XL.
Sure brightens up the interior of the truck. Love it!
I liked it i used it on a combi lift at work.
Very sturdy and easy to use. Excellent price
Good product and it seems to do its job but be carful with lighter leathers. It made my boot about 8 shades darker then they are supposed to be . Not the products fault but let my tragedy be a warning to you to use with caution
It's convenient and keeps trash well contained. It's easy to empty.
They work well but do vibrate a little much on the interstate and on less than smooth roads.
Like you can tell this is cheap and crappy, but it works so good. Zero issues, however the software is a bit out of date
Needed to grind down a bit to fit my atv but will buy for side by side and tractor
Didn't like to cut out from the display hanger
Great to have the colors so u know which one to grab. Im still a little stumped on the 1/2 tbs. never have a recipe that needs that measurement? I would recommend...
did not use it yet but the shipping is on time
They work as described, doesn't fit my window perfectly, but well enough. I don't use the driver side one because it quite difficult to see through. Definitely keeps passenger cooler, though!
Bought the first one to help manage the items in the bed of my truck. Easy set up and use. I would recommend marking the bar with permanent marker where the lever engages so you can go to the correct tooth for the geared lever quicker. Liked it so much, I bought a second one.
Bought for 2002 Ford Focus hatchback. Had to lift up on the hatchback *very* hard to slip them on, but they fit and they work. Probably 1/2" longer than the ones I replaced. A bit of a struggle to get on but I'm ok with them now.
We're great!! Nice and bright.. I do see moisture come and go from one of them.. But it still works good!
I like it it works for me I keep it in my pocket change my uniform just don't forget to take them out it's worth having
Good product, I recommend having a professional install it though. The material is thin and very easy to mess up. I had to order a second one and I am getting it done by a shop.
Works great ! way too expensive :((
Good but only reason not 5 star can't adjust as much as needed to see farther back
Ordered and installed this muffler about a year ago. It was advertised as stainless steel but is rusting so it is clearly not stainless. Otherwise great sound and an authentic flowmaster product. They probably have fixed the labeling issue by now but I thought it was worth mentioning
Works excellent and looks very nice. Had to make insert holes a bit bigger to properly fit.
I stepped up from a Ford Ranger to a F150 Supercab. I am really good at using the mirrors for backing up, but the longer length of the new truck and standard halogen back up bulbs (mostly at night in the rain) didn't work so well for me. The LEDs are real nice improvement over the standard bulbs. I've only had them a few days, so quality is not known, but they do look well made. I will update if things don't work out. Only complaint is that the bulbs where shipped in a cheap bubble wrap bag, and put in a brown paper envelope. Seller - please note that packaging needs a 500% upgrade.
Worked well on my Prius. I think I have bought these a few times over the years now. I am happy with them, will probably continue to get the same ones
great product for such a price
Use it for my wrenches at work a little stronger magnet would help
Look more orange than red but looks good
It does the function I wanted, not that easy to apply but worth the extra effort.
These were cheap and bright, so good value. However it doesn't have the most secure mounting tabs. The light blue mounting tabs are rubber so it's kinda loose in the housing. Otherwise these are good. 4/5 for that.
A good assortment of leads for testing
Could be better. The edges of the cup holder area lift up slightly because glue is not strong enough around the edges. Also once installed the center console doors run against each other and do not open freely anymore because this product is too thick. My recommendation is for builder to use same texture but thinner material. Would make it easier to stretch. Allow center console doors to open. Plus, thinner material do not lift at the edge so your current adhesive may be strong enough.
I really like the durability of this product. Only down side to this product is the holes for the seat belt buckles was not there so I had to cut holes for them to work on the back seat cover.
Does the job on my 1970 Baja Big !
Great for car or lawn mower battery.
Clever. Plastic. Works fine as long as what you're trying to secure is not too heavy.
One bottle will do for 4 wheels. It does have a chemical odor once you get going spraying. I left it on for 5 minutes and it removed grime. However I suggest use the brush to help it along. I am going to purchase another bottle and a brush for next time.
Other than the appearance, it fit well. I can't tell how well it works or how long it'll last.
i.ve used these on my other helmets years ago and will use on my new one now
"Strong" magnet seems like a stretch, short insert bits won't fall out if it's turned upside down and jiggled a bit, but don't expect to be able to just throw it in a tool bag
Works like it should, works for my purpose..
I bought this for my Honda Ridgeline so my wife could step up to access the bed. It looks nice and seems to be good quality. However, it does not come with a pin which required an additional trip to the store. They should be clear that the hitch does not come with a required pin.
So the picture is misleading, the way this comes packaged it would make you think the shield is for the upper half of the surge suppressor, which it is not, after having it out in the rain for 2 days while camping the black box portion of the unit filled up with water (yeah not what you want to happen when you have 50 amps) After taking it apart and drying everything out, I realized that the plastic guard mounts to the black box portion of the unit shielding and waterproofing the unit correctly (it does come with 4 mount screws) So don't look at the picture, and make sure you mount the guard correctly before using (especially in inclement weather). All in all though, I've yet to have any issues with surges, and it does work with a 30AMP adapter if required.
I like it and put it on my 2000 Jeep Wrangler Sport too!
Should protect the key fob from getting scratched up
Day Anti-Glare visor works fine unless the Sun is directly shining straight into you vision. Not strong enough to block out the Sun. Night Anti-Glare visor works great.
direct fit. seem heavy duty. did both sides and so far i am satisfied with these hub bearings.
Recieved steps and had a very easy installation, was worried that all parts were there since the shipper (ups) destroyed the box and the fasteners were in a torn zip lock bag but all pieces were accounted for. Installation was straight forward and over all took 1.5 hrs to install. So far I think they will do very well as steps but if I was looking for body protection off road I would be dissatisfied. The tubing is thin wall and i believe it will not take much to bend these if struck upon an object off road. Over all the looks of the steps is the way I was going but would have preferred the lower tube tucked up a bit higher. It does give it a rock slider look to them just dont think they would take that abuse. I will update this if there is any negative that comes up with the steps.
Nice product, purchased to replaced damaged ones, which came on my truck. May upgrade after I see how they handle the car wash. Beside the expected adhesive trim tape, the newer ones had extension tabs, which insert behind the exterior mirror body mouldings, which increase the installation integrity and reduce chance of wind, water, carwash, etc, dislodging them.
It didn't come with a heat shield but I was able to fabricate one for it. Otherwise it bolted right up and is working great so far. I'll update if I have any problems within a reasonable time.
I can't say it leak proof or water resistance, because I haven't tested that part out yet, it's not as sturdy as I had hope, but it does the trick
The Fob replaced my old one. It was easy to install
Works perfectly. Looks exactly like OEM part. The only issue is the spacing on the mounting holes is too far apart. Only one of the holes lines up with the holes on the battery box. I only re-installed 1 of the bolts which is plenty for this small part.
Really bright. Bright for safety. ..
its perfect for extra drink,or for bigger cups fits great. not in the way of driving either. i use it alot
The rotors fit well but the brakes and clip were a fraction bigger than the original, so it fit really snugged.
Box completely collapsed when they arrived. No sign of damage to the strut assembly. Install process was simple enough, but alot of heavy lifting is involved. Vehicle needed alignment after install.
Better than original.
My hand gets a little bit cold riding in 43 degree (F) weather, but for the price, you cant beat it.
Good quality vinyl decal, gave it four stars based on the fact it was very hard to get the backing off. Looks good though!
Very good for the price. Looks great installed, the only reason for 4 instead of 5 stars was because I needed to bend the metal a bit because it was warped compared the rubber. Luckily since theyre separate pieces this was easy. Good product overall!
I thought it would be inside the windshield but it was vinyl lettering on the outside. Time will tell if it will last.
Very easy to set up, gave me accurate reading
Ok. I bought these LED lights for my 2006 Dodge ram 2500. They are good lights and have a built in fan to keep the components cool. I put them in and first thing I noticed is they would only work on the high beams. On the low beams they would flicker 3 or 4 times then shut off. After googling and investigating, I found it I would need an anti flicker harness. I ordered those for like 20.00 and I was good to go.
Great standard option. Fit my Ford Edge well. Will be easy to keep clean and cheap enough if I need to replace them. I'd buy them again.
Paint Issues - I see a lot of reviews saying the paint chips away after a while and I personally love the design and almost didn't buy them. I invested in a little bottle of resin to coat them with before installing them onto my vehicle. It has a UV coating for protection. I'll update in a month or two for an update
didn't fit my car well. Gave them to a friend
Easy to install. So no mess up the. Look of the vehicle.
Direct replacement for my 08 Ram. I didn't realize how broken down the old cushion was until I installed this one. I had to adjust my steering wheel and mirror! Much more comfortable. If you're thinking about it, do it.
she was very please with this gift.
It works good but does not last long.
Don't like how they use plastic for the outer part no ac delco stamp on it seems like they got cheap making this part. But my truck runs great now.
Got the job done door opens now
Nice little item, it came fully charged. My car sat for 3 months with a dead battery and I hooked the jump start up and my car started right up.
perfect. easy to install. great buy.
Good fit, except in the area of the key. It feels like there is to much play in that area. Other than that it works well
liked and good quality
These work well and are soft, can't ask for much more.
Product is great however it's made in an arc shape. For my 2018 300 shifter the surface is flat. I had to push the middle hard to have it flushed but not all the way. I am afraid it will gather dirt overtime.
Not enough shims. But once you get this anchored it is an asset
Thinner than I was expecting but does the job for the price.
Works well, but not for the flex. I gave it to my neighbor.
Works like a charm. Love how easy it is. Has a great feel too.
To make it fit I had to use a heat gun because the edges towards the door entry where sticking up. By not doing this you would catch your feet on edge when entering vehicle. I really believe if this mat was made of more soft rubber material that it would be great. Then it would be rated 5 stars.
I use these to add weight to model railroad train cars. My only complaint is the backing is not as good as some other brands. But I still gave it four stars.
Fit fine after 2 layers of camper sticky foam tape behind rear window to make same height as side rails.
Can't beat it for the price.
If you want something for wheel wells I'd say this would work great. Using them as running lights on a motorcycle they are plenty bright. Just be careful installing them not to twist the cable up.
Part fit correctly on 2001 Old's Aurora, just took a little time for the computer to read new part. The only reason for a 4 on rating was due to poor packaging. The Idle Air Control valve was laying out separated from its box in shipping envelope as the part box was crushed during shipment. This part is sensitive as the plunger could be moved out of timing. So far seems to be working fine, got lucky.
Had to modify because it is not really universal. It works great but be prepared to do some metal work to make it fit your winch. Fits great in 2016 Polaris Rzr XP4 1000.
I put these on my steel bumper of my Jeep when I tow it. So far no issues with coming undone while towing and the lights work just fine.
Good .. very bright and easy to install
The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars was that the magnet ring that sits at the base of the handle was only glued down. Sometimes, when I remove the pin the magnet stays attached to my mower hitch. It's easy to pull it off and slide back down the shaft, though. So much easier than dealing with cotter pins.
Great quality and very happy get this product,it apply to my mountain bike,Since then I don't worry about the sun and big storm, highly recommend this covers
It seems to work...ðŸ‘ðŸ»ðŸ‘ðŸ»ðŸ‘ðŸ».
Item arrived well packaged with no issues. Installs easy enough with 3 screws and an easy plug attachment. Sound is definitely louder than the factory item that it replaced but at half the price I suppose that is to be expected.
worked fairly well on 2011 Impala LT. The lock ring is a bit flimsy but functional.
My car had a wierd smell after putting this into the filter port... But it is gone now...
I bought the memory foam seat cushion to protect my leather seats from the normal wearing of getting in and out of the car. The seat cushion does everything I hoped it would. Fits my 2013 Acura, does not slip, and protects the leather of my car seat.
Works fine...price was better than at motorcycle shop.
It's fits perfect so far ! Four stars it didn't include screws and brackets u have to buy that from dealer
Wife originally had one of these when she lived in Illinois , when she moved to Texas I was like we will never be using this in South Texas I threw it away when cleaning the garage , 2 months later it iced over and now i ordered 2 of these just in case .
This is a perfect OEM Battery for Chevy Volt. My 2011 Volts battery lasted 8 years before showing a low voltage on occasion. This battery REQUIRES a full days of charging at low current to properly charge (1-2 Amps). Mine is perfect since full charging and I got a great price here on Amazon. If you have a charger, it's a no brainier. Otherwise, see your GM dealer or AC DELCO retailer.
I purchased these for my 2014 dodge ram 1500. They are the wrong bulb for the front overhead lights. They are the right bulb style for the back seat light. However, they are too small to stay in place. I had to wrap the leads in aluminum foil to get them to stay in place. I will see how they hold up with driving.
These are cool little add-ons BUT buyers should be made aware they need to apply anti-seize to inside of cap or it will very quickly (weeks) destroy your valve stem. This aluminum will chemically weld itself to your valve stem and will never be removable without damaging both! Should add a little packet in package or print a warning...
It last me about 8 months
Read headline brother
Easy to install but moves from time to time; need to figure out how to secure better.
all you need is half of brain to install, it's so easy
This product was very easy to use. It added a nice personal touch 2 the original key fob. Although I had the leather OEM key fob, he's different color cases added a nice personal touch. The only downside is that there is no Volvo logo on these accessories. Also, the internal original key fob fits a little loosely inside these add-ons. It's very hard to notice, and if you're not using the actual buttons on the key fob you would probably never notice. Finally, this additional case adds a lot of extra weight to the key fob. However, I dropped mine off in and had chipped almost all the Chrome off my original key fob. These add on external cases seem to hold it very well to my daily abuse.
Works well (no leaks) - time will tell if re-useable as advertised
How to start a game at the right time we're able to get it in a short. Of time then able to get it installed and everything went well and it was exact one that that we wanted and needed and the price is right thank you Amazon
I was hesitant about this product, but after I put it on and let it soak I to the rubber then cleaned it off, it did a great job of reconditioning.
Not an exact match to OEM but close enough when compared to the price of manufacturer replacements. This whole set costs less than one original.
They're great, durable and fit well. I do recommend setting them outdoors to air out for a few days until you put them in your car.
Shall install at a later date
nice top cool design BUT I Thought it came with the side windows for doors too, guess I read Side windows and assumed a complete top would..........................
Fits exactly on the oe console. I would suggest using more doubled sided tape for a more secured hold. It does have a slight interference with the corner of the passenger seat. That's possibly due to having a thick padded seat cover. Overall a great design for more storage.
They're way thinner than they appeared online. True to color and design, though.
Came quick but 1/2 the legs were broken off, can't say it's the seller, warehouse or the mail service.
The styling is a bit strange. You can't easily take the key out, but still a good product.
Handy to care and cover my regardless where I am
So far, so good. Plugged it right in to my 2011 Street Glide and turned it on. Very bright. Riding to Rolling Thunder in May, we'll see if it lasts!
Worked as advertised. Installed them backwards to get a tighter fit on my car.
I got all four finally installed, broke two tabs and lost one cap in a week. The tabs felt slightly oversized
I used this to pump in new transmission fluid into my trans. The quality feels a little weak and flimsy, but hey, it gets the job done. it's easy to use and the instructions are clear enough it took about 2 minutes to piece it together. and to be completely honest, it transferred the fluid at a faster rate than i was anticipating. As a tip, because it ended up spilling all over my garage floor, even once it's done picking fluid out of the bottle just keep pumping. it took quite a few more ghost pumps before it cleared out of collector reservoir
Once I thought I had it figured out, I tried to use it. Not coming with instructions is dangerous. The correct way to use it would have been nice. I now use it one way for days and then the other way around for nights. This has yielded the best results. I would like to know if I am using the thing correctly, however.
Very bright, maybe a little to bright? Installation was very straightforward.
Very stiff. Not the best quality but the price isn't bad.
Great quality and easy to install. No issues just surprised it isn't brighter but still recommend.
good product keeps fob safe but ripped on me
Longer than expected
Good price for a quality engine mount
Product is as advertised. Would purchase again. Does an excellent job protecting my seat backs from my grandchildren's dirty shoes.
Excited to start cleaning my bike with everything in the kit. Appears to be high quality and decent quantity too. Will amend review once I've got a few washes in. Writing review though because the toolbox was delivered with on of its closure tabs missing. Would hope that something like wouldn't go unnoticed before it was sent out.
This works, however, you need to buy your own software. The software I found for my iphone didn't have my exact car which means the data I'm getting isn't entirely accurate. I have an Infiniti Q50 hybrid.
Bags are beautiful. One of the latches didn't quite line up right but some minor modifications we made it work.
I really only need the smaller of the cones, so to prevent it from unscrewing I ended up welding it to the driver. Yes, it's too short to drive the anchor pin all the way through with the hub on the axel, but just long enough to get it started. Switch to a long hammer bit and you can drive the anchor pin all the way out without worrying of slippage. Still may need to apply heat, depending how ceased the pin is. If there's a will, there's a way. Tldr: Weld the cup you really need, drive anchor pin til you cant, switch to long hammer bit and go to town. Apply heat as needed. Worth forty bucks to make brake jobs easier.
Love these look great on my car
It was a gift and we haven't used it yet to jump or charge a battery. But it's nice to know it's available when we need it.
Well made bag. Good design and price.
These latches seem durable and strong so far (only had them on 1 day). The instructions were tough to read and images were hard to see, but if you're even moderately mechanically inclined, you should be fine. Once installed, they look a lot better than the factory ones. Overall, I'm pleased. I'll update if that changes.
Put it in my side by side. Works great
I really like the lights but after a day of rain I noticed the rear light had moisture. So happened to rain three days straight, the rear light had filled up with water inside. After spending alot of money to install. I will be contacting the manufacturer for a replacement rear light
Its great, a bit expensive though for what you are getting.
shipped fast , as pictured good quality...took off a star for packaging. What a waste! It is a little single sticker that came in a box the size of a shoebox...should've used a cardboard envelope.
Installed two of these on my bowfishing boat last spring. I put yellow window tinting over them to help reduce glare when looking into the water. The places we shoot can be rough on equipment but this has held up well. Only time will tell how well they'll continue to work.
Everything is cool but the price. It should be cheaper.
Great for the price. Just a little thin.
Nice color for license plate bulbs, but not as bright as other LED bulbs out there. Kind of more expensive, but it is a name brand versus some of the other generic ones that could harm your electrical system
Larger than expected but good quality and key will be easy to find now lol. Should have read dimensions first
I purchased these for my 98 Mustang, after installation half of them didn't work, so took them out and rotated 180% like they say to do and they still didn't work and here is the problem... I found that the metal tangs are in the right position and some are in the wrong position. In the photo the one onthe left is correct for my application and the one on the right is wrong and this is the way they came in the bags. look at your old bulbs to find out what works for your application and adjust the metal tangs accordingly and you should have no problem getting them to work, you still might have to rotate 180% as there is a positive and negative side. Mine all work great now and I am pleased. I give it 4 stars only because I had to find this problem and removed my guage cluster 3 times to get them working properly...
Great cloths. Like the size and colors. Just wish the tag was larger to hang on hooks.
They are nice if u have the bike they fit on they say they will work for any bike witch they do . But you will need to make your own bracket to attach there's to an maybe cut an weld there's to be tighter to bike but they look nice seem real sturdy I like them just had to do my own fabrication to them for my Honda shadow 1100 I would recommend them
real happy with product
These are the white bulbs you are looking for. They do have polarity and only fit one way.
Good product, little big for a RZR cage but works.
Great kit overall only dislike was I had to max out the keys just to get it level. Other than that I love it. Rides nice and looks good
I returned as don't fit when feet all the way up! Quality appears good!
Great selection. Good quality.
have to be a little careful with the lid when its cold but cant beat it for the price compared to oem price
just what I needed, just wish it a little bit bigger, but it works well and the price was right...
The white-marked fuses make them easy to see after replacing. I was disappointed that the box did not include a fuse-puller like many other kits, but it otherwise contains what I need.
Can I purchase just one hubcap cause I already lost one. Please reply
They are good for the price. Easy install. The yellow is very 3k in color but not as bright as I expected. They created less light than my halogens. They look good though.
They leave a little lint until after they're washed but I'm very happy with them.
One of the pegs were a little to large. My husband got creative with his drill and made it work. Other then that looks great.
Pros: Nice and bright. They look good in my new housings. Cons: lots of people think the normal headlights are brights, so I get a lot of hate from other drivers. The brights did not work - had to buy a set of resistors.
Overall pretty good stopped headlights from flickering but didn't help with radio interference
UODATE! I changed from 2 stars to 4 stars! Customer service reached out to me and they did everything in their efforts to fix my issue. Great service! I had to return my bulbs but these guys really do what they can to make sure you are satisfied! Previous review: Looks like a great bulb but it did not fit my truck. Tried multiple sockets and none fit as it said it would fit my reverse and tail lights. The large base of the bulb would not fit into the socket.
Exactly what I needed and was easy to replace.
Downloaded the recommended app and connected with the instructions provided. No issues. I didn't need to clear a code, just wanted to see how engine was running. Product did exactly what was asked.
Feels like this is sturdy and will hold up. Pay attention when ordering if you have an aesthetic preference, I had intended all black and mine came with red stitching that I didn't notice was a selection.
Increase the bend and it is very functional
Great price looks good...easy installation. This one I have on my 2019 trail boss and have no problem with the tailgate going down.
I received the ballast in a timely fashion. It 2as in perfect condition and works. I still need the ignitor though.
Good product for the price
Convenient easy to use works as stated
Good product but some may find the accelerator cover difficult to install. Takes significant manual strength and instructions could be better.
So far they have worked with no issues. Easy to program, but I've only had them a couple of weeks.
As stated in many of the reviews the rear fender flares go on very easy, the front two flares are a PITA! Shipping: All items were supplied in the box, no missing pieces and it arrived on time Prep: This takes half of the time, my fingers hurt from pushing all the rubber edging into the flares, which the adhesive could be stronger with but it did the job. The bits and bolts are simple to install. Fender flare install: not much to say about the rears, very easy to install as they line up with the existing holes. The front flares, aka nightmares, the instructions could be in color to help visualize where to put things for install, i do not fee confident with the hardware that was supplied to ensure a snug fit for the front two flares. The clips and small screws are a pain to try and line up and you will defiantly need help from someone else pushing the flare in and up so you can try and get the blessing of the gods to screw those in. I'm not sure if the flare will settle over time but there is a small gap on my front passenger side, maybe 1/4 inch from where the rubber edge does not touch the truck. Overall they look good once you get them on but you will have some serious frustration with the front two.
They work great. They would be perfect if the amperage was easier to read.
The doors aluminum piece looks sleek on it. Just a few FYI for Polaris owners, we have the 1000S and we ordered it for it, turns out the back triangle piece that's fits is their 900 model triangle. You will have to call but they mailed ours in 2 days! Fantastic customer service! Also if you have any bags on the inside of the doors you will have to drill holes through the aluminum to re attach the bags into the stock screw holes. Also had to purchase longer screws to attach the bags, found at Home Depot. Lastly, we had to move the door back further to ensure the aluminum didn't rub on the plastic body. But a minor tweak that anyone can do! All in all I am happy with the way it looks and cut a out on the dirt and mud!
Works for what I needed. Not real secure though.
Really big and not as bright as others
Good value for money, easy install. I like the Velcro closure design, and this covers aspect of leaving the top of the bed side rail open to allow for other accessories. I gave 4 for overall because the clamping system is a little week on gripping and needs readjusting occasionally for the tailgate to close properly.
Like it, just smaller than expected
Nice to be able to see what is in an ammo box with out having to open it and find it's not what you want.
Solid product,one of the hooks broke while I was securing the net.Other than that,no complaints
The good: I love these things I would give five stars if it weren't for them failing. They're really bright and put a lot of light down the road which make it easier to drive on dark roads/highways with few to no street lights. They also make driving in poor conditions such as rain and fog/snow easier. The bad: I've had these for over a year now and have had both lights partially fail within 3 months of each other(deduct two stars for failing units). One diode on each unit started to flicker and put out a miniscule amount of light. Their customer service was extremely responsive and sent me replacements at no cost within days of me contacting them with my problem. They let me keep the partially working lights until the replacement units came so I was not driving with only one headlight working. (Add star for speedy/ reliable customer service.)
Seem strong and should last. The step is slippery. Received with zero directions but not hard to figure out.
Great product for a really good price. This works great to clean rims, is easy to use, and reaches back well. The back/larger part of this tool is the perfect size, I wish the front/smallest part of the tool was smaller- it's tought to get this in the tight spots. Overall: happy with this product and it seems to be well made.
I gave it a 4 star since I haven't used it yet but it looks well made. I have it standing by for when my starter quits, I will have to disconnect fuel lines to get to it.
Just as it should be.
Worked as advertised
Installed easily. First time I hit the brake light it blew the motorcycle taillight fuse. I replaced the fuse and it has been working fine now for weeks. It is super bright and great for safety.
Used this for a dent on hood and it works perfect
They worked well. The connections Where you plug them in to your original sockets was a little tough to make full connection. I bent the tangs to make them work. Once working that are great.
The bad: The package arrived beat to death and one spot at the bottom of the left side stair runner was bent and the powder coating was chipped off of it. I was able to straighten it out with a block of wood and a rubber mallet, but it's still bare metal now. I will likely just spray paint the spot. The good: Installation was a breeze and the stairs are far superior in stability versus the factory fold out ones. They are easily adjustable for different terrain and the large landing step is great. We've spent about two weeks camping with these installed so far. I really like the stable feel of solid steps over the factory steps. They do squeak a bit and have some slight movement when you rock your feet front to back while standing flat footed on each stair. This leads me to believe they may start loosening up over time. I will amend my review later if this is the case. So far my wife and I like these steps and are glad we bought them. Time will tell on the durability.
Would be nice if you could select ones that are not predrilled for a different model. But they work and the price was good.
The product ID help two batteries I try to revive wasn't a hundred percent but it did bring at least 50% life back to
The starter does crank "scary" fast and the truck starts much quicker. As long as the starter doesn't hurt anything (flywheel) in the long term, I think it will be alright. It's been on maybe a month now.
It works really well very nice. I like it
Bought one for my r56 mini and it didnt work, something inside was broke and it rattled when shaken. Ended up returning it and buying another one, that one ended up working. As far as interface and programming its all fairly simple anyone can get the basic concept
These have helped me keep my vehicle organized
good product fits well
looks good and maintain overflow.
This backseat organizer saved a lot of space. The 2 cups holders are great for kids and the tissues box stays on the organized now. Everyone loves the tray which is helpful while we feed kid on the travel. There are many different size pockets and one of the can hold the iPad, it is useful.
Love these, I even bought a second one for my husband
This spark plug seems to be a great replacement for the price. The first order I was shorted 2 plugs, but the company made everything right as quickly as possible. I appreciate their support.
Easy installation and function. Four starr reasoning is one lock mechanism has a concerning "feel" to is when pressed in to lock. It locks and unlocks fine, however, just don't have the right feel and won't "click" when it locks like the other one.
Works great. I'm still using it.
More stable and easier to grip than rectangular sponge applicators. A good applicator for the money. Would prefer an even more rigid handle to make it perfect.
Works great second time buying these. First set lasted 3 years till now, when I I decided to do tune up, after 1 went bad. Great product.
It was quick and easy, I like that. I used the U bolts on a my boat trailer.
Great organizer. Only issue I have is the spot where you can place a tissue box. I purchased the standard box of tissue, however the box is too big for this compartment. When this was designed, what type of tissue box were they thinking? So keep this in mind if you plan on using this. Need to find a much smaller box of tissue. Other than that this item is well made, and holds a ton of stuff. Also it doubles as a kick mat for the kids so they are not scuffing up the back of the seat.
Good set. They stayed on all winter, but you cannot roll down your window or it will fall off immediately! Quality is pretty good - I can probably use them next Christmas, too!
Very soft especially for 12 gauge wire. Copper strands are so fine the are almost like hair. Very easy to work with.
Used to connect fuel filter to fuel line, arrived fast and seems to be good quality
Didn't like that you have to cut the dash insulation to make it fit, not the same as original equipment. Otherwise easy to install. What I did like is it was half the price from the dealer and it fixed the problem.
Really like this cover. It fits perfectly on my Toyota 2017 Tundra Crewmax Platinum short bed The only thing I would love to see is the anti-theft design where the lock-down latch should be from metal or aluminum other than plastic and some security lock-down latch inside next to tailgate when needed for extra security. I would give this product a perfect rating with 5 stars.
Love that it's easy to use and install and that it's actually working the way I hoped it would
AC in up and running :)
buffing wax on a show car
LOVE the look of these seat covers and they fit my 2001 Honda Civic bucket seats perfectly. Only minor complaint is they're not made as well as in the past. If you're not very careful while installing covers, the foam in seat area rips easily underneath! Otherwise, great price & look! Recommend highly for inexpensive seat covers.
Haven't had a chance to try them yet, but the scrapers look well able to do the job -- just what I was looking for. The bag they arrived in was torn, with one scraper hanging out. You might work bit on packaging.
It didn't work for me, but I thought it was worth a try
Product does what it says. The picture is clear and it is easy to use.
Bent a little; had to bend back but good value
These seat covers are great for the money. They are a little bit of a pain to install on newer cars with power seats but that being said it can be done with a little patience. And they do look really good!
I wanted something different instead of the generic cup holders that come with the car. I love the way it looks. I wish they were a little bigger though.
Very good quality. Has weight for stability.
Product is good and was delivered fast
It fit my 06 caravan. The nut inserts were deeper and i had to use different screws the factory ones didn't work. Comes with new bulbs and sockets. Adjustment seems close out of the box but i haven't driven it yet
Not disappointed. Read the reviews and knew the pine scent wouldn't last very long. And, that's ok. Wanted it mostly for the "big fellow".
Good product, easy installation
Comes in a sturdy case with easy to follow instructions. I dig.
It works as intended and is easy to install. The metal handles are far better than the plastic.
These are replacement speakers and wont make your system sound like a thousand dollar system but they are much better that the stock ones.
Could be a little bit brighter but they look good
Good product, I used the straps when I moved to a new apartment.
Levers came in and they were exactly what I needed and they came in on time. Everything was well packaged and my parts work exactly how I need them to, very satisfied.
The rear stand is flawless, fits right under the swing arm and lifts the rear tire at least 4-6 inches off the ground. Had some trouble with the front stand as you gotta line it up with the forks. Strongly recommend having two people when lifting the bike, one person keeps it balanced and another to push the stand down. Assembly took less than 5 minutes, just have a socket wrench with a 1/2 in socket handy to tighten the nuts.
Did what I bought it to do.
Looks just like the one it was replacing , so time will tell , doing great so far !
Cool looking lights. Running light does not fit snug. Nice video on YouTube suggested using electrical tape to make it fit snug.
Good quality bumper. Tire carrier slants back slightly but all in all it's good for the money. Would have given 5 stars but didn't come with instructions. Ordered a third brake light mount as well and didn't come with instructions either (not that I needed any, but two purchases from EAG and neither included instructions.) Hopefully quality will last.
They are nice. Wish you could dime the lights. And i dont really understand all of the flashing settings lol. Over all i like it tho.
I did not like the way they were packaged. There was huge tacks that You had to pull out so it ripped mine
This is pretty good! Gets the job done.
Fitment is on point. Hard to beat for the money. Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was the lip is warped from being stored improperly.
Cheap LED bulb. Seems to work decent. What you would expect from lower end LED. Still looks better than stock incandescent bulbs though.
Great product great price
Guess I should have paid better attention to the size. It is about half the size that I needed but it cleans well and works as expected.
Easy to install and worked to pump fluid to my windshield.
It is a basic car cabin filter. Nothing special. It replaced the factory filter which was dirty. I always change them myself as it is an easy 1 minute job and saves a bundle of money vs. having the dealer service dept or oil changing place do it for you. It may trap dust, dirt and allergens, but does not cut the outdoor odors entering the car. It fit fine in the filter slot.
Easy application and great smell! Have not had to test out if it actually works yet from spills but have high hopes.
Yes, it fits my 2013 RAV4. I have needed these.
So far these bulbs are significantly brighter than the incandescent bulbs that came in my camper. It's obvious that they use far less electricity as, my converter cooling fan does not run as fast or as much when all my lights are on. They don't get hot like other LED replacements I've tried in my other motorhome. I've had these bulbs for about a week and ordered more because I was short 3 bulbs. I've change out every single bulb for these bulbs now, and I'm happy so far. Only complaint, first order I ordered version 2 but got version 1, this second order I received version 2 as indicated on my order. Either way version 1 and version 2 work good. Version 2 is easier to plug in.
Definitely worth the price. Instructions are very vague but any do it yourselfer can figure it out. Had to use a thread chaser on one of the bolt holes but no big deal.
For the price it is good
i love this radio I bought and i am really happy with it. it works great. i got CD and DVD player, i used hotspot from my phone to connect to YouTube. the bluetooth works great you can download a ton of apps from Google play store. what I dont like is the back camera shows everything very close and you got to buy a part to operate the steering control other than that you good to love the radio you need a equalizer with this radio.. it makes your car looks good
I was worried that I'd have to struggle to get a non-EOM part to fit and that it wouldn't work as well as the original. After watching a video and reading some on-line tips, I was able to complete the installation with no problems. Works like a charm!
This works good on my Nissan Frontier with the purchase of the OEM to Brake Controller pigtail. Easy to install. Although, adjusting the sensitivity is very touchy.
These mats were a great addition to my new car! They fit nicely in my Honda I sight and feel durable. The price was great! I'm taking off one star because they do need to be readjusted sometimes as they seem to slid ever so slightly.
I had to replace the starter 2x in 4 years and it's great to get it for more than half off any stores in town.
Good looking plate, easy to put on and good quality. Kinda pricey but happy with the purchase.
Nice product well made. But the distributor cap went bad 6 months later but a good buy still nice construction on the distributor itself
Bulbs are nice & bright, but it triggers the burnout bulb detection mechanism on my turn signals.
You should up the price to include new studs and nuts to go from turbo charger to exhaust. Other than that exactly what was described. And very prompt shipping. a bang for your buck
Works great and only takes up plug in to charge multiple phones.
I like the most is nice bright rhinestones. the least I don't like hopefully you guys use a very good quality glue so can stay the stone in place.
Purchase as a Christmas gift. I assume it'll work as described
It is OK for what I need instead of breaking my back pushing my small trailer into my driveway.
Matched exactly for my 2002 Chevy Silverado. Very easy to install.
Good product for the pricing, came in a organized package too
It installed good and looks good.Good value!
So far is durable and seems well made. Plenty of elastic stretch for a snug fit. Wife won't drape it down the back until the muffler/ tail pipe cools off, which makes sense. No problems or complaints.
Wish it would have had a telescoping arm on it or something, but not a bad little brush.
This is a great tool, in fact I have had previous versions of it. Unfortunately this one failed on me while still under warranty. When I contacted the Power Probe Tek support email, I was told that warranties are dealt through the seller. So I contacted the seller who was "Tool Deals" , they immediately refused to deal with warranty issues allegedly because they are the seller but the order was fulfilled by Amazon. So I had to contact Amazon, who finally agreed to take back the item as a return. Contacted Power Probe Tek support email again, and they confirmed that they only honor warranties directly through them if bought from Amazon Services, directly. So now the failed unit is on the way back and I order another one from Amazon Services.
I was sent an 8 pack, and they don't have the black coating like pictured, so no 5 star review. I think that would keep vibrations low and protect the seats better. Anyways, they work well enough. I bent them out a little so my purse handle would fit better.
This is the correct size but needed some modification to go on the trunk of my X5
This product works as advertised. It seems to be better than most of the products out there.
Everything as advertised, but only time will tell and 3 weeks is not long enough to be sure.
Item appears to be well made and should not rust quickly.
Easy to install ands looks great. Haven't been in any serious off road situations with them yet. Not sure how durable.
The lines fit perfect in the front but are a little tight in the back. I have a 2015 C Max.
I only gave it 4 stars because It's only been a couple of weeks. Will have to see how long they last, but so far so good.
Well constructed replacement connector. With the addition of some silicon sealant around the cord and connector rim this is as water resistant as the original molded plug.
I love this product, it fits my truck great!!
Not high quality but will help u got in
Brighter and whiter than the stock bulbs for sure, and have a little better range and side beam also. Somewhat expensive but I'd buy again. Depends on how long they last.
My car was suddenly stopped on the road. Urgently needed the device. The tester was inexpensive, easy to use; I was very satisfied.
Goes around the battery fine, it's just trying to secure the ends. I had to use 2 sided strength tape to secure the ends.
This block makes adding all those accessories simple Comes in different sizes Find the one that's right for you and order in confidence Only one thing to watch for : You should get the version that matches your native fuse size - this way you can have ONE set of spares
Fit my 2017 Tacoma well.
This is just a shell! You need an existing key fob to take the electrical components out of. I transferred the chip board and the rest of the interior pretty easily. Getting the key position correctly so it flipped like it needed to was kind of a pain. The bigger pain was screwing it closed again without the key popping out and while keeping the battery where it needed to be. The screw heads strip easily so be aware of that. Also the buttons are off center which is only bothersome aesthetically if you're that type. Many reviews stated that they had a hard time finding a place to cut the keys. After trying and failing at Lowe's, Ace Hardware, Home Depot and a local locksmith, I had success at Walmart with no questions asked. I wasn't even charged because I provided the keys. The keys are a bit long so the stick out of the ignition a little further than normal. If you can get past all of that, this is for you. Still giving it a four star rating because they work great and the price was right. And again, skip the hardware stores and locksmiths and proceed to Walmart to get them cut. It will save you time, frustration and a headache.
Great adjustability and quality look and feel. Way better than what they replaced. Ease of use is difficult though without some extra help to weigh down the body when reconnecting though.
couldn't fit both rubber washers on.
These covers fit my 15" RV tires perfect, but the vinyl material seems like it will degrade kinda quick when sitting in the Phoenix sun all the time... we'll see.
Purchase fir repair to the pealing edges of my trucks headliner. I sprayed it into a cup and applied with a brush. The results were less than pretty due to my lack of skills but the adhesive held wonderfully. I think I will get a much better result next time as I learn how the thin fabric behaves. Good stuff.
This is a well designed little air compressor.There are a few steps to go through before it will actually pump air.I do wish the digital display and buttons were bigger.
They fit excellent and look great too on my silverado ext cab. So great that I would've rated them at 5 stars, but the adhesive tape placed on the lip of the visors i received was very crudely done. So bad that there were two random pieces of tape on two visors; also the tape was so out of place in some spots that some adhesive was showing, even after proper installation. So I had to trim those clean. Also the packaging the visors came in was crudely done. So all in all they look great and are very tough, but the company needs to work on some things.
These are easy to put on and take off but they could use a couple more magnets to hold it closer to the window to keep the sun from peeking through. But overall they do help keep the car cooler in the hot southwest sun.
Not much to say. Came as advertised. Fit perfect for my 2000 Toyota Sienna. Quality seemed as good or if not better than OEM.
I haven't had to use these and hopefully I don't but if I do I'll have them. They store easily under the back seat.
Projector housing came out of the entire housing after slightly adjusting the wrong direction. Dreading taking the entire thing apart to repair. Work well with the 55w hid's I put it them though
I appreciated the compact storage and lightweight apparatus. I don't want to struggle with a heavy item trying to clean out a small space, like a car interior. For less than $30, this is a fine vacuum, and it's definitely better than the free ones offered at some carwash places and does the job without lugging out the whole vacuum. The accessory tools are easy to connect and they stay connected during use. I also don't have a garage at the moment, so portability was essential.
great quality and i feel like i got what i paid for! it's so shiny when light hits them in the dark
Good price. Fit as needed
Good product, but pricy!
Works great on the 2018 Wrangler JL. A little tricky to install but ended up figuring it out. Provides good shade. Pretty quiet still in the wind.
Thick cover. Seems well made, haven't had too long. Needles are a bit cheap, they bent on install. But I am a bit heavy handed. Takes a bit of time to install.
Good product at a good price
This is nice add on to my Moto, nice thicker wire gauge than other cheaper version. Love it so much I bought the other versions.
Assembly instructions and alignment of hitch bracket could be improved quite a bit. It made our 2k mile trip just fine!
I like the look and I think they are what I wanted but I have not had a chance to install or used yet.
Bought it for a gift for a co-worker. Exactly what she wanted.
Not lined, so I wouldn't use it outside where the wind might cause abrasion to the paint. I looked at many and didn't notice this one wasn't lined. Heavy material, which is great, but a soft lining would get it 5 stars... even if I had to pay a little more for it. If you're just storing your bike inside, no problem. I have a 2003 Goldwing and it fits well.
I bought this for sharpening my electric razor blades. It worked well for that application. I haven't used it for anything else yet, but by the way it worked I think it will do the job of removing and shining the chrome I want to use it on.
It work but the two contact need alignment with plug
Works great but the end of the hood side flew off the first time I used it when I finally found I screwed it back on and so far so good.
Only used it once and so far it seems to work well. The only improvement I can recommend is replacing the screw on cap with and attachment that clamps down on the air valve.
Product is great and the definition of the logo is very good. On the flip side, the logo keep rotating in its housing and you constantly have to adjust it to align with the door. unless you find a trick to maintain it in position. Otherwise, been installed for 2 months and looks great. I do not drive the car very often so I cannot really speak for reliability. I will update this review if anything changes down the road.
So far, drop in fit for 2005 3.7L Liberty sport. So, I dont really know about durability. Only nitpick is the rubber shroud doesnt quite line up.
This works, but it has some wiggle in it because it is not snug with the Reese hitches it is made for.
I'm only on day 2 with my hid kit in a 2012 Subaru outback. Night and day difference on light output, I'm honestly surprised I'm not getting high beamed it's that much brighter. The install was very easy after removing front bumper (also very easy). My only reason for 4 stars is the drivers bulb has a very slight flickering. I'm not sure if its cause by a poor connection or if the kit needs an anti flicker installed.
Very satisfied with the helmet. The leather liner fit very nicely but I do wish that the leather chin strap was longer. I do not have a big head but I need to use the last latch hole to fit the strap on my chin.
Follow directions works great.
They are pretty easy to put on, just make sure you have the front one in the front and the back one in the back. They are different sizes. I really like these, only reason why not a 5 star is they whistle when you drive with them on. They are very sturdy. I had a soft car top on with a lot of luggage and it was no problem for them. If I need another pair, would I buy these again - yes.
Fits like a glove. Embossed image could be a little sharper but overall its holding up well.
The little details are great.It's a little heavier and durable design with soft anti-slip mat.Loving the cool light in back&Wiring hidden storage design.It is versatile.Thoughtful and careful design of the product.Really make this a pleasure to use.
They have been on my car for weeks now and they still look like the first day out of the box.
The cables provided made installation a little easier. I had what i thought was a universal cig lighter in my car but these are a lil too big so I have to bore out the hole some. These are advertised as marine sockets tho so i cant hold it against them. Great value for the money, they work fantastic.
The good, everything there, including the grease. Stops on a dime gives ya a nickel back! The bad, they rust up even if a dark cloud goes over, lots of dust from the front pads. Still not a bad deal for the money.
This Ford Raptor Grille I installed on my 2015 Ford F-150 fit perfectly. Mine came with all the equipment needed for installation. It did not come with instructions but there are plenty of install videos on YouTube. Pretty straight forward installation.
This really worked! Took it on vacation to store beach chairs and linens. Lots of room. It was a little unnerving at first because it makes sounds but that's probably why they call it the "Whistler." It quieted down eventually. It made it the 4 hours there and back. Would recommend!
Works well, but took him a couple weeks to figure it out. He finally let me win out and stopped leaping over it. He is getting old and not as feisty.
Works well. Just wish it lasted longer
Quite pricey, but so very convenient, easy, fast to use. I will buy more as needed.
Very easy to install. A little heavy so you might want a partner to help. Does not blow as much air as the original one I had but does the job and beats the $1000 quote I was given to have one installed.
I didn't read all info about this because when I first time used it I smelled something. Lol I don't like scented spray. But what it's actually used for works fine.
Really like these mats although they are a little thin. They really dress up your vehicle or just make it look cute! Either way they are a good value for the price!
It's just ok. Not as bright as I would've liked it to be.
I placed it on my CAI. It did keep the air coming into the TB down by 5-10 Â°F.
Not very thick material but price will dictate quality
It was a surprise for my boyfriend so I had to install it myself. The front seats are super easy to install but not the rear seats. It has a video tutorial online but the tutorial can not be referred to all types of car! It took me one and half hour to install at last. It looks awesome on my boyfriend's car and most importantly he loves it! So it's fine.
Seems to work fine. Although the connectors for the power supply come loose and I lost power twice. Simply use some electrical tape to reinforce.
Cousin's Escalade needed a replacement handle for passenger door. Glad I found it here, because so many of these break for on everybody's Escalade, they sell out at salvage yards!
I like the way you can mold it to clean inside the rim
As others have said it is a little softer in the front but still has a little bit of shape. The quality other wise is pretty decent and the price was appropriate.
Price was fair to better than compared to parts store. Went in pretty easy, Im happy
Pretty good and keep very cool even when braking the heck out of my car.
Totally changed the way my car looks ðŸ˜Š
Small emblem but looks ok. Fast shipping
Don't use them a lot yet but for some one doing UBER it would be great for car riders and their handbags, or grabbing the kids with backpacks, keep things off the floor
Really nice kit.Would have gave 5 star except (as noted by other reviewers), these Are Not ATC fuses. They are ATO. Will leave seller feedback on this. Be aware if your requirement demands a sealed fuse. I needed 16ga waterproof inline fuse holders and these fit the bill perfect. The fuse holder cover is nice and pliable and seals great. The fuse supply case is was an unexpected surprise. Unlike most cases that are too large to fit into a glove box, this one is very compact and has every size needed. Happily recommend it.
20 in a pack with 15 LEDs on each strip and only 1 led didn't work. Over time they go bad but for the price it's worth ordering more.
The border on this is quite thick, but you can still read the info on the plate. It feels like printed aluminum or a thin steel. The color isn't very bright or eye-catching, slightly washed out looking. I'll update the review if it ever corrodes or fades, but for now it is 4 stars.
Work great on changing bolt color on doors to match.
Hey its a Toyota part.
Contains all processes screw and clips
1 year and six months after installed, I have two burnt out LED bulbs in the halo. One on each light. One of the head lights blinks in high beam. Otherwise the lights work great. Update! I am on my second set. The first set one of the lights blinked and burnt out it was replaced under warranty. On my second set, some of the LED's on the halo have stopped working.
I got two. Fits my 2019 Jeep Cherokee limited perfectly. Quality is just okay... good enough to protect my leather seats after kayaking. It's really easy to roll and store.
Love the big white dial. Easy to read in low light (usually the case). Love its 100% mechanical, no battery to worry. Who needs 0.1 psi digital accuracy anyway. Only downside: no air deflator valve to release too much pressure. Should be a no-brainer to add it back. Will use the old pen style gauge for that.
I bought this cover to protect the steering wheel on my new car as my car is in the sun often. It feels great!
About 3 times brighter than my old headlamps from the factory. Installed in under 30 minutes with minor issues. Check to make sure the old rubber gasket comes off when you remove the old headlamp bulb and good luck trying to find a place to zip tie the ballast. I ended up zip tying mine to the head lamp wiring assembly to prevent it from just hanging there. You could use a larger zip tie to mount it to the headlight supports but I stuck with the ones provided by Alla Lighting. Overall, way more happy with the amount of visible light and the ease of installation. Time will tell how well the hold up.
The most important thing is prevent fade the dash also looks great!
At last I have a product that doesn't lose its suction from the sun. It's stayed attached to my front window in my hot car. Good product. Good value. I highly recommend.
Looks good feels even better
Great value. Only downside is that there are lots of weird screwdrivers that I will probably never use. I think out of the 69 pieces I only have use for 20. But I knew this before buying and still a great value even if you only end up using half of them.
I received just hardware, no instructions. It took a while but my setup does not look like the picture. The luggage rack is on the outermost layer, the backrest is next, and then the side bars that touch the bike are in the very center and I needed to bend the side bars out to install the nut and screws.
The hoses that go to the heater core were off a little and needed bent back together. Not sure if this happened during shipping or is a design flaw. After bending the metal clips that hold those hoses closer together it worked great.
Just bought 36 Toro walk behind had four grease points haven't greased a mower for years So I bought this grease gun that came with Grease Canister it was kind a messy but I finally figured out how it worked I think it was a good deal for the price
great product and price
It worked great once I bent the push rods in so that it would push down on the ring around the keepers. It wouldn't work until I did that.
Parts missing and they squeal
it does what I bought it for, which was to alter the shift point mapping in my transmission. I didn't notice any gain in mpg
Great product, dont understand why Ford didn't do something similar. Had to do some minor modifications to bracket, cut hole for guide which is an option that I choose to do. The hock pin can be flattened if dont want to cut bracket. Also had to take a little off the release pin bracket, was not allowing the latch to lock. Overall very satisfied.
Product opens and closes as needed. Sounds a little scratchy, but for the price I can live with it.
Studs were the wrong thread pitch, but I got it to work with some shade tree engineering. All said and done it fixed my "catalyst efficiency error".
This application went on a Ford F350. My work trucks have always had full pipe racks. I would not expect this rack to compare with those as this is a segmented (2 piece) set up. I just needed something to carry the odd long piece of lumber or pipe and not have to pay $50 delivery prices for the privilege. The first thing I would recommend is to "through drill" and bolt the pieces together and not rely on the supplied set screws. The set screws will be the first thing to come loose and cause a problem. I will confess that I did build a 48" extension x 18" wide to the front rack. I did this to stabilize 20' lengths of PVC pipe. This was a custom welding job that took me some time. The problem I ran in to was the height of this rack. In the pictures on Amazon, it looks like the rack clears the shown F150 by about 5" of clearance. On my F350, that number shrunk to about 2" of clearance. So, just be aware of this. Hint: To stabilize these racks I added a black ratchet strap between the front and the back portions. This way the racks are supported fore and aft by each other. I was going to bolt a steel flat bar to the two ends, but decided the ratchet strap idea was quick and easy to remove. Hope this helps you out.
Very nice for cheap levers. They fit about as well as the oem levers which means they have a lot of play and feel too wiggly for me. They are nice an easy to use with 1 or 2 fingers and won't touch the ground if the bike tips over.
Did not come with any mounting hardware
It's a good pack but the visor holder is too small for a shoei or icon visor so it barely fits without tearing the holder
Installed in a 2007 Chevy Colorado. It took a couple of cycles after installation for the code to disappear from the instrument cluster, but it did.
Only issue I have is the ratchet button is too easy to move. Sometimes in tight spots it will switch directions on its own
These look super stylish and are easy to put on. First set I got, one was cracked and after a few pics and quick replies from the seller, that issue was fixed. Got the new set on and the only complaint I have is one strip of the two sides tape on each visor has come off the visor one day after installing which isn't exactly what I was wanting.
Excellent. Allows for one person boat loading.
Works good, but it seems a little thin and I am just wondering how long it will last, time will tell. Oh and It drips from the spout as others have stated, but I knew that, so I wiped the excess oil from the pan and the spout and this seemed to help.
This is a great help for me when Im driving in the morning since im short and with this it does makes a difference. The only think I dont like about it is whenever i have to push the visor back up I need to move it side to side or snug it a little to go back up again but other than that it works good .
Pretty good product for the cost! I took apart the end to fit in my grey water tank. Works perfect except water sits in the drain
It does do what it is suppose to, easily connects using the Torque App as described. Only negative is you can't leave it plugged in for extended periods (such as to do logging for diagnosing issues) as it will disconnect from the app and will need to be unplugged and re-plugged in to regain connection.
One of the easiest and best upgrades to my SUV. Easy to install, small but large enough screen, large solar panel with great battery life. Small niggles: instructions too small to read. Bright setting too dim in bright light and dim light too bright at night. Otherwise a great product.
fits nice, rides real good. will see how long it last but for the price cant really be too picky. had luck with other Detroit axle products.
easy to install even if the instruction were not that great fast shipping time and looks and works as it should on my 2018 ram 2500
Product was high quality and exactly as described. Would definitely buy from this seller again. Excellent ship time.
I bought this because my topper wasn't compatible with the wide stock version. As mentioned by other reviewers this cap may not fit perfectly because it is a little too wide, but it worked for me because I have a plastic bed liner and the lip of this cap slides under the bed-liner material that is attached to the tailgate so it all stays attached nicely, otherwise I could see how that back edge could pop off and snag on stuff that you were pulling out of your truck.
Looks correct. Have not installed yet
Great product for the money. Easy installation and looks good. The switch could be of better quality though. Giving 4 starts for lack of wiring instructions, could be a headache for someone that isn't electrically inclined. Overall great product.
good mirror, been use for few months not issue with it, very strong tape.
I like this product, like the shine it gives on my tires, just that when it's windy dirt will really stick onto the tire shine, other than that it's great and works on trim etc.
These were great. One thing I hadn't thought about though was interior color. So hey are a darker grey that the more tan inside of the car, but they do the job.
I am actually a fan of this combo. The wheel cleaner is enough for regular use, maybe not if you are a pro, but if you like to keep your car clean the wheel cleaner works well to loosen up dirt and light brake dust. The tire shine is great for me. Leaves a nice subtle shine without the greasy look. It is thin so I believe it is water based, but holds up well even after a rain shower or two. My favorite part is how easy it is to scrub off with the wheel cleaner and a small wheel brush. If you need industrial strength stuff and gooey or thicker hurricane surviving tire shine, this may not be for you.
Very good but turned yellow on 3.5 hr road trip
Just got it in the mail yesterday so I have not had a chance to use it but let's hope the product is better than the instructions. Obviously it is easy to put together but whoever wrote these instructions clearly is very confused :-)
tried a few other fancy guages but came back to this in the end. Cheap & old fashioned & prob ably not 100% accurate, but for stroller & car tires I don't need to be 100% accurate
Gets the job done easily
Big help reaching most of the windshield. Still some spots it could not get into. I'd still buy it again!
OK price, but not really equivalent in construction to the stock filter. Seems to work OK regardless.
loose on my small 250cc honda rebel. but the included buckle straps are a HUGE plus to make sure it doesn't get blown off the bike in the wind! I used to need to wrap a large bungee cord around the bike in a couple spots to keep my covers from being blown off the bike, specially in storms, this one has held strong for a couple weeks now without any current signs of breaking. this is a CHEAP cover however, don't hold high expectations for longevity of the cover. it's not super thick and will break if continued to be used as I am currently using it!
Work well but could be made a little stronger. has a hard time holding things up
Wide view but pretty heavy, gravity kept on pulling the mirror downwards...
Nice product but doesn't work in my car :(
Awesome that it came in a pack of 10 for $8, way cheaper than autozone or anywhere else but the only thing is that it's not as bright as I hope but it does what it need to do and I'm happy with it.
Good lights, brighter than stock. Adds better look.
Updated Review August 2019 - The seller reached out to me very quickly and kindly sent me a newer replacement of these frames. He also explained the problem with the older version I had: the caps were causing the rust. In the newer version, apparently everything is stainless steel. It was really hard to get some of the old caps off (anti-theft did it's job pretty well) - not sure if it's worth the hassle. Though It's unfortunate I had to replace these, I'm really appreciative of the seller's support and hopeful these new ones hold up longer! Kudos to the seller for wanting to make things right in this situation. ORIGINAL REVIEW - July 2019: I was amazed how badly these rusted during the winter. They lasted a little over a year but didn't expect to replace them so soon. Also, the caps don't seem to stay on too well. Unfortunately I have to agree with other reviews - if you live in the snow, avoid these.
These bulbs are amazing!!!! Made a big difference. I would highly recommend these to anyone. They were very easy to swap out with the old bulbs.
Nice and large but you can collapse a section.
I plasti dipped them to make them match the other parts on my car. The fit on most were fine, but the tape wasn't good. I added 3m tape. The front two doors seemed to fit better but I have a 2018 so who knows if that was it. Overall, after the plastidip I am very pleased with the results
So far so good. Just installed on my 2014 explorer two days ago and the installation was easy, it seems pretty secure, and fit well across from side bar to side bar.
So far so good. Installed easily. Looks good.
The puck that inexplicably mounts below the exhaust (it's extraneous) came slightly damaged, like one edge had been pressed down too hard. Barely visible and overall the other 3 pucks seem to be good quality and the Orange goes nicely with the overall aesthetic
Lights fit well and are clear and bright. Very nice replacement. Retaining nuts are so-so. 3 of 6 nuts would not tighten but only chewed up the post. All were removed and replaced with original nuts which tightened with no problem. Hold onto the old nuts until you are sure the new ones work.
The bulbs are very bright. Installed on a 2010 F-150. Worried they may be too bright. The color looks great, exactly what I wanted cosmetically. Hoping there is a way to adjust the bulbs, as the LED chips face up and down and not horizontal as they should.
Nice charger and tester in one. Works well and has tested correctly
They are good lights but the wireing is another story. If they had better wireing I would have given them five stars.
Very nice cushion for price just really not built for long rides becomes uncomfortable over nice item for price
Fit & looks great on trike
Didn't last as long as I hoped. And this was in summer. Not winter.
bought a used 2005 mini convertible - it was missing the sliding cover on the center armrest. this fit perfectly and looks great.
Did a great job on an antique tooled leather coffee table, will use again
I give it a 3 â­ï¸ cause it came in late other then that love it will be buying again and hopefully this time it will not get lost
Awesome add on. Toyota should include this.
My 2015 Prius V had this annoying beeping that started when the car was put into reverse. It was loud and obnoxious. The funny thing is that the sound is only in the cabin of the car, it's not heard outside the car where it might warn by-standers. Although almost all of the car settings can be changed using the set-up application on the car's multi-function display. However, the reversing beeping was not one of them; this setting had to be changed by a Toyota dealership. I checked with several dealers in the area and they all wanted > $150 to turn off the beep. Astounding! People online pointed me towards the Carista OBD2 unit. They'd all had success with it, so I purchased it. I'm glad that I did. I plugged the Carista in, it connected right up to my iPhone. Inside of about five minutes I had changed the beep from a constant beeping to a single beep (when reverse is engaged). My sanity was saved! The price is right, the function perfect. I like products that work as advertised! The only down-side (of which I was aware when I purchased the Carista) is that you have to make an in-app purchase in order to change the setting I needed to change.
It's a nice set, unfortunately not one was even close to fitting the locking lugs on my jeep. So the search goes on for me.
These pants are terrific. Cool in hot weather and has the padding in the right places. Haven't crashed with them, but sure feel better with them on.
This product looks good Quality Is good
The blades were easy to install and of the original quality (original blades lasted over two years) I would have given 5 stars but notices, unfortunately too late, that the small 14" blade had fallen out when shipping due to poor packaging and a crack in the box... so have to get a 14" blade for $12. Otherwise, very happy.
Covering our electric jack on new camper
Great bag and nice, really cheap strings to tie it down to the bike included. Would have expected leather buckle straps or something would have really made this nice. Was disappointed in the strings.
Looks good. Just not as durable as I thought. My brother seems to like it. Wasn't very expensive, so satisfied.
Nice product, just not as thick of a material as I weather tech or as hard of material. But can buy 3 more set of these compared to them. But overall great value and with a little cutting they fit nicely.
Worked well. Pretty easy to replace. Just dont forget to put the seal on first...
It helps. There are many kinds of pillows out there. Its ur preference and way ur body adjust to them. I do like this pillow
Takes some getting use to .
I purchased this to use on a 78 Vette that I am restoring and from prior past experience with 3M products I chose this. Works great with an electric buffer.
Works well, but is too heavy for my application, which has nothing to do with motorcycles :-)
i get new ones every six months
Just get lowered springs next time. Put your screw driver and hammer away, these work great on my form and function coil overs but what a pain in the ass.
Bright still work after months
This product was super easy to install and mount to my Can-am 570 . I did need two washers to help with the mounting for the bolts but no big deal. Brightness was great and above my expectations. Really glad I bought a wiring harness to complete my installation.
Better than going to dealership. Dirty rats this item is a recall but they try and lubricate instead of replace mine was totally broken and they wanted $300 Very easy to replace
Pricey yes, but that's the company's reputation, kind of like the Apple of car products if you will. It does smell delicious and is great with a foam cannon.
Great addition to my center console. It keeps everything very neat and in order and makes the space much more efficient. I gave it 1 less star because i feel like this should have come standard with the car.
This is a reducer for automotive paint. It is used to thin the paint and also for clean up. In this situation, the product was as promised, but the shipping/packaging left something to be desired. The can of material was put in an oversized box with some puffy plastic air bags. The result was on arrival the can was dented, obviously from being dropped or tossed.
Exactly how I in-visioned the product to turn out the reverse lights are not very bright for LEDs but overall I love the product and will recommend to friends.
Like the size, but Velcro tape does not stick well against the side of console which is plastic.
Thick, protective, high quality. Bought these as a temporary solution to yellow fogs as I wait for a reputable company to make 3000k LED fan cooled bulbs.
U might need two cans if you have average sized rims 18s and up. So you will definitely need two cans to cover all rims and the everything evenly.
Work well but is noisy
This filter offers me 5000 miles of service, works good.
This was the best one of the three I tried for my 1999 F350 Superduty. Still had to add my own screw but could have been that my hood was a little off. This one sits securely
It works fine so far but the text on the buttons are dark gray instead of white. It kinda makes it look more cheap than it already is and it makes it harder to see the text. Other than that, it's pretty good.
I look like less of an asshole then I thought I would with these things on, and they serve me well as riding glasses. Things sometimes get into my eyes, but overall I like them and use them even outside of riding.
I really like this holder, for the following reasons: it's great for a mobile phone (which I had repeatedly 'lost' between the seat and the console); it's great for pens and other long skinny items; and it looks great with the interior of my vehicle which is black with red. I gave it four stars instead of five because it is really small and yet quite pricey.
Only used once and worked as expected. Used to fill transmission thru dipstick. Will bump up 5 stars after the second use.
Great for cars w kids. We use this for trash and the very rare vomitting kid in the back. They close up, covering any unsavory smells until you can find a nice place to stop.
FIt as it should have and makes the window go up and down. However it is a bit slower than the OEM.
I'm happy with these. They do the job.
I needed this to pull error codes from my Civic, which has had a frustratingly random problem that makes the car stall. Was able to use the tool and pull the codes. Was able to do a basic battery test (effective CCA, and Amp) . Not sure how I would save past results, doing a new test seems to erase older results.?
Nice quality. Happy to have this item
Smaller size then expected. Check your measurements carefully.
Go ahead and spray some Liquid Wrench in the mounting holes on your vehicle now. Then spray some more the day before you try to install this hitch, and clean the threads out with a small wire brush as well. I installed this on our 2008 MDX in about 90 minutes, but it would have been half that if the mounting holes had been clean. I honestly thought the bolts were the wrong size for a while because I could not get them started in any of the 8 holes, due to the rust. Finally after spraying a ton of Liquid Wrench and cleaning with a brush, I was able to get them started. I applied some copper anti-size, and still had to really torque on some of them to run them all the way down. Other than that, the install wasn't too bad. I lowered the spare tire, removed the 4 rubber exhaust hanger mounts so it could be lowered and moved side to side a bit, then remove the exhaust heat shield from one side. This left me just enough room to get the hitch in place. It fit pretty snug and the holes lined up. It didn't have to be forced into place or anything. One bolt on each side will most likely require a socket extension to access; the other 3 were pretty easy to get to. The finish hitch looked pretty good. We'll see how it holds up. The rust on my MDX obviously isn't the fault of the hitch manufacturer, but I deducted one star because the packaging was pretty bad. It was just thrown in a cardboard box with almost no padding. One of the mounting plates was actually sticking out of the box when it arrive. But there was no visible damage, so I wasn't too concerned.
Great product,work perfectly but today I noticed one light has water. (steam ) inside. I think one light is defect.
Use sparingly really small for the price, but producer was ok just not enough of it.
The lid could stand to be a little taller. I could not get a good grip. I could not close it completely, with the ease of taking it off.
I've had AVS in channel ventshades in 5 different vehicles now and have been very satisfied. They make a great looking and very functional piece. Only reason I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 is that both purses had scratches on them right out of the package, not bad enough for me to return them but a little bit of a bummer none the less.
They work as they should. The fit isnt great (-1 star) but it isnt really noticeable unless you are the one that put them on. They stick good.
does a good job on my car
No instructions with parts. Have to piece this together like a puzzle.
This paint works really well on brake calipers if you prep them first and then go by the instructions. nice job. check out my photo
good choice to purchased
Like what the other reviewers said the item works, but the rings that are given are difficult to place. I also used zip ties to hold the contraption in place. It's a quick fix, it may take you about 30 minutes to 45 minutes to figure out what to remove (using the video as a guide).
It's a very cute steering wheel cover everyone loved it. But my only problem with it is that I can't see my dashboard
Initially called a truck parts store to install them for me, but wanted $250. Installed in 30 minutes by myself. They look great on my brand new 2019 Tacoma off road. Only bad thing was how it came. Box was beat up on an end.
I liked the covers because I liked the size of the cover it fit well and it does keep water off of your outdoor furniture. They also look nice
Haven't had to use it yet but we feel prepared
It does what it's meant for...It's a jeep quit whining and buy a crossover...!!!!
Seems like good quality. I haven't stuck it under the mini yet, but I was a little disappointed that it didn't have a rubber face on the rounded side. It would have gotten five stars if it did.
The box was broken open when it arrived, fortunately it wasn't damaged.It doesn't come with instructions or hardware, which I didn't know at the time. I thought it fell out of the opened box. The light mounting hardware and instructions comes with the vehicle mounting brackets. The bumper guard is a 5 star guard. I dinged it a star for the light mounting hardware. It's a good concept, there's a slot on the top and bottom of each cross bar, so you can mount lights and accessories anywhere along, any of the four surfaces. The problem is they only supply four bolts, which means one bolt for each of the four mounting surfaces. Contacted DEE ZEE via email to see if I could purchase more and didn't get a response. Finally found that 5/16" square head bolts will work in place of the metric supplied bolts. It's heavy duty and light weight, thanks to it's thick aluminum construction. Almost forgot to mention, it's made in the USA. It said that on the damaged box. That would be front and center, if I were marketing this product.
Fits properly. Works well as a console organizer for 2019 Jeep JL
For my first time window tinting it was a lot easier than the uncut type. All and all it turned out pretty good. Works great. Very high quality tint.
Works great, but on my boat it flattens, I don't think it's made to support much weight.
Very Easy to Handle & Emergency
I bought 2 for Christmas gifts and has been used for low tire pressure and for jumping the car due to cold weather.
Mounted these to the frame rail in lieu of a front hitch then cut some access holes in the damper. Worked out well. Painted them to prevent rust. Thanks to those on the hitch reviews for recommending taking the bumper off for better access.
The lock is great - it works great - the only reason it's not getting 5 stars is because the hardware that came with it was incorrect - and the batteries that came with it were dead. The hardware should have some with long and short screws - mine only came with long. I was able to re-use my short screws from my old lock. I had to order new batteries to make finish the installation. I reached out to the supplier and got no response. If I didn't love the lock so much I would have given a lower rating based solely on what I perceive to be their disinterest in my genuine satisfaction.
I Love this helmet! It has some wind noise but I've owned several Bell helmets and they've all had some wind noise.
They work good but don't last too long still a good value for the money
I know very little about cars but I do know that my Dad excitedly asked for this. I purchased it for what I could tell was a very reasonable price, and it was delivered to him that evening. I can confidently say it works as it should, as he used it as soon as it was delivered and was very pleased. Today, now about a month later, I asked him how it works and he said simply "Works great" You heard it here first, folks.
Helped play in the steering wheel slightly. Adjusting the gears on the gear box worked much better to reduce play. Also bad wheel bearings can cause excessive play in the steering wheel. I broke off a bolt inside the frame where the sway bar attached and had to weld a rivet nut to the frame. Just be aware when installing.
Super bright. Easy to use. I believe the wires should be heavier. But they work fine.
Excellent product..I'm much satisfied!!
Went on our 28ft travel trailer fairly easy with one person on the ground, and one on top of the trailer. Make sure you cover and sharp edges with foam or another soft material before covering or the cover will rip. Small rip already near the stairs but that was because we did not cover it with foam. Haven't owned long enough to tell about durability.
It was easy to adhere to window.
Seems to work. Feels a little flimsy as material is plastic
Looks good but like every other third break light I've put on will need sealed around it but that's to be expected
Look good on my Mustang
The item arrived on time and adequately packaged. Items work as advertised.
The color was was more brown than burgandy.
Product was as described.
Love it, I bought two for the front and back of my Chevy hhr. Looks super cute and the paint on the flowers is still holding up even after a year in all seasons
I got this set, to replace a small number of clips on my 96 subaru legacy. These fit every location, except the rear strut location. So, to detail the locations the clips work, The front brake line to hose location, the front hose to strut location, and rear brake line to brake hose location can all use these clips. They also secure the hoses very well. The metal is kinda on the soft and thin side though, this makes me wonder about longevity, but I have no complaints and not enough time to test this judgment of them.
There were no instructions. Did not work well with my Subaru Outback roof rails. Appears to very well made. Lots of room.
Looks great and well worth money, but shipping took a little longer than I expected but glad when it finally did.
The install was very straight forward and required only a couple of tools. The whole thing only took about 45 minutes. My only hiccup was when installing the buckle clips I had to remove some metal shavings from the pre-drilled holes in order to insert the fitting. This was no big deal at all. There is also a pad between the bulkhead bracket and the cover that needs to have a hole cut into it to accept the bolt through it. Once a gain not a big deal but I didn't see it in the instructions. I've only had it for a week but so far so good.
We haven't used the product enough yet to really critique it but so far we are very happy. We had a problem with our order. It was completely our fault, we accidently double ordered. Mike was really helpful and went out of his way to make sure I was taken care of.
gets really hot under little to no load but still seems to work
A small amount of liquid spilled in to the plastic bag in which the plastic gallon came in, other wise okay.
OEM direct fit parts are always best
great price.. and worked like a charm
Bluetooth range not very far and colors are a little off but great product
seems to be working, ended up having to replace my water pump so I don't know if I really needed it.
i was mad at first cause it fell over a lot,but then i found the velcro and it was alright
Easy to install, works as should
Gave it to my hubby and he loved it! He said it was easy to use and understand.
I do like it very much. One thing though, I wish the plug wasnt so awkward & stiff with a large piece right by the bottom of the bird. It is a nice piece though.
This was very easy to use as long as you have a air compressor big enough to power it.
Would have been five stars - appearance and quality both extremely good. Two minor gripes you should be aware of if considering these - both noted in other reviews. My wife loves heated seats which are not nearly as effective in our Wrangler with these covers on. Other issue is minor shifting / sliding on front seats in particular. Three kids and a golden don't seem to have any problems in the back but both front seats require a little shifting when you settle in. Could just be the way you climb into a Jeep. If you're looking for a summertime cover from the elements - these are perfect. Subtle and sharp.
Good quality and nice looking car mats
Love these floor mats, their perfect!
It fits but tolerances are not to great... weather stripping between factory airbox ans k&n filter box could be thicker. Bought it to hear turbo noises and was not disappointed!
Have not used this particular product but used other J-B Weld in the past for repairs around the house. Bought this because I have 3 older vehicles with lots of plastic and want to be prepared.
Easy installation, great looking addition to the car.
Holds plenty of coins . It is a universal design that won't fit snug in all applications. I did not receive the adhesive pad but was able to make it work.
I would have given this 5 stars, but the instructions are the worst. Must have been written by a 10 year old. Why bother even giving instructions if they are completly useless. Otherwise seems very rugged, clamps down and stays in place.
I think this is a very good product. especially for the price. I used it on my truck and it turned out really good. Highly recommend this product.
Have found no flaws in these mirrors. Installed them on my 2019 ezgo cart.
These were fabulously not bad! As others voiced they didn't have a bad odor which was welcome. Get busy with your scissors and make â€˜em fit!
Have been using product for a week and so it has lived up to its billing. I am very happy with it.
I wish I could find grill with a better design. The plastic clips are gonna break eventually. I live full time in my RV, so I need to clean the filter about every two weeks. These need to be replaced every couple of years. That said, it works as advertised.
Just received and used it yesterday on my wheels. Work as expected. The round thing needed to be a lot bigger to prevent dirty water spray back at you!
They work well but need some sort of indicator which side is the positive lead.
I used this to polish up some old chrome fixtures, it works okay I went to auto parts store and bought some mag polish that worked much better on my particular project and it worked much better but it was also a little more expensive so I guess it just depends on what you need to use it for, but all in all this is a pretty good polish.
Worked as it should .my seats needed a few coats .did not clog but hand got sore from spray nozzle
It's good but you'll need a mask to prevent its stench from killing you.
I've had this in the truck for about a week, so far so good.The engine seems to run smoother and throttle response is better Waiting to see about mpg improvement.Cheaper alternative to the other well known brand.
They work great, I only wish they came with washers like the factory struts had on the bolts. The factory washers are not removable from the oem struts.
I've not used this winch yet but I'm certain I will. It does require a separate mounting plate for install on Polaris ATVs. I had mine installed at a local dealership.
It keeps my leash chewing dog in the back seat. I had to add an extra bungee cord in the middle bottom to stablize it. Otherwise it is only attached to headrests and the dog would be able to squeeze underneath the middle by pulling it back. I put it around the center console and it works perfectly.
Lowered my trans temp on average about 30 degrees. Well worth the investment. However, don't bother with the temp sensor. The second didn't work either. I'm going to run mine off a switch.
Thanks it's works. Help my gas burn more efficiently.
this is good but i think i should have gotten two
This product is of very good quality. the only thing is that you have to cut it into pieces to be able to paste it in the area you want. I used it in my car and it looks beautiful, the only thing that the sun is so strong that it takes off a little. but I love how it looks
I like the availability and the deals available for the products we all use and need every day!! And I'm a Prime Member because of this!!!
Fast and easy to work. With
I have not installed yet
The funnel arrived with the extension connected (requiring a longer box than necessary; go figure). Took me a minute, and a check back at the pic on the product page, to realize the extension's tapered end had been incorrectly inserted into the funnel. Actually there are threads on the funnel and the extension; the latter screws onto the former. The fit is quite tight (once started I need to use pliers to screw it all the way on) and it is a somewhat pliable plastic so be careful you don't damage the threads. But the tightness is a good thing; no leaks at all. Overall a good product once put together properly. :)
Great price, fair quality. Works well.
Seemed nice but lacking compared to these red ones with rope attached that came with a tire spoon kit I got. These the plastic latched nicely the first time and then lost their grip and were plastic ally deformed after the first use. I did end up using them all the way through so they still get the job done but there is better out there.
Fit my low beams perfectly. Had to modify the metal behind in order to fit the 9005 in but otherwise everything was super easy! Vehicle is a 99 Chevrolet S10
Ordered this as a replacement plate cover for our family vehicle. The package arrived on time, and unmarred. While unpackaging, I was pleased that this is a sturdy-feeling plate cover. This feels like it is constructed of a metal, not like it was made from some cheap "chrome" painted plastic. The decals on it appear to actually be a painted metal of similar type, and appear to be firmly affixed to the plate frame blank itself. My standard state license plate fit somewhat well in this frame, mainly because of the plate's construction. There is a bezel that runs around Florida state plates, which causes minor interference with the bottom plate holder tabs. If they were just a hair bigger, it would have fit no problem. Overall, I give this a 4.5 out of 5 upon initial installation. If the plate holder tabs were large enough to more easily accomodate my state's plate design, I would definitely rate 5 out of 5.
Easy to understand and use.
As expected the sound quality is useable but not very good for music. However the sound quality for phone calls is great. I wear an open face helmet with no fairing or windshield and have great conversations at 80 mph. I haven't had the opportunity to test battery life since I usually only travel 45 min each direction to work.
They did fit and work in a 2006 Silverado, contrary to what Amazons vehicle fit said
Look good...fit well...only down side is it slides easily and we have already ripped a few cords that hold it in! Have to sit not slide onto the seat! Otherwise very cute and gives me a Disney feeling everyday!
Very easy to install (youtube instructions better than printed) Went on in less than 20 minutes. Also easy to remove for temporary use. Snug fit, and had no leaks even through tropical storm rains. Gave it four stars because the support rails for the cross bars keep a 5' bed tool box from opening. I had to strap the box down sideways in the bed. Also, while a locking tailgate improves security, the Velcro could be pulled up by the determined thief.
Plate is very well made and light. Only thing was that the screws and caps mentioned in the description were not included.
Great look. Easy install. Made my wj look 10x's better with these one.
I like the size of the mirror and it fits nicely but to me i still cant see my blind spot with these mirrors
Much better value over the Dorman ones. Stronger too. Best adjusters I e found so far. The plastic doesn't come pre-threaded so you'd have to use your old screws with the pointy tips to thread them at least enough to start the new screw in.
Very light weigh, easy to use and excellent price.
Too big for my car windshield
These are great heavy duty liner style floor mats that fit my "new" 2010 Chrysler Town & Country perfectly. The light beige interior was immaculate despite it's age, and with kids & dogs I wanted to ensure I did all I can to keep it that way! I'm pretty sure these will do a fantastic job for a very long time. They fit very well in the car and are not too difficult to move out of the way if you need to stow a seat. The one thing that I have found a bit annoying is that the very back edge of the mat does seem to get in the way of putting the rear seats back into seat position if you had them stowed. It slips back so the seat catch will not engage so you kind of have to fiddle with it a bit... It also seems to hinder the ability for the front center console to slide back. Small price to pay I suppose. I'm thinking I might try grabbing some velcro tape to put on the bottom in the hopes it will catch on the floor carpet and hold in place a little better. so the functionality of the car is not hindered. All in all, I'm happy with this purchase and would recommend. I like that they leave nearly zero exposed carpet, and that the edges are raised up so if something WAS spilled it would hopefully not run off the mat & onto the carpet.
net is great but came with no installation instructions
Nice kit went on very easy and looks good on my wheels
I'm not sure what happend but I had some roughness after drying. I shot four steel wheels with an hvlp gun, three coats, prepped well and applied according to directions. I had pretty high humidity and was Doing decently thick coats to get a good finish just like auto paint. Maybe wait for a dry day to avoid what happened to me. That being said the wheels are holding up great after a few months
Fit my 2000 Buick Century perfect...Works great. Buy it and save yourself some money.
Fits good looks like good quality We Will see how long it lasts in the sun . Over all not bad
When I workout I go hard and it makes me a sweaty mess. I always had to carry a towel with me at the gym. I got one of these and used it as a sweatband. Best. Decision. Ever! No more sweat in my eyes, no more raining all over equipment, and no more stopping all the time to dry surfaces as I'm using them. Love this thing!
It took a little wrestling to make it fit, but not too bad. A good value at this price point.
I ordered set of four Mopar speakers for my JK. Order was received rather quickly but upon opening the box, I found two speakers and not the set of four. So disappointed because weekend has come and I can't update my Jeep. I have contacted seller to try to resolve this matter. Once I receive other two speakers I will change/update my review. Update: Seller sent the two missing speakers. The upgrade was worth it. Speakers are plug and play and sound so much better.
Works as expected so far. Tune in to after the winter storms
I used this product to replace a broken one(original), it is an exact fit and the starter works perfectly
Pricey but still cheaper than what the dealership wants to charge. They wanted me to replace the entire mechanism. It takes longer to watch the video and read the instructions than to actually install the part.
The only problem is you'll find yourself in need of more. It's nice to be able to bring the set of sockets over to where your working.
The product was packaged securely and arrived in new condition with no shipping damages. All advertised contents were in the shipment. The primary wiring harness for the light bar was provided but there was no wiring harness for the spotlights. Purchase of additional wiring for the spotlights is necessary. In addition, electrical wiring connectors and zip ties are needed and not included. Installation took two people about two hours. The pre-drilled mounting bracket holes aligned perfectly. The existing screws were removed and were re-used. The light bar works perfectly and casts a very bright white light. There probably are some differences when compared to more expensive lights. However, this particular light is good quality and provides good value for an affordable price. My only complaint is the wind noise at higher speeds which would likely be the case with any light bar.
Worked ok for an inexpensive wrench
The base metallic purple color is accurate to the picture shown from the test shape. Not entirely opaque so be aware what primer you use it over. I sprayed it over mostly flat black. I had sanded through to the white primer underneath and you can see in the picture how different it looks. I fixed that mistake by re-spraying flat over that edge and reapplying the color over that. I then used candy purple over the base. It didnt seem to change the color much at all. Then i used the pearl purple effect color. Overall very happy but i think i could have skipped the base metallic purple and the candy purple step and got my desired effect with metallic black and the pearl purple effect.
The only thing bad was the paint was not perfect, half of one didn't get painted
This is a nice accessory. I brought it for my sun glasses however it's not really good for them imo. I do like it for other storage. I would purchase again.
It is good product but two of them are not working.
The cover is great and feels nice and smooth, The only downfall is, I ordered a Dark Gray and they sent me a Light Gray. I think their Dark Gray is Light Gray. Don't think they have Dark Gray in their line up.
Great speaker and a really bright light. I wish the speaker went a little louder but overall I'm very satisfied.
I haven't had the opportunity to bring to action yet but we plan on going away in the next week or so but they seemed to be very good quality and durable
Looks great and moat important no error or code on dash. 2015 bmw 328i
Working well so far. Something like a bolt rattling inside, but no problems. Sort of portable.
Great item for the price, it has already save me some money on DIY repairs.
Exact replacement for the OEM part good value and fast delivery
I had to modify the words MARINE'S. I want it to represent me and not all. I like the fact that it shows the rifle and the sword. The top showing RETIRED. The word Marine's, should be made MARINE. So I enjoyed my license plate holder, because everyone that have served with the Marines love the personal touch I made to my plate holder.
Easy to follow directions.
My son was very pleased with the product he bought and the lights were easy to install. The only issue was the 2 lights he installed in the rear wheel area the cords were not long enough to reach the engine compartment so he had to order 2 additional extension cords so they would reach the main box in the engine. Otherwise he was very pleased.
Fits, not easily installed
This mask old work two ways. I bought it for my wife for work and she works at a warehouse and I thought I would be helpful with the dust and things but she said it was like too tight she felt she could t breathe. It's your. Preference
I used to get ones that cost at least $15 more per pair, but these work great. This is the 2nd pair I've purchased - one bulb always seems to blow in late Feb or early March. Not the "daylight" color I prefer, but perfectly adequate on my '09 Honda Fit Sport.
Worked fine for a month , nice and loud seamed like a good buy. Now you can barely hear it. I checked all connections and wires , can't get it to work. Get what you pay for. Would like to get some of my money back or a replacement. Since this review Bluefire was nice enought to send a replacement and quick to, the company is 5 star. I just haven't had the time to install the new one.
Works for what I wanted.
I'm impressed by this product. Better than expected. Nice size for my application. My coworkers are impressed as well.
works good to help protect your doors. it stays where you put it could be bigger.
Only reason I'm not doing 5 stars is that the OEM blade on my car is 12", this is 11" and Amazon says it fits. Yeah, it fits, and frankly a half inch on either side of the swath isn't a big deal, but it/s technically wrong...
Installed in my fourtrax 300 and did amazing about to put in my ear and my new trailer
The packaging was so cute And they sent a free gift. The cover is very soft and I recommend it
Very happy with this item
These are working out great for my vehicle. Big improvment.
Although this pump is smaller it works great for the value. I used it on the farm to spray fence rolls and it can reach over 10 feet of stream. We are very please
They fit like a glove. Easy to install.
All parts came in place works great
Product matched expectations. Good value for the price.
They work perfectly and were so easy to install
Why didn't the manufacturer include this? Very good fit in the Tundra and very useful.
really awesome product that just works flawless!
Fit and works perfect in my 97 ranger
so many tools all in a small easy to use product. very fast service. thank You
Was shipped fast and works great! Using it for a tent air-conditioning unit
So I purchased these for my vehicle my husband installed them and said they were easy to install and a great price compared to the parts store around the corner and they were packaged well and arrived on time. Very happy with the purchase as now I don't get hit in the head every time I open the rear of my suburban, it actually stays up like it supposed too ;)
I love it! Great quality and get lots of compliments.
This case is the right size for my registration, insurance card & other similar documents. It fits nicely on top of the case that keeps all the manuals that came with the car.
Worked wonderfully to clean up our leather seats. Was wondering if anything was Avery going to work and then we found this. Very happy and highly recommend. Wish we had done before and after pictures!
Super easy to install. Sturdy and a nice finish on it. Took 15 mins to install, doesn't stick out like a sore thumb either.
Great amount of product for the price! Easily installed and works great
Bought for smaller bike - excellent value for money! Good fit and finish. You need to be mechanically inclined- drilling, measuring skills are must.
Easy to install and does the job well.
very positive action easy to install
I am a long time Mobil 1 user but switched to this product for my new Jeep because Mobil 1 does not carry a Chrysler oil certification. This Pennzoil product does. That being said, I really like the Pennzoil and will use it in future vehicle even if they aren't from Fiat-Chrysler Corp.
Great lock and fantastic customer service!
Easy install and works great. Installed it several months ago and still no problems. Very nice to let go of the tailgate and not have it slam down!
Product fits perfectly, easy to use, looks and feels great.
It gets in those small spaces
Loved how. Many different patterns the lights have
These plate covers are nice. Was super easy to install. I would definitely buy again
This stopped my daughters jeep bright lights from flickering!
Great quality Amazing features Returned because too big for daughter
Went to You Tube and found how to install the release. Job took me about 15 min.
Fairly easy to install. Is very bright and work great with all weather
It took a little bit to get it adjusted so that it would move when I took the seatbelt off. It's nicer than I expected for the price.
Ive ran 'em for almost 2 years and finally made a review. They're still working great. No suspension parts have needed replaced, and they give good stance. Ove posted some before and after pics with this.
Easy to use and comes with built in battery. Gives a accurate reading of any tire.
The finish is great thread on perfectly and contrast very well to my truck. The price is right too, can't beat that
Good Product fits well
Good product for a good price; I really liked the 2-pack.
Great purchase. Outstanding quality.
Fit great nicely made recommend
Used por 15 on my project car, floors, under the body, the spary cans make it way easier to do touch ups and actually paint a whole parts without dragging out the paint gun, glad it comes in spray cans as well.
Great product. Fits perfectly
Fits perfectly on my Chevy 98 pickup. A/C compressor was not kicking in. Changed it and worked.
i have no complaints what so ever. they work great.
great product for the price, easy installation ðŸ‘ðŸ¼
I needed something to lash down/ tie-down over sized material when transporting stuff. This works well. EZ to use, it is strong, and packs nicely when not needed.
The resistor arrived on time and restored my blower motor to its original operation.
Fits perfect for my 2012 Mini Cooper (this is usually rare when buying something online)! Highly recommend!
Perfect for holding up my tiny house on wheels. I needed to buy a total of 8 to keep the trailer from bowing but the strength and stability are perfect. Not for lifting only for holding. You need to bring your own jack to lift the trailer.
My husband is very happy with it! He can't wait until duck season to use it.
This product is very portable and does the job. I needed one before real winter starts here in chicago.I can carry this air compressor in my car and use it whenever needed. Its a good product to have in your car.
Helped get rid of musty odor from old filter. Works great!
Great sticker. Good quality.
Good quality and not difficult to install. The instructions state to trim close as possible to the graphic as possible. If you don't their are certain places that will cause a problem. IE: around the door licks and mirror
Well made, very easy to apply and very reasonable price. Worked better than more expensive products.
Took about 10 mins to install, and so far so good.. wish it would have came with replacement rivet, but I bought some anyhow.
It made my plain old key fob look classy and expensive. It looks very much like it is part of the key fob and not something I put on. Very happy with this one.
Functions perfectly fine so far. Good quality and arrived on time.
Easy to install. Great price.
Great cover fits perfect
Love it! Perfect almost with good fragrance, concealable and in great quantity for the price.
I love this battery would buy another
Use this in your Honda to protect engine block and water pump from corrosion. Expensive but well worth it in long run.
Good price good fit very pleased
Good price, and working well on my bike.
I really like the softness, I have had others, but these are the best.
Car caught a lot of weight working very well
If you're looking for an inexpensive inverter, this is the one. Comes with battery cables for direct power, or a cigarette lighter connector for using inside vehicle. I drive a 4 cylinder vehicle. I used this inverter to power up a drill, fan and 2 lights without even starting my car. The digital display, informing you the current it's using is very helpful
Cool looking and reflective
Fit exactly as expected, works great. This was a replacement for the OEM seat clip that somehow became separated and lost while cleaning the car seat. No issues at all.
Pretty please. Not cheap plastic at all. I was very surprised when I opened the box. Nice set of bowls.
Love this creeper. I weigh over 325 and it supports me easily. Built like a tank!
I own a '15 Ram quad. These covers are great. They fit very well.and the "duck" material is just what I wanted. I wish a back seat cover would be available for my ram.
These are very good chocks and can be used for small aircraft, cars, other wheeled equipment. The only thing I would caution is to pay attention to the measurements given and actually look at a ruler to make sure the size fits your need. If that size fits your need, they don't make any better than these.
Hardware should be included
This has saved me so much , paid for itself in the first use! delivery was great.
This is the second socket I've bought this size because the first brand wasn't fitting well. This one is good to go.
Loved my organizer, appreciated how meticulous the packaging came.
Only used one of them and it was fine
they are awesome they light up the road so nicely it is like daytime. I wish I would have found them a year ago when I hit a hole in the road I couldn't see and bend one of my wheels, now I can see the hole which is still there thank you California for fixing it.
I will only use Valvoline 5w-30 in my Yaris. It's a win win when I can get it at a great price,I stock up. The price usually increases in spring and summer and drops at mid fall thru winter.
I applied it to my car and it rained the next 2 days. When walking back to it from the store I noticed all the water was beading very well and was virtually dry when I pulled into my garage
These calipers were easy to install and the dual piston units worked very well. My original calipers were not releasing fully. The price was right for new not re manufactured. Very satisfied.
I really like this phone holder! It holds my phone really well and I do not have problems with my phone falling down from it. The magnet is really sturdy and I'm definitely happy with this product.
Excellent cleaner thats not harsh enough to damage aluminum wheels. Cleans rims and tires perfectly.
Perfectly Fit my 2016 Harley Davidson Road Glide Ultra CVO, even with my 14inch handle bars. By far the best cover ever, grips and covers everything.
Fit perfectly. Replaced my OEM cap that the gasket degraded and caused the system to leak. Easy fix. Thanks.
This brush is a snow and ice BEAST! It is, perhaps, the most solidly built brush and scraper, with easy extension and easy rotation of the brush to change its angle relative to the shaft. As it is a new purchase for me, I'll have to update this later in the snow season. And, frankly, I'm hoping that I won't need it again this season. But I am prepared! Fast shipping, and excellent follow-up by the sender. highly recommended.
I had a short some were that was causing my electric windows not to work. Took my car to two different shops both told me that it would cost $100.00 and hour and they couldn't guarentee me that they would be able to find the problem. My short was in a bundle of about 50 small wires so I got a few of false readings but it did lead me in the right direction. I finally figured out that the short was behind the dash. I certainly didn't want to take the dash off but as luck would have it there was enough slack in the shorted wire that I was able to pull it away from what it was shorting to and it has worked every since. If not for this tool I would have never been able to find where the shorted wire was at.
It was just what I expected in works good
Great replacement for my broken one! install was painless and fast!
worked great right part good price
just what I was looking for
Fits well, looks great, no problems, undo ALL the bolts on the car prior to installation and it is easy. Takes about 90 minutes.
Much cheaper to just get this instead of changing for new ones at a third of the price. I'll definitely be going through more than 3 more oil changes, so this was the best move. Didn't notice much performance increase until it was super hot out, my car didn't skip a beat. Keeps engine running cooler
Absolutely perfect fit and great lighting
After restoring the headlights on my wife's Honda Accord I have used this as a sealant. It's been about four months and they still look great. I will redo in a couple of months to last through the winter, but very happy with results so far. Application was easy and removal was just as easy.
Make sure you have all the parts needed. My 2002 road king needed the adapter ring. Install probably took a half hour start to finish. It is going to be interesting to see the difference once it warms up enough to start riding again.
The fit is perfect and installed like a charm. Very satisfied!
only used the spring! but ya it worked could not replace.
Fast install and simple took less than 10 minutes works perfect ... Going to order 4 more Friday....
Great product for the price. I was hesitant to buy online as I wasn't sure if it'd fit. However, it turned out to be a perfect fit.
Works well. Fairly quiet. Quieter than other small compressor I have used.Worked like a charm, he says.
These are perfect for the Fiat 500. They installed in under 5 minutes and look great on the car. Be sure to clean the surface before applying and you will have excellent results.
Easy to use and versatile I really like being able to hang things versus put them on the floor I'm getting some more for hubby and his tools in his work van .
Put these on my truck to replace my fading vinyl stickers. They look awesome and are holding up well!
I am very very happy with the LED lights hi visibility at a low cost
An excellent addition and upgrade to our Nissan Rogue!
Well made. Used to reduce clutter in garage. Quality connections.
This is a good product, as you can see i. images i had lost quite a bit of luster on my trunk due to a mistake i was worried i will have to spend 100's in fixing it and i eventually found this water looks like water but is super good and brings back the shine back to the car. I will recommend either for protective shield on your car or patch up the scratched surface. Good product at good price. Follow the instructions or you will not see the impact.
Excellent hose, worth every Penny!
I cant find these in the store, so I purchased online, 19 bucks for chocolate filled marshmallows is super excessive but I will say, we roasted them over the fire and they were amazing
Bought for the cargo of my 4Runner. Fit perfectly.
Part fit nice and it works..
These fit well and are very easy to wipe out. Good investment for new car.
Put these in my car and I love them! The built in resistor works perfectly and they blink very nicely. Fit great and they are really really bright.
This is exactly what I needed to park easily in my garage
Perfect fitment and as good or better than oem
I really like this lights !!!
Great at organizing. Nice cooler features to keep frozen items cool until we get home.
Perfect fit and far better choice than the 10 times more expensive OEM version.
NICE, SMALL, EASY TO READ AND CARRY.
The u shaped connector on the end is smaller than the original and had a hard time fitting on but otherwise this is a good part for 2000 Buick Century.
Must Have To Analyst Your Car To Why Your CHECK ENGINE LIGHT IS ON
I love it. I use it for about 8 hours a day at work and it has helped tremendously. My legs used to tingle and go to sleep before I bought this cushion. Well worth the money I paid for it. Going to buy one for my car next.
I have used it for about 3 weeks. The image is in good quality and quite convenient to use. I give it 5 stars and strongly recommended.
excellent tolls for the job
Fit perfectly on my 2006 Honda Civic Si. Checked engine light is now off.
Beautiful color. Well-made. Excellent fabrics/materials. Fits the steering wheel nice and tight...it won't slip.
Beautiful & Amazing for just less than $20.
Worked great , bolted right one.
Easy to install. Super bright. Used these on the front of my daughter's truck and and the back of my truck. I would definitely recommend them!!!
Used on my 2018 Tucson Sport and they are a perfect fit
How simple is this product?!!! Is like a pair of socks. Slips over the window frame easily. Allows me to roll the window down fully and give the dog an impression of a barrier. This has helped me so much with air circulation for my dog should I leave him in the car. I recommend this product!
I was pulled over 4X in 30 days for having my tag lights out. Every time I looked, they were on but dim. I installed this and fixed the issue.
Honestly I expected this lanyard to have a rougher feeling to it, but the texture is actually really smooth and silky. It feels good in your hands and looks good with the bold graphics. If you're a fan of Bride racing and JDM accessories, this is perfect for the typical JDM fanboy XD
I really like this hitch pin lock it comes with two different size hitch pins to allow for use with multiple types of trucks. The keys and the locking mechanism feel like they are well built and the cover sticks over the keyhole quite well keeping it sealed and the elements out.
Fast shipment and easy to install. I don't have any mechanic experience and even have my friend install the back off camera for my car last year. My friend is out of town for his business trip and I have to install it by myself and I did it just in 30 minutes!!! It worth my dollars and quality is good over my expectation. I am still exploring all the features of this new car radio (sorry I am not a very high tech person) but so far it meets all my needs and functioned very well for me. Quick and easy to connect with my smartphone.
This kept my hands cozy in the harsh Nebraska winter. Definitely worth it! I hate gloves so this was awesome and did the job.
works really well. Big enough for my suburban window, keeps the frost and ice off.
Before removing the old gas cap, I test fitted this one. Right away I could tell it was far better made than the original. Its ratchet mechanism was tighter and it was very simple to attach to cap lanyard to the gas cap door. I am sure I will not be seeing any pesky loose gas cap messages and lights on my console for some time.
Cute cute cute! Everyone loves them!
Like the way it fit perfectly on the bike. Used when towing bike cross country
Great product great price
covers the crack in the dash
These work very well, at any price. I had forgot how my hood was to work under. Shipped quick and worked right
Great product. Even better customer service. They were very helpful in answering my questions. Really quick response. Very impressed!!
I leave a 4 stars 4 mileage because I am not sure down the road; after I installed it, I don't smell or breath anything out of ordinary. I can update after 10 to 25,000 miles.
can't be beat for the money
Exactly as shown, decent quality
It was a gift for a friend and he absolutely loves it. Perfect for beaches cookouts etc
The ramps didn't slip when we went to level our RV. And no damage to the ramps after our first use. (approximate weight on each ramp was 1500 pounds. Well under the max rated load.) We tried the yellow blocks with the same load from another store and they were damaged to the point of being almost useless after one use.
Easy to put on if you follow instructions
Fit great!!! I had glued my stock one on a few times after I saw Ford wanted to sell me the whole shifter cover but it kept coming off. Found this and am very happy that it's fixed for a tenth of what the dealer wanted.
Worked for my Ford Fusion 2010 very well.
the product is very good and same item you will get in the picture
Super quick and easy to install.
Very easy install. Fit perfectly on my 2003 F250. Greaseable is a nice upgrade from stock.
The item came as described. I like that it came with (non-rust) license plate screws too. I would recommend.
great fit, came just as described
Replaced a set of Viking trumpets these are twice as loud
Love this product. You can use them anytime for anything, trust me. You can clean any part of the car you normally can't reach and it's as soft as it's supposed to. I really like this product. Recommended.
Just like OEM, only better, as these appear to be zinc coated on rust prone parts.
Exactly what I needed for 1/2 the price as Fords kit
Look like they came from the dealer!
It fit just right. Looks great. Love it
A little pricey for just a strip of webbed strapping. Not heavy duty, so I don't expect it to last very long. It will do for the short-term.
This is a two piece windshield covering. I thought it was one piece. But regardless it is good quality and a great product for the money. The colors a little less vibrant in person, but still look nice. Overall, I'm very pleased.
worked really well, looks like new and it's cheap!
Great air pump was able to reinflate my trailer tires in under 15 minutes applying air to 4 different tires.
These spacers are a great economic way to get some ride height. They are made very durable and I can't imagine ever having trouble with them in the future. Only thing bad I can say about them is they are not a gloss finish and a different shade of blue. Strictly a visual complaint. They also do not say Supreme Suspensions on the side. But like I said, great product, great price, and easy install.
seems like good quality and works fine
Works great on a 212 pulls very good
Easy and affordable upgrade to my 2008 honda odyssey for interior map lights. The installation took all of 2 minutes and increased the light. I'd highly recommend this for anyone .Very close to how it looks in the middle of the day except it's night time. No more looking for things or squinting to see things with the map lights. Great product.
Good product easy to install. Very bright
I am a mechanic and they great working on wiring connectors
It is useful for my car because my car will run out of battery when I forgot turning off the lamps. It can be used to recharge the car. Also, it can be used for an emergency engine when the power is off.
Perfect fit and easy to install. What more can you ask?
Great tool for car care.
Stuff worked great. Used the whole bottle, and couldn't get a great look at the evaporator but there was plenty of junk that came out of the drain when I was finished. No more mold smell, product didn't have a harsh smell, and I had a marked improvement in the amount of cooling that my 14 year old Jeep was able to make. I plan to use this at least once a year if not every 6 months.
Great deal for bolt on control arms. Been working great for a few months, couldn't be happier.
Great to keep for emergency
Perfect for my vehicle storage needs, and no slip bottom makes it a lot easier driving around without it sliding back and forth like my old container. Strongly recommend it.
Great Matt fits perfect in my 2018 Tacoma Double Cab very thick good quality
HAVE MINE OUTSIDE BUT PROTECTED AND IT HAS BEEN WORKING GREAT FOR A FEW MONTHS NOW
Put this on a 2009 Ford Fusion SE V6 and it matched the original perfectly and worked. What can I say, it's a PCV valve; either it works or it doesn't.
Fits perfect, my old door edge was in bad condition and glue was coming off,Bought the clear door edge guard for my new subaru. Went on like a charm. Just hold a length against the door, cut, push it onto the door, pulling the tape covering the adhesive as you go. Plenty to do all four doors. It is almost invisible.
Exactly as described!
For the money this is a nice quality light bar . It's very bright and sturdy.
Product was as good as advertised.
very bright. works great. came with one bad led though but the other 9 works great.
Used to remove dents from appliances
Worked great! No more check engine light!
Very good and love this product!
Very nice!!! Lightweight and stylish. Love the product and highly recommend this.
Good quality, feels solid
Great for reattaching trim to my car. Just make sure it's a clean dry surface
I just got a new car and after spending so much on a car I wanted a good cover to protect it from the harsh winter as I don't have a garage to park it in it. This cover was deff the answer. It is super easy to put on and it folds up nicely. It also drys super quick which is nice as I like to fold it up and put it away when I drive instead of having to wait for it to dry. would reccomend
I've heard horror stories of ordering these sensors online. What it boils down to is how smart your car is or not. I think these are just cloned sensors so if your car is like mine and doesn't know the difference between left and right, front and back, and just gives you a TPMS light then these will work great. I don't think they'll work if your car is newer and gives you a pressure readout for each specific tire.
They don't ship to the screwed up state of california
My customized plate was just what I ordered. I am very happy
This product fit my car seat perfectly. It is very useful during summer time as it ventilates cool air. It also has massage effect which helps resolving the fatigue from long day drive. Love it!
Mine came black. Would've rather had the grey.
We had it on our other Ford Edge but it got total some guy ran a red light. Our car got totaled My husband wan't going to order them again but he knows I really like them. . So once again he order it.Third time so far....
This was very easy to install and the compact design works well to be ready but not overly intrusive when not in use. I'm using it to rack a hat when I don't have a jacket hanging on it. Unfolds easily for hanging everything. Only improvement would be a way to store the pant hanger on the unit. I currently have it in a door pocket when I'm not using it.
Exactly what was expected and great price. Fast shipping too.
Needed help cooling the fridge
Raised rear of Blazer to compensate for sagging springs.
Did what it was suppose to do.
Used this remote filter mount on my parts washer, mounted to the right front leg, works perfect, and A Very Good Price
Fit my 2017 Toyota Tacoma access cab with 6ft bed.
I feel the good quality using it to our car and furnitures. Polished really good no sign of scratches. I wash ut after cleaning and let it dry and use it again. Generally , it works very well.
MY HUSBAND LOVES TO WASH HIS CAR. HE SPEND SO MUCH MONEY AT THE CARWASH (THATS HOW MUCH HE GOES) I DECIDED TO BUY THIS CARWASH WASH CLEANING KIT. MY FRIEND RECOMMENED THIS KIT TO ME. HE LOVES IT. ITS SO EASY TO CLEAN THE DASHBOARD WITH THE DUSTER. I EVEN USE IS SOMETIMES. EVERYTHING IS SO EASY TO YOU. EVERYTHING THAT HE NEEDS IS IN THIS KIT. NOW INSTEAD OF GOING TO THE CAR WASH WE WASH THE CARS AT HOME. HE IS SO HAPPY THAT I BOUGHT IT FOR HIM. ITS AMAZING.
Easy to install and they look great.
Nice, bright replacements for incandescent overhead lights in the car. They work great and are much brighter than the original lamps in my car. Do note, they will only work one way, so if they don't work when you put them in, turn the leads around.
Haven't fully put them on my vehicle but from what I've seen they look and feel like good quality pieces
Exactly what I was looking for! I reviewed several tow hook hitch receivers for my Tacoma, and this was my ultimate decision. Was not disappointed one bit and would highly recommend to anyone who is on the fence about purchasing this product.
Simple. Easy to use. Well made for the price!
4th Curt hitch. Love them.
Very easy to install, saved me over $200. Replacement spring assembly's cost over $300 for both side.
This cover fits my 2009 Honda Accord perfectly & still contains room. I was concerned about it being flimsy or not staying on during a wind storm. Neither is true. Made of durable material & stayed on during a heavy wind storm. Highly recommended.
Works just as expected for an OEM part. It took about 15 minutes to swap out.
I used this on a Toyota Tacoma. It fit well and was fairly easy to install. I disliked that I had to buy a split fitting to control both bags with one air fill line.
I like it very much. Fast shipping and very affordable part!
Great ride. Still rides like a ford thi
Took me some time to figure out how to operate visors. Small manual referred to illustrations that were not there. But so much helmet for the money!
Showed up as promised and was less than 1/3rd of the local auto part store.
Keep them in our vehicles for emergencies.
Easy install. Lights are bright, and seems to be a great quality product.
This is a fantastic piece everything lines up perfect, powdercoat is nice! Highly recommended!
Took the old broken one off put this on no new drilling.
Best item and you get five for your Jeep.
It took me forever to get this thing on my steering wheel. It's better if you have two people with one person pulling on each side to get it to cover the wheel. But once it gets on it works like a charm! I love it!
I thought this would be cheap junk given the price. But it is not. I love it. Well made. I downloaded OBD Fusion and it works great! I wish I had this device like five years ago. It would have saved a lot of headaches. My FAVORITE part though is the bluetooth connection. I listen to a lot of podcasts because the radio has too many ads. With this device I jump in the car and it automatically detects and connects. I just turn on the radio and press play on my phone and voila! I have a podcast playing through my speakers. Very happy with this.
Solid looking product, just haven't had to use it yet. Carabiners are much more rugged than I expected and will have no problem holding the cargo net in place.
This sending unit works great... I've had it for years and used it on a couple different vehicles ... It has performed beautifully on my Monster truck... and just as good on my low rider tuner car...
These switches work fine and feel really solid.
Outstanding superior grade filter and very easy to install. Saved a bundle by doing it myself compared to the dealer.
I just used it for the first time. Tires were low because of frigid weather. It was easy to use and worked great. Really nice to inflate tires in the safety of my garage
The mirrors are very good and fit nicely, however installation is very challenging due to the difficult location of the bolts and nuts. Also the instructions are a pathetic excuse and virtually unusable. Find a YouTube video to see how to actually mount the mirrors. K
Well made, fast shipping. Everything I need for working with glass. Excellent product.
Easy to install I got the straining filter and the accumulator and it was easy to assemble and install the only thing I wish I had known was that they came with the adapter fittings.
Bought these for higher visibility and they do just that. Easy to install and if you look directly at them they hurt your eyes.
Works really great I'd buy another one if I ever had trouble with this one
Quality product that adds the small detail to a well detailed car. Buy a couple of pairs, unfortunately other people like them too and will replace them for you on your car! Good problem to have since it's well like but frustrating
Arrived on time but 1 piece was damaged during shipping. Replacement was sent quickly after providing pictures of damage. Very happy with the product. Looks great on my car and I love being able to keep my windows open while it's raining.
MUCH BETTER than the Chinese version. SOLID PLATFORM; SECURE FITTING WHEELS
This small vacuum cleaner is really powerful enough to clean the dirt / food particles in car. Cleans well even in the small gaps between seats. The long pipe accessory makes it easy to clean below seats. This works well even without the car engine off in my crossover. And the long cable helps clean inside as well as outside the car. The filter is easy to remove and clean. A must have item.
Perfect! Exactly as described. Easy to install.
Very good product nice heavy build good price will buy again
Love these I'm my little cream and black Mini. Helps locate my car in parking lots, which can be a challenge when surrounded by big SUV's
Just what I needed and works great!
works good after 6 months and way cheaper than autoparts store
Great product! Easy to install.
Removes stains with ease. I had a few stains in my back seat and they came right off.
I really like this tiny little tray. It goes over the top of the big "bin" in the center console and makes a nice spot for random things.
Product looks great installing this weekend have also got anybody interested in a pair
These are the best leather saddlebags I've owned. The inner shells are sturdy. The crossover flaps under the lids are great. They hold their shape very well. The throw over strap for under your passenger seat is great. Highly recommend.
The product installed easy, and seems to work fine.
Fit well and works great
Fast and Easy to install !!!
I'm in florida so I've been using this to keep the seats from getting so hot. It's been working like a charm!
never got to use them no comment
I purchased 2 keys. The fist blank was ruined by a rookie tech. I went to a different locksmith and he did a great job. Make sure they have experience.
Worked as described , my 2006 Winnebago Itasca headlights were all yellow , now they look like I just replaced them. I would use this product again.
Love this item. It fits on the visor without blocking the view, and doesn't cause the visor to be hard to move about. Further, it holds enough tissues that they aren't all gone in five minutes. That being said, it doesn't hold a ton of tissues and you will have to raid your home tissue boxes and stuff some more in after a while. BTW this does NOT get in the way of the makeup mirror on the back of my visor. The clamps are just to the side of the mirror. Pretty cool.
Good price and quality
Once you figure out how to use it, it's really reliable.
I didn't know what to expect getting these. But I can say they are a big step up from oem halogens. I replaced my 2009 Hyundai accents headlights with these and wow what a difference. I used to hate the yellow hue of Halogen bulbs. These have a great white color and are extremely bright. I'm sure u can find better ones but you will have to spend a lot more money
good quality for the price lisle products have a niche
I liked the first one I purchased so much, I bought another for our upper deck.
The quality was surprisingly good. Gave this to a coworker for Christmas and she put this on her keychain and it still seems to be in good shape.
Very high quality material. I bought this for hubby's car. It is nice and functional without being an embarrassing addition to a man's car. I plan to buy another for myself.
I love it; helps keep my console mostly clutter free. :)
Nicely built product that doesn't effect the ride, went in pretty easy and looks good
Love it!! Super easy and looks new still even after our brutal Minnesota winter!!
Perfect fit arrived in time
Dislike nothing and like price
It was very exciting that I received the correct part AND that it only took about 30 minutes to replace AND it works! I'm glad I settled on the Amazon option. There were cheaper options online, but the cheaper options had terrible reviews. I went with Amazon in case I needed to return, which thankfully I did not have to do.
fit good/works good/price ok
I hacked the heck out of the bracket and welded on another piece to make a custom mount for my Ham Radio faceplate. Install fit and finish were fantastic.
I absolutely love these! I've never installed something like this before. It took me a little longer than it prob would have taken most men, because I didn't think the directions were quite clear so I had to do some thinking on it but I'm proud of myself.
Nice quality plastic, but the one I recieved had more square corners and would not work inside the camco vent cover.
Amazingly bright to match the LED trim lights on my 2014 GMC. Each bulb has a tiny fan to keep it cool.
Worked and fit like factory
Works great in my car. However, wish it had an interchangeable charging cord in addition to the car lighter cord, but not a deal breaker. Has worked well thus far. Not experienced any noise as noted by some. It only had the noisy fan go on once, but I had sat in my car with the power turned on for 2 hours not realizing the time and killed my car battery.
Good quality product.
Very satisfied!! It's great to buy quality American made products!!!
I bought two keys and two remotes and they worked like a charm and where ship fast it's a lot cheaper than the dealership!!! thank you
Rebuild kit arrived on time and everything fit. Quality product
Looks great on the Jeep!
Always liked Castrol and this one on came handy when I had to change the oil in my old, old car.
I owned an auto repair shop for 41 years and Moog is a top of the line product.
The quality is better than my old one.
Have used for 1 month now for extended periods with no problems. Bought 2 more since a great value.
I have an Odyssey battery in a vw buggy that's over 20 years old. Still starts and holds its charge perfectly. This one is for our motorhome. I won't buy any other brand!
Don't need this anymore, but glad to report that my son's learning period went through without incident. I am in a good mood today, so I am happy to attribute it to these decals :-)
Fit my 2008 Pontiac g6. Wheel was vibrating on braking and now is smooth. Saved me hundreds of dollars installing myself.
Perfect fit for my Airstream Classic. Easy install if you have access to the pipe.
Used it the first day after putting it in my car. Boy was I glad to have it. Worked perfectly.
Really like the added touch that these liners give to the interior of my '18 Forester. These are well made and everything fit well and I had an extra piece left over as my armrest console tray has a coin holder rather than a flat surface. The red trim even helped to add a touch of visibility to the bottom console in the dash. Before adding the liner, it was a black hole and I couldn't even tell that my phone was in there. :)
Well I didn't know how big or small was the inverter, and actually i wasn't sure if that little thing was gonna work and what a surprise it works for what I needed to, I'm happy with the outcome and thanks. Friends out there go ahead and get it you will be happy to have one too
Gets the job done. Work as described. You beat them with hammers... so cheaper the better. They won't last forever
Look and worked great.
Firstly I have a pioneer audio in my vehicle, with a built in amplifier. This thing pushes out enough juice to make my stereo sound 10x better. Treble and bass are perfect, and it plays Bluetooth audio off my phone even if the phone is in the trunk. Additionally the unit looks great. The touch screen is very responsive and the video quality is good. My kids love watching movies during trips and enjoy the sound quality off it. All in all this unit comes at less then half the price of other units and provides great quality to the customer. I am thoroughly satisfied.
Works as advertised...I just wish the fuel filtering process was a bit faster.
Exactly as described. Fit perfect.
No more visits to car washer. Worth every cent.
Max Thrust is the only air filters I buy, they fit perfectly just like a OEM part.. I noticed immediately the difference in how my 4runner was driving. With the increased gas mileage, and the gas I'm saving it's definitely important to replace your air filters on your car often.. Max Thrust is an amazing product that never ceases to amaze me.
The EzyShade provides full coverage for the Honda Civic windshield. It is easy to put in place and to fold up and store. A great value.
This is by far the best wash mitt I've ever picked up. Don't know how long this will last but it's so soft and holds a lot of water.
Had for a while now, gotta say they're pretty bright and so far haven't had an issue with the exception of the high beam capability,the high beams are pretty much useless
I broke my originals replacing the hose. Bought these from Amazon. Look identical to the original. Fit perfect in the hood.
A great price for a great set of vehicle assistance items - value for your money. This kit includes everything you could ever need. Hopefully, it will never be truly needed but well worth the peace of mind. The jumper cables are high quality, there is a multi-tool that has a ton of uses and a bright safety vest and great first aid contents. Overall, excellent value and highly recommended!
This tire inflator is so compact and easy to carry! When I received it I couldn't wait to use it. It's so easy to use I didn't even have to read the instructions, and inflates so fast I was so happy!!!!!!! I had a larger, heavier, bulkier inflator that took so long to inflate I hated it. If this continues to work with no problem, I will be so happy!!!!!!!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT!!!!
I liked the price very good value. I haven't had a chance to use them yet but they seem to be well made and sturdy.
Works. Also protects my seat when the toddler kicks it !
Awesome tool for my motorcycle
Perfect, and very cost effective
Got these for our in-law's Honda. My father-in-law didn't have any issues installing them, and they look very nice. The finished has not faded. Good product.
Item came as ordered, it's perfect
Looks great on my 2000 Chevy Silverado 1500 Extended Cab. Put them on and was an instant upgrade that a lot of people noticed! Cant go wrong!
This mirror was a perfect fit for the Chevy S10 pickup truck. The installation took about 30 minutes with a helper. A replacement from GM would have cost about three times as much.
my parts arrived in perfect condition and before the promised time.
Nice and snug without having to stretch too tight. They work really well and keep the sun and heat off my kids when they're in the back of the car. It's also nice to still be able to put the windows down knowing nothings going to fly in. These also prevent the wind rushing in when the windows are open but still allow air in.
Bulbs are very easy to install. They do get a little hot if left on too long, but most light bulbs do anyway. Definitely worth the money.
We needed something badly to keep our Rhodesian Lady in the back. This does is nicely and was easy to install. Thank you!
Perfect for my needs siting at the dinning table
arrive quick love this to
Great quality and easy to install.
Good quality, easy to install and my daughter liked it.
Great decals easy to install and stick to the hood of our golf cart very well
Very nice. Plenty bright and easy to install
This machine contains abundant functions. It reads and clears the diagnostic trouble codes, reads data stream and freeze frame data, which is really helpful for daily basic use because these are the functions car owners use most. What's more, this code reader features a one-click I/M readiness hot key to provides users with quicker and better way to read the I/M readiness status. It's really a code reader worked as advertised.
They sent wrong item
Worked on my 2001 Jeep Cherokee.
Did a great job restoring 12 year old fiberglass window frames. Brought the oxidized finish back to looking brand new. Saved the cost of having the window frames re-painted.
Looks awesome!!! Changed the whole look of the truck!!!
Awesome LEDs. Great quality lights that can be used for several places on your vehicle which is always a nice plus. Alot brighter than stock lights. I needed brighter lights everywhere on my car because my windows are so dark its almost impossible to see at night without lights like these. I highly recommend these and other products from this seller. A+
Fixed my car door. Was a little different than the original(like markings), but this must be revised.
Saved my buttocks. Ty ty. Sucks that the other two aside from the m10 fix are worthless to me, maybe down the road. Tested and fixed on aluminum block, can't say a thing about the drill bit working on cast iron(Goodluck with that one)
Looks great fit perfectly
Just as I thought they would be
Good product, quality is good for the price.
Needed new work great
We have a car that we need to leave outside. We get plenty of dust and some rain and snow this time of year. This isn't a permanent scenario, so I wanted a relatively inexpensive solution. This cover was a great fit for our Mazda3 sedan. I love that it includes mirror pockets, complete with reflective tape on the mirrors and at the four corners of the car. The real bonus were ties on the edges that were designed to tie to the spokes of the wheels. This keeps the cover on the car, even with wind. Front and back have elastic, so pull to underneath those areas. Great cover. Highly recommend it for a short term option. I'm only expecting a few months of durability from it, at this price point.
Very heavy duty locks,well made,extra locking pin for added security,
Exactly what I was looking for, the size and design was perfect.
Easy to install and perfect match.
Arrived fast and is of good quality
Love the way they look on my truck
Works very well. Bought a 10' piece of 6â€ PVC pipe and screwed on the caps. A quick seal of silicone and it was good to go. Fits 10' pieces of conduit perfectly. The hardest part was mourning it on the ladder rack but that had nothing to do with the product itself.
Great windshield cover for snow or ice! I live in a state where it frequently gets cold and icey overnight. It was such a hassle always having to warm up my car and scrape ice off my windshield for 6-10 minutes before heading to class (making me late twice). I love this windshield cover because it's convenient, prevents ice from forming on my windshield, and saves me time. It is also so much cheaper alternative than buying an automatic starter for my car! I also like how this is theft proof so I don't have to worry about my cover getting stolen. Overall would recommend if you live in a cold state that ices or snows a lot!
Works great so far. The previous one (purchased by different seller on Amazon in 2016) of same manufacturer worked for a few months and then stopped.
I bought this for my husband for our Accord key fob. It's very well made and works great. I highly recommend this key fob holder.
Fit my 1991 Chevy S-10 perfectly and the chrome looks much better than the old painted ones.
got my order on time, I was happy because it was just like the Item shown online
Plenty of space. Heavy duty plastic, looks like it's sealed quite well & won't break too soon. The top where the hanger is looks to be reinforced with a stronger plastic. The two came nice and flat. I'll have to order more for my grandparents
This is a great product and helps me greatly put my trailer hitch with stabilizers in a place that's out of the way. The only thing I would suggest is put the size drill bit to use. I went to small the first time and it caused me some angst getting the bolt in place. Other than that it's a great idea and product.
Added to my 2017 JK so that I could meet the requirements of an offroad event. Perfect fit. Easy to use.
The diverter valve looks so clean I put gloves on just to unbox it haha seriously it looks great and came with upgraded springs and hardware. Can not beat this product for the price
It is a good product. Made a few adjustments to get the perfect fit, but the windshield itself is perfect.
Nice flexible insert with a lip to keep spills inside it.
Seems to work pretty well. Can is very large (ie heavy). Doesn't work as well with paper towels as it does with microfiber cloths.
Works well and is cute. Lol
I really loved these mats they fit perfect and protect the car!
You can't beat the price. It works very well.
well built, fits my IR quick release!
Absolutely love this Air Compressor. Good quality
Got my fridge fixed. This one has the reset button bilt on.
The suction cups to hold the sides up is a great idea. It fits nice and looks like it will work good to keep the cargo area clean.
Good price and easy to install, is resistent
Perfect fit - Easy to install. Installed them into my 2014 Silverado High Beams. From the time I opened the box to stepping back to see how awesome they looked was less than 15 minutes. Simple installation - Just like the OEM bulbs (Only better.)
They cover all the writing on the truck that has previous information on it.
I have two honda accord and this help me to keep my car cool. Thank!!!!
Fits perfeclty in my 2002 525i BMW . It looks like it was made with the car. Good quality plastic.
Worked good to replace some 194 bulbs. Brighter than the regular bulb.
nice n thick, only need about a quarter size to wash 1-2 vehicles. Leaves them nice n shiny and has a nice smell to it.
Very well made and thought out piece. Worked great and got me out of a jam! Amazing customer support also.
It was great...until someone stole it off my car loo
I bought this glue gun because I was looking for something a tad bit larger than mini glue guns. It heats up well and it came with several long glue sticks. I love that it came with a couple of black glue sticks which I've never seen before. I am very happy with this purchase.
This product is great. It comes with two different straps depending on if you have a luggage rack or not.
I purchased this item to use on my weather enclosure attached to my snowblower/tractor. Although the clamps provided were not quite small enough for the tubing I had it attached to, I was able to make it work. Found the quality of the product to be acceptable for the installation I had.
Great quality and a perfect fit in my 2008 smart, these are awesome.
Hood struts work great with plenty of power.
Gotta have it if you want to wire your lights.... nice and easy, installed in less than 15 minutes.
Worked first time right out of the box!
Easy installation. I wasn't trying to rush it, but only took a couple hours to put it in. Works Great and just love it.
The item was a perfect for my 09 Prius and installation was easy. All the plates fit perfectly like the OEMs. Product looks to be premium quality, but time will tell.
everything great. as it should be. thanks
Fits well, however the only thing to note is that the arrows are pointing to the direction of the air flow, not which side is 'up'
It is what it's supposed to be, for a fair price. Been needing a box for a long time, but getting foam sealer on my hands was the final straw.
very easy to install
I like the kindness shown to me with the timely delivery and product is good quality. Thank you good sellers.
Nice luxurious feel to my bland stock steering wheel. Would definitely buy again for other vehicles
Great value and product. Made a difference!
Absolutely great product at a great price. High quality and performance in an easy to use product
I've never been so satisfied with a wiper blade purchase. You go to your Audi MMI and just put it in windshield wiper service mode Push the tab and just swap the blades - Literally 2 min job to get them swapped. I plan on buying this set again once these blades wear down.
I have 2012 dodge grand caravan the rubber part on my fob was torn i ordered the shell took the rubber part out put it in mine it worked perfectly!
Works great and fit.
It's very hot in Arizona. This can help me to check the tired pressure mostly is due to the big temperature difference for night and day time during the day is easy to be 110 F in the night will be 80F can make sure my tire is safe
This little compressor really has power. I was looking for something to keep in the trunk that ensures you can always pump up a car tire. This thing is pretty small for what it can do. It is easy to operate and if you know the tire pressure you need, you set it and turn it on and it shuts off when that psi is reached. The cords are long enough and the case it comes in was an added bonus that I wasn't expecting (I may have missed that in the description). We plan to use it to blow up pool floats as well since it has the little attachments for those or for balls. Very happy with this purchase for a great price.
Excellent packaging. . .fast shipping.
I was surprised, I knew this kit would come with plenty of items but until I opened the kit I didn't realize how many cover Buttons you could use or how well everything was packed for ease. Open what you need and reseal the rest you don't. It came with everything I would need including a measuring tape and that was definitely convenient. This was worth getting for anyone who needs a little fixing up in their car.
This tire air pump is very fast, it only takes 3-5 minutes to fill my car. I especially like its auto stop function. I only need to set the pressure value I want to achieve. He is also very small. Portable, easy to use, very satisfied with this shopping
For many years here in Florida I have parked my riding mower in the winter season and when the time comes to start mowing the gas has turned and the carb is gunked up, etc. I've run "Sta-Bil" and had the same results, spoiled gas. Last season I switched to the Star Tron and low and behold today I went out and the mower fired right up, I did not even add any fresh gas I just started it with the gas that was in there from last season! I am sold on this, it is now going in all my equipment especially my mower and my generator. This is by far the best gas treatment I have ever used!
Where eye protection, I had the cleaner come off the brush while scrubbing and had some cleaner get in my eye. But as far as cleaning this brush is a beast!
Worked well on a set of 18 year old headlights
Great part ! Cheaper than the part store. OEM part as well great.
Very convenient for hanging bags or other items so that they don't slide in transit.
Neat little bag to hang on yhe back of the seat. Also it will hold so much and with 2 kids and alot of travel that will come in handy
The cleanest my wheels have ever looked.
Love it!! Came in a week early too!
Noticeable upgrade to improve slop in steering. In my case I had a worn pitman and idler, but it was going to take 2 weeks for parts to arrive. I got this shipped in 2 days via prime and installed it to help the slop until the other parts arrived, and it worked well for that purpose.
Now I'm go to go. Replaced all old lights to these LED's couldn't ask for brighter and better lights!! :-}
This was a great buy. It was $65 at the parts store. Got it put on, getting much better gas mileage. Getting the other one now to replace it.
I bought my expedition with both front wheel bearings needing to be replaced. I didn't want to spend a few hundred dollars each just yet, so I thought I was give this a shot. I installed it in November 2018, I will update this review if anything fails.
As described. Work flawlessly.
Brought this for my boyfriends car. I was actually expecting it to be less sturdy but to my surprise it seemed to be a great quality and the red seems brighter than what I was expected. Cant wait to see what it looks like on his car
Easy to spray on and wash off, had tons of dust and it took it all off without any scrubbing
I like it! My daughter installed this unit in an hour. Would have been quicker but we drank coffee during the assembly
Fast shipment and easy to install.
Looks great although color is a little darker on one.
very nice bright lights
Received these door bags for our 2017 Polaris RZR 900s promptly! They fit perfectly and easy to install.
Great buy fir the money. Why would i spend $250 on an ac delco pump when the pumps in these nbs chevy trucks go bad so often. $50 for the pump, sending unit, the pressure sensor and new wiring and a warranty . Cant really go wrong there. I will say, fuel pressure is still a little lower than factory, but its well within operation range. Was an easy install and anyone can do it with just a few basic hand tools . Seller was quick to ship and got it to me on a sunday. Would definately buy again
This camera is very discreet small but very effective when it comes to road rage and accidents. This camera will even help you to become a better driver, and a safer driver. Awesome playback video. I love it. I highly recommend it.
It did it job. No problems yet.
Perfect original equipment filters at a super price.Don't settle for anything but! Other Made in China is crap and won't fit right.
Best car wash out there.
This is very helpful for me. I used to travel with my husband before, and I have to sit back seat and watch the baby. Now I use the mirror to be very clear. I don't have to sit in the back row.
OEM Denso part..... Don't waste your time buying the cheaper so-called exact replacement sensor....The difference between this sensor and the cheaper ones is .....This part uses a "wideband" range and the cheaper sensors use a "narrow band" range.... Honda's need the wideband range to read and operate properly.... Sensor came shipped on time and in the Denso OEM packaging. ðŸ‘
The description was spot on and the fit was good. I like them in my car.
They work and so far do a great job. Thanks
Great product lights work well. Had a minor issue with one set being noisy but they were prompt to send replacement. Great product with great customer support
Works great. Would definitely buy again. I used the RainX kit for my f150, and it worked well for the flat headlights, but I liked this kit a lot more for the headlights on my G37. The foam sandpaper holder bends with the shape of the headlights very well and using a drill to buff at the end is much easier than doing it by hand.
Perfect product. There's nothing to hate. Easy to install. It saves energy. Bright.
For support to those who serve the line.
Replaced the old one that threw a code. This new one is not only cheaper but fixed the issue.
GREAT PRICE AND GREAT PRODUCT.... I WILL CONTINUE TO BUY THESE IN THE FUTURE!
Loads up fast and very smooth data logging
Only bad thing was that it was missing one gasket, other than that great product over all
Super excited to put on my car.
Works great! My boyfriend used it to clean my sisters headlights and you can definitely see the difference in the picture. This was only after one clean. Her headlights were bad so he'll have to do it again but we were impressed with first results.
This will definitely take that old stock ugly look away. Darken it up some . best i personally believe ! Easy to install ans perfect fitment for the upgrade of lights you need one of these
Looks great- arrived on time
This product is amazing! I used it all over my interior- hard plastics, vinyl, steering wheel, etc. It leaves the perfect clean look you're looking for without the sticky shine most products leave behind. It smells great as well! Easy to use and highly recommended!
Installed and works as great!
Worked great. Good size for cleaning calipers
This was a great fit and easy installation, I bough a piece of steel at LOWES and the rest is history. You do need two people for installation.
Used to condition an old chair and couch. Soaked in fast and revitalized the leather.
Bought it, It was delivered, Bolted it on, It works.
love it so far this winter - no scraping of ice in the cold mornings before work!
These LEDs are awesome. For the price I dont think you can beat it. Plenty bright, easy plug and play. Wire harness is plenty long. Even comes with a kill switch so it wont drain the battery. I'll be buying again for my grom.
So far so good. Swapped out original tail light bulb with the LED bulb and works great. Definitely brighter. I feel a little safer riding my road king around. I didn't have any issues with the cover breaking around the LED's.
I haven't installed the spacers yet but the quality appears to be top notched
Watch the online video on how to replace blades. Once I did, it was easy and fast.
This is AMAZING. It is magic...seriously. We will never buy anything else.
Had it on for 2 months so far and its great
Came as advertised. easy to install
This is the only car trash bag that I could find that sits on the hump in the back floor without tipping over. It has a ribbed bottom which keeps it from sliding off . Most bags hang over the front seat headrest which is difficult to access.
Perfect! Just as described
Arrived quickly and was easy to install. It is heavy duty and looks great. Very satisfied with this purchase!!
I'm not sure my poor overloaded hitch rack would have made the long trip without this stabilizer. I tightened it twice over 5000 miles and it raised the rack each time. A very bumpy trip in places, it held and did the job. Very pleased with strength and stability.
Should fit a little tighter
works great! ice cold AC
The seat covers are great for the price. No problems at all.
Easy to install, looks great.
Ilike the protective case comes with it very easy to store and keep organized when needed. For the price it is deffinately worth it and is not cheap materials very strong. Iuse it for my 2001 Yamaha r6 to break my old 530 chain and sprockets to a driven performance 520 conversion kit and worked great. Also instructions were very easy to follow
I've used the k&n oil filters for a dozen oil changes and they work just as good as the rest of em and for a better price. Not only that but the red color makes you feel like you're putting something very special in. It comes with 2 different kinds of seals for 2 different style housings. So make sure you put on the right one! I tried using the other style, just to see if it would get a tighter fitment.. NOPE. Oil will escape through the cap hardcore. Take my word for it. Use the same style o-ring that came off the housing cap!
Fit my 11 gmc canyon great. Quick and easy to install.
Impressed with packing and quality
Easy install. But started to get wavy
Easy installation, looks great. Product arrived 1 day early even
These lights look really good, they're bright and really stylish with easy to plugs to install in the factory harness
Fits well in my 2014 Honda crv.
Works great. Very bright and a good price.
OEM keys worked perfectly. Recommend!
Purchased these pads because originals made lots of dust on shinny wheels, these eliminated the dust, no noise and have good stopping power, came on time, would buy again
Great product, we absolutely love the quality
Customer service is fantastic!
I don't know what I expected, but it wasn't a decal.
I really like the super brightness they produce, 100% better than the stock bulbs, very easy to install in my GMC Envoy
Worth the money! Shines tires better than anything I've ever used!
Works like a champ. Good deal
Fast shipping. Easy to install. Great product.
Love this product! It is just the right size an has an elastic strap so that you can hang it anywhere you want. So much better than having trash in my cup holders :)
Badass is all I need to say. I'll order one for the wife's Rav4
lost my keys to my four wheeler order a replacement switch tried the new keys in my old switch they worked so I never even had to change the switch , great supprise
Direct replacement. Ac delco box but says made in China. Was really hoping not but ...
Good product - just like factory original.
Great for polishing.
Worked well with the ARB awning.would buy again!
No noticeable difference and is a deterrent to casually removing the ball.
These seem to be nice but haven't owned them long.
Very bright does need adapters to mount on VW Jetta housing. No light errors on dash . Nice upgrade. Glad I did it
This is awesome. Super strong, goes on easily, and you can see everything. It actually does get rid of blind spots!! Super satisfied!
What a great deal this is. Everything needed in one package, quite an assortment. No worries with this seller or the products. I will purchase from again when needing more pads.
My son rocked these stickers in his guitar!
These work great for storing our kid's toys, and snacks
worked great easy kit
One light showed up damaged company shipped out replacement same day that is amazing customer service
This will not stick where the picture shows you. But it is absolutely perfect for between the seat and center console I put my phone in there while I drive. Easy to clean and really catches crumbs.
Perfect at the right price..
Awesome product for the price. Had another brand last year that I ended up returning to the home center. Was skeptical when I purchased this one because of its low price but am happy to say I was pleasantly surprised. It's was very quick and very easy to install and is much sturdier than the previous one I had. Would highly recommend this rack especially for anyone that doesn't need something permanent or likes to take it off and on depending on their need
It was used but didn't have any damage. All the other auto parts store are selling it for $50 to $60 dollars.
Great deal and value
Easy to install. looks nice on the truck. Getting and out is just fun!.
Greatest thing invented since man created cheese! ðŸ‘
Quick delivery, well built. Put in the car and works great. 2nd alternator I have purchased from them.
Item looks good on car. Easy to install
Perfect fit on 2008 mustang v6. Definitely brought it back to stock/new ride height in front.
Love this for my car! Since a great buy!
I use them for dirt biking. Comfortable easy to adjust
Installed on my 2018 Toyota Tacoma per instructions! Works great, looks great, and NO vibrations!
Second time ordering this - great product!
Product is excellent! Fits just like OE.
Very good strong vacuum! Price was very reasonable and all the extra attachments were very useful. I have a midsize car and was able to reach the trunk with the cord. Very easy to use and easy to clean.
Excellent deal. Parts fit perfect. Well worth the money
Great product. Easy assembly. Perfect for my sportsman 570. I also had a question/ concern and received top notch customer service from the God Choice team!
looks and fits and does what it's supposed to
As fate would have 1 day after I put the spare in my Jeep. As I was driving to work my warning light came on, my tire had a nail and was going flat. Having this spare tire kit made things simple and quick. Wish I had brought it when it was much cheaper. Nice investment
Great versatile helmet. I often keep the clear shield up to let air in. Others compliment on it. Good for anyone who wears glasses. I don't have to take my glasses off to put it on and I can lift the whole front in order to talk to someone without a struggle. Modular helmets are the way to go.
I'm extremely happy with this purchase. It is a sturdy telescoping rod and easy to install.
just what was advertised
Super bright! Had them on my 2016 Camry & used them for my current vehicle (2018 Camry!
These work GREAT! Got one for my car and one for my wife's. They are bright, but not so bright that oncoming traffic flashes their lights at me (which was the case with some other brands). They do interfere with the radio slightly, but only when in lower coverage areas. I don't notice it most of the time.
Great buy from Amazon
Great - all went well
If you don't have a vent cover get one ! I bought the black ones for my camper because I didn't want the sun waking me up any earlier than I wanted to . I have white covers on my enclosed trailer . I learned the hard way on my enclosed when the vent rotted out from the sun and I didn't realize it until after the summer rains had set it . Easy install with basic tools and a drill . Well made product
Fits perfect on back of headrest and blends right into car
The product itself is fine, but the install is a bitch! But that's Chevy's fault
I bought this as a gift for my husband and he loves it!!! He's had it for two weeks and it's saved us numerous trips to the auto store. The scans are very detailed and go through every system in real time. It has helped us diagnose our car as well as a couple friends, too. This easily gets 5+ stars!
Durable and easy to see even on tinted windows. My favorite thing is driving around D.C. with it, draws comments from the sheep.
Fits perfect on my 05 Nissan Altima 2.5 . Install it, and cranked right up first try . Will buy again in the future
They fit and look beautiful. Even came it a dandy little box.
Clips are inexpensive and exact replacements for the Lexus clips. Good buy!!
Fits very nicely thanks
Look great. Easy to install
Perfect fit on her Mustang. The trunk lid had been hitting the wife in the head for almost a year.... I was accused of finding humor in that. She threatened to withhold baked goods unless I fixed the trunk lift prop rods. These fit just like the factory OEM supports and they work great. I sorta miss watching out the window as the trunk lid dropped.... anticipating the moment of impact..... and the loud string of obscenities that followed. All good things must come to an end....
Fits the can, screws down and seals.
These bulbs are bright but don't give that nasty blinding glare to oncoming vehicles .
I was super skeptical about buy this since the price was low I wasn't sure of the quality but don't let it fool you. This thing puts out a deep sound (if you have a resonator) not annoying or loud at all. Had it welded on at a local muffler shop, needed some extra pipe added so I spent about 50$ for all the cutting and welding but I'm really happy, sounds and looks nice.
This is a great unit for those late October early November soccer games. Really throws off heat and if you have batteries in for the powered fan it is even better. Everyone wants to be near the heater now. Love it.
I really like the auto-off feature. It gave me time to do other things around the garage while not having to worry about over inflating the tires.
My wife just purchased a very clean 2014 Honda CR-V and it was in excellent condition. We opted to install these seat covers because we have a high-energy French Bull Dog and wanted to protect the existing cloth seats. They installed wonderfully. They did require some careful fitting and the removal of the head rests and the driver arm rest to assure a custom fit. The elastic straps and metal hooks also required some engineering, but they are holding very securely now and the seat covers look really great in the SUV. The seat covers, themselves, are nicely made and compliment the vehicle.
Great fit and easy to install. No issues yet.
I bought this to add a little flare to my vehicle. It was very easy to install via the cigarette port and I like how there are so many color options. It also has the option to make the light brighter or dimmer to your liking.
They hold the wheels on ðŸ¤·ðŸ»â€â™‚ï¸ Not much else to say
Easy to install as long as you have proper tools
Really Good Quality Very Easy to install. Better right before removing all 3m tape cover just try on to make sure you will place it right because without pate cover it will be very hard to move) Will update my review in few week if some scratches shows up but looks like material and color of paint will hide id ) Very Very Very satisfied!
Using the 87 octane for mileage tune I am able to get 17.5 to 18 mpg on my 2008 4 door Rubicon. Before the tune I was getting 15.5 to 16 at best.
Excellent release to use with braided lines on Salmon
I bought a Joe Rocket bike jacket with safety padding for $200 and it has less back protection. I can bend and stretch without interference. Adjustable straps help with the fit.
Very strong and sharp looking.
Love it! Such a cool reminder that God is greater. So far has stayed on through a violent car wash, wind, rain, and lovely obnoxious spring pollen.
worked great direct replacement
Works like a charm. I'm glad I didn't waste my time trying to get exhaust isolators off without this tool.
Like this product. Seems very good quality and suspect it will perform well for years. No complaints
Love it, gives my Jeep the attitude I was looking for
Well constructed steel from Rugged Ridge, had a pair on my JK also, but these are made better for the JL. I didn't use the provided cheap bolts, I reused the OEM bolts, the bolts they come with are trash.
If you want a deep vacuum you better use this not a cheap imitation
Nice price for a new OEM part. One bolt removal, unplug old Switch, plug in new switch. It was that easy and solved my problem.
These are very nice, makes me feel like a real biker dude! HaHa. Anywho they fit my palms as expected but are to short in the fingers but that is a common problem for me so I then ordered the extra large to get the finger lengths correct. For about 30 bucks I'm impressed with the quality. Made in Pakistan.
Exactly the part i was looking for fit perfectly into a 1993 toyota 4runner 3.0 v6
Great solution to keep the car clean. I have 2 little kids, and when we drive in the car, their snacks usually leave a lot of mess in the car. Not anymore. With this trash can, which size is just perfect, we can get all garbage collected to the basket. It comes with a pocket to store trash bags, which is very convenient, and this way when the bag is full, there is always a replacement bag available. Also, the product comes with a set of bags to start with. Very simple to install - just hang it over the passenger seat, and that's it! This trash can made out of very good quality and I'm very glad to have this solution for my car now. Highly recommended
The lift arms were an exact fit, installed very easily, and seemed to be of the same quality as original. After a few weeks of use, they are still functioning as they should. No complaints.
This is a super bright LED trailer light, very installer friendly and can be used on either side. I use on all my Seadoo and landscape trailers.
I recommend it. I bought 4 pieces
great products,superb price
Great voltage with lights off, good with lights on. Keeps battery well charged. No issues with starting since installation.
Best oil to use for your bmw m5
not bad for the price.
Outstanding product and easy to install. Very bright white light, a great look for my car.
Light weight and so easy to install. really like it.
Over the years, our '02 Explorer hood lift supports became weaker to the point a slight wind would close the hood. Bought these (bargain priced) supports. They really do the trick. I believe they offer more "lift" then the OEM ones did new.
Another great product with good looks and easy installation.
Looks good in my truck
Works just like the original just not the same price! Payed $100 for one at batteries and bulbs. And this looks, works, and feels like the original not a cheap knockoff.
Still holding the door panel on so they must work pretty good
Perfect fit for my application to replace a button that was sticking.
Good quality replacement hose at a reasonable price
Makes parking so easy in tight garage spaces
Nice quality. Expecting to use these for years to come.
Worked as advertised!! All Good
These are amazing! Super easy to use and level the travel trailer. Look no further, get these!
Glad to get my product. Very happy now. All problems have been satisfactorily resolved. Thank You Amazon and State Warehouse for prompt and courteous service.
Took 5 minutes to install. Work outs slowly with a flat head. Beware, your OEM has a retention clip, so remove the old one just far enought to detent the clip, which is on the passenger side. Clip to new one, slide in amd test, easy job.
its working very good with my car. its also recomended by my car dealer.
Works perfect with my 2010 Jeep Commander Sport 3.7l , also the rear window opens !!
Plugged and play didn't have to calibrate went together easy shipped early
Its pretty nice for the price.....
This works good if you take the rubber ring off and move it forward to the next notch on the edge or indention it fits nice and snug and won't fall off
I found out after I received the battery that it was not needed.I tried to return but Amazon has a no return policy on batteries.
I thought it was bigger patch
Love it, have had these in the past, this one seems to be better quality. So far nothing is flaking off and I like the elastic corners.
Great price on these original Toyota mats. Made my old interior feel near new again!
Great product great value to complaints even my friends love then saves you money on a tint and keeps the public from seeing your every move I kept two and gave two to a friend she loves them lol.
Saved me a lot of $$$$
Love looks great on my truck!
Looks great and works well.
I really like it and fast shipping
LEDs are bright, a little difficult to install in a 05 Chevy Silverado, installed them as front corner/turn signals, make sure you push the led all the way in the socket or else's it won't fit in the housing, but other then that they look great
Good product and shipped quickly
Great, works perfect
Fast shipping and it looks great.
Easy to install and they look great
Ok I was skeptical, but for the price I tried it. I am not disappointed. They are much nicer than expected. Thick and are deep to catch water, mud, etc.. The grooves are wide enough that small rocks don't get caught up in them. That makes it easier to clean. The only con I can say is they ate not as sturdy as they look, so not sure how long it will last. Even with that, I definitely recommend these mats.
Bought for my bro as a Christmas present & he loves it. Great item, price & shipping. Will definitely be buying more from this company.
Great aftermarket alternative. Much less than OEM and appears to be sane quality
These are fantastic! They hold the belt where it belongs. No more choking or boob squish.
Very strong and durable. Also looks awesome with my new tow hitch.
I had read some reviews where some customers complained that their carrier did not hold up and shredded or came apart so I was a bit concerned BUT we had to have something and so I figured we would give it a shot. For the first hour or two, we drove only about 65 mph. By the end of the trip, we were going the typical 75 mph. We didn't have a single problem! The carrier held up great! It was very spacious and held more than I thought it would. Five women going out of town for a week meant we had A LOT of luggage. We never would have made it otherwise. I would HIGHLY recommend this product.
Have not used it yet but is as described.
This product worked out perfect on my 03 Chevy Silverado 4 x 4
This product was very cost-effective and incredibly easy to use. The different steps on each ramp allowed me to fine tune the leveling process to bring the RV right on level. I would highly recommend this product
Order for my 2005 Kia spectra perfect fit only took about 30 minutes to replace, I am now getting my 36 mpg back.
Same paint as if you would bought from the dealership. One end is the paint the other is the sealer.
Cheaper than the dealer And I work for one
Premium quality. OEM genuine Toyota muffler tip made a huge difference in the look of my truck
100 % quality product works in my car.
Very sturdy. No wiggle. This is an extension to bring a platform out past the tailgate to help my dog get in the bed of the truck. Works great. He's not afraid. The platform doesn't sway or wiggle at all.
Easy to install. Wife actually installed the plates.
I cleaned my car with them and clay is really really necessary for a good waxing. It will get very dirty even if you think your paint was cleaned. I brought lots of small particles and dirt. And blue color is better than the yellow one.
Just like the OEM part.
Worked perfect, very sturdy.
These were a great upgrade. Great value.
holding strong, THANKS!
Fit the car as needed. Haven't had any issues with it so far.
Come on....how can you go wrong with original AC Delco parts. They always work great.
I was having an issue where my black tank showed 3/4 full all the time. I use the softener products anytime we are camping (about once a month we take the trailer out), but still had the issue. I used this product and afterwards my gauges were working properly. Will use again if the issue comes back.
Got a deal for 6.99 and grabbed it. Pretty good one seems to be working
As described and arrived on time.
Used to tie our Tracker to a trailer that we pull behind our motorhome. Worked great! Love the clip hooks on the ends.
Worked just fine and got my fix engine light to go off... If using for a Colorado you can save BIG money by getting the hummer part (for the actual vapor canister) instead and use the old plastic tubing. Youtube how to.
fit well, good price
looks great installed
Item as described fast shipping A+
Haven't needed to use yet but look to be good quality.
This mirror was exactly what I was looking for. Very thin and when mounted appears to be molded into the regular mirror.
so happy with this product
Loved these but the FORD dealership forgot to put 2 back on after oil change......so make sure you keep up with them!
I found this item as described....easy application and removal. It seems to last, but I have reapplied. Great Stuff.
Very absorbent good towel. Highly recommend ðŸ‘ðŸ¾
I love that all I have to do it take out my hooks, then the fabric rolls up easily with the awning! Super convenient!
I needed a replacement mirror. The product was delivered on time. And, is of good quality.
They look nice, and most importantly they have stayed on. I would recommend them.
Great tools for the price
This thing is awesome! I had some troubles with my previous compressor and decided to buy a portable one -- this came in a cool portable case and came with a bunch of different pieces. Was able to quickly fill up my daughters bicycle tire with air and do clean out the inside of my computer (was filled with dust). Had low tire pressure -- took care of it as well. Compressors are really handy when they are around! Enjoying having this around. Was surprised by how heavy it felt -- definitely felt like a great value. Happy with this and think this is a must-have for most! Loving the built-in flash-light!
Excellent quality, watch the video they recommend if you don't know what you're doing. If you install it correctly it looks awesome!
Seat covers fit well when following directions.
Bought a set of 4 of these to replace the gigantic ugly stock ones on my 1985 Honda Rebel 250. These were a breeze to install and are much brighter than the oem's. Only issue I had was all four would flash but I just had to disconnect the indicator bulb on the instrument cluster and now they all work great. I did use an adjustable turn signal relay with these, even with the relay the resistance is too low to keep the indicator bulb in the circuit. I hear you can add a diode to fix it and keep the indicator but I don't mind, the orange tip is visible from the riding position so it's really easy to see your signals are on.
I have three tag trailers with three different tongue heights, so this works perfect for me.
Much brighter than the original incandescent. It's bright enough to maybe make you lose your night vision when you close the door or turn it off. Not necessarily a bad thing, but...
Have it on my classroom bulletin and I love it!
Great product thanks
This cover totally covers my 2012 Polaris rzr 900 xp 2 seater tires and all to the ground. It is a little big but I don't mind at all. Be sure to mark the front or the back after properly installing. Its easy to install sideways or backward. I used blue duct tape on the front as a reference. Helps a lot!
Fits my MINI perfectly. Good quality, not flimsy like most sunshades. Folds very nicely, well made. Recommended
Working fine - everything fit and was relatively easy to install
Fast delivery, reasonable price & looks quality.
very heavy great quality
Pretty good for the price wish it was a little wider but happy
nice very bright white light
I've used Wagner Brake products for many years and they keep making quality parts. I bought these rear shoes for my 2011 Chevy truck and they were an exact match to the originals. I installed them, adjusted them, and went out for a test drive and they worked great. I then went on a forty-eight hundred mile trip thru the north-western US and they worked perfectly. I've tried some cheaper brand brake pads/shoes a few times in the past, with sub-par results, and I have always gone back to Wagner products. In some cases good or bad brakes can be the difference between life and death and that's why I'll always use the best.
Fast shipping and do the job. They can be taken on and off without leaving adhesive on your device. Since I have way more than I need, i also use them on bright led lights that light up my bedroom at night. Very low key and non intrusive.
Perfect fit. Good quality. Stopping better. Now need new lines and to flush the fluid.
exact fit and works great
Great product for an amazing price
It can blow up the tires in a short time, more faster than other portable tire inflators. Otherwise, it has a bright led light, so It is convenient to blow up the tires in the dark environment. Work great!
First of all, I would highly recommend buying the matching seat covers to go along with these skull floor mats! I bought these, along with the matching skull seat covers for my husbands birthday, and he absolutely loved them. He's a skull fanatic! They're very well made. Fast shipping.
These are just what I have been looking for to add an extra temp switch to an aluminum crossover on my 1998 Ford F-150.
They are excellent replacement bulbs for our Class C RV and don't put out as much heat as the stock bulbs....
We use this for our 13' Scamp camper. We have an A/C unit on top along with the TV antenna. No problems fitting over that. A little long, but straps underneath for a good fit. Has a few small tears after 3 months of use but still works fine. One person can put on with a ladder but it's easier if you've got two people.
This is perfect to charge my scooter battery.
They fit and haven't fallen off but the do turn the others dont
I would say that I like it. The vacuum pick up very good . All the attached work very well with the vacuum. It come with extra filter . It also come with a portable bag and it all fit in the bag.. I would rate it at A+++++++. Also good to vaccum the vechile to clean it out
It's Honda what more can you ask for. Good product
Thanks!!! I got it so quickly!!
Fit the hood of my 2006 Mazda 3 great. Only shame was that I actually meant to order the rear emblem!
Works great, I believe the bad reviews were from people who aren't aware this is for the water pump/alternator side. Fit my 1994 BMW 525i M50 as it should and holds great tension on the belt. Replaced the hydraulic tensioner it had before, would recommend!
Fits and functions as described
Made my Honda ATV run like it was new.
This light set was a great deal! The mounting kit that came with the lights was straightforward and easy to use, and the lights work great for the additional backup lights on my car that I wanted. Sometimes inexpensive things are frustrating, but with these lights, I'm not disappointed in the least. They're great!
I love this thing. I use the tire inflator all the time, and the vacuum too. Works off car outlet, outlet power cord is very very long. Comes with inflator pin and vacuum accessories. Has enough suction to clean up my jeep floor Well built, sturdy plastic, has a removable plastic cup to catch the dirt in. It has a tire inflation gauge.Well worth the money.
These shackles are heavy duty, and they look awesome! Great price, and they are made in the USA!
Product as described.
very nice.. buy them now
Fit as expected & good for the price!
cheap and easy to install
Works fine. I ordered a round hole got the D hole but I was able to make it work.
Easy install great produce! Great customer service! Fast response time from customer service! Work really well! I would recommend to anyone needing a backup camera!
I have used this on my boat either to give it a quick wipe down before heading out or after giving it a wash to get rid of water spots. I was very skeptical as most wash and wax products don't do either well. I have been surprised at how water beads up on my boat after using this product. It does a great job of protecting the fiberglass, plastics, metal, and even the windows. I still use the Meguiars vinyl cleaner on my seats and woody wax on metal and electric connections. While the water beading and durability have been good (especially if applied while the boat is dry) I find the shine is a little lacking. It's a great product that is easy to use.
I like this product because it is tailored for my model of car. Easy to use and read.
WOW! I need more light on my quad and came across these and decided to give them a try because they are Diecast aluminum and not cheap plastic, after they arrived I was shocked with the excellent quality and workmanship, these lights are built to last. Unfortunately I tore a rotator cup in my shoulder and haven't been able to mount them and will update when I get them installed. I plan on buying more and use them as backup lights on my truck.
Good quality wire. Didn't feel cheap.
One coil failed, and these fixed the wife's car. Cheaper than taking it to a dealer. The old coils were set aside incase she had another die on her.
Replaced this in my 2005 Cobalt after the previous one was beginning to break. Found a video on YouTube and made the replacement in under 30 minutes.
Lost the original. This works perfect...
Works great! Just follow instructions exactly. Seller responded within a few hours for information.
Orderd again due to great satisfaction with the first one
Lift pads are well made and go on easy. Makes lifting the car much faster and easier.
An absolute must have for RV owners. Good selection and convenient case. Very happy with purchase.
Works good fits like oem, did not have problems installing.
They worked great on my Hyundai Veloster 2013 light up my whole car interior, didn't have trouble installing and I've had almost a month and no burns out or the brightness going low its still very bright
Product fit on a 67 Ford was perfect! Take that you siphoning neighbor.
perfect fit, perfect price-definitely recommended
Great starter, works like it supposed to! Love it!
excellent fit and quality.
THESE BULBS REPLACED THE ORIGINAL ONES. 3 TIMES AS BRIGHT.
Received as advertised, no issues with it.
This is a gift and i am confident it is what she wants.
Feels better than OEM.
Amazon even has them fitting my car & they don't. I don't blame vendor. I blame Amazon for always getting it wrong.
Superbright LED light for a very cool look on your car! Well-built. The rubber surround and backing is a bit thick but provides the necessary heat shielding for these high brightness lights. (Beware: Other similar yellow-strip bright lights do not have appropriate rubber insulation, and will burn your car paint because of the high heat when these are on). I mounted these LED strips on top of my headlamp plastic assembly, and drilling tiny holes through the edges of the rubber strip mount to fasten them with the provided screws (see pictures). This will ensure that they will stay on if/when the glue backing begins to give, even after many car washes, etc.
These are no frills, protective sleeves and serve that purpose just fine. They're a bit more stiff than other silicone fob sleeves I've had, but I like that. Should keep my fob looking good and free of scratches and grime.
This is the best thing you can get lol super loud and I have it hooked up to my 4runner real quick
The air filter cleaning set works great. The cleaning spray would be better with a hand trigger instead of the thumb mechanism. The aerosol Spray is easy to use and goes on evenly. Will definetely buy more.
Fit my 2015 Dodge 2500 perfect. Took minutes to put in. Looks like it came with the vehicle. Seems to be good quality. Worth the money.
Great price and no issues so far. Still polished and have gone through a tire rotation.
Genuine honda part, works great.
I like the size and weight, but I haven't used it enough to really know how it will perform. The real test will be when I pull it out to jump start the car and find out if it has enough power to start the car after the item has been sitting in the trunk for some time. If I need it and it fails me, I will update this review.
Exactly what I ordered
It works great for my use. I use it to suck water out of toilet at cabin for the winter.
Looks better than the ones on Model 3 performance model. Took some time to install though.
The parts came on time. It fit exactly as they say. Still working fine today. Highly recommend for your Toyota.
A nice improvement over stock.
Very nice cover, much better quality than the smittybuilt as well it covers the whole bed much better.
Put this in my car and bring it everywhere with me. Use it for camping and other things like fixing cars. Just wish I bought the one that has more battery life.
Excellent quality, thick and durable perfect fitment.
Love them they look good and it was a easy install
It's perfect! Not only does it look good, it feels good! It's like a pillow for your hands while you drive. Helps with hand fatigue from gripping the steering wheel.
Item has multiple functions that all work great
This thing is still perfectly adhered to my board after 3 days of riding. I could not be happier with the quality of this decal :)
These guys are so easy to use! I use them for waxing and for cleaning and conditioning my leather seats. They also clean really nicely. I just run them through the washer with the Chemical Guys Microfiber wash stuff and they come out like new.
With the right tools, you can save a lot of money by yourself.If you like doing it yourself, it's a good choice.
Works well for industrial environment
I think for the budget conscious buyer this product is perfect. It gives my Jeep just enough growl and it isn't over the top loud. It doesn't drone at speed and it's not obnoxiously loud on the high RPMs. The install was very easy. Follow the instructions and it's no problem. Its 3 clamps and 2 hangers. If it's an older Jeep it may be a little hard but I have a fairly new one and it come off pretty easy. Spray some lubricant let set for a few and I had no trouble.
They work great! Will be ordering another color set! (When installing use plastic around nut to prevent scratches)
OK aftermarket mirror.
I bought this mirror for my husband to put in his 379 Peterbilt tractor trailer. He loves it!
Worked well. This part for my Toyota pickup was not available at the various local auto parts stores.
Such a pretty bracket all bright and bold! Helps me express my American pride in a lady like manner. Comes with extra studs to replace any that fall out.
Bought for a Christmas gift.
Bert Mama spouse is writing this: I order these since the original ones on our van where no longer holding up the hatch in cold weather. Just randomly selected these. So far they look like they will work. My biggest issue was not having an installation instructions. I'm not a mechanic and can barely hammer a nail. I was hoping for a step by step process within the packaging but nothing came. So went outside and removed the old ones. On our 06 Town & Country you will need a T40 star thingy to remove old ones. Once removed I didn't know if there was a special way to put these one so I just screwed in the odd looking screw/ball to the van. Then popped in the supports. Tried doing the one that attaches to the gate first and it was a little hard to attach the support to the van. On the other side I attached the side to the van first and was much easier to then attach the gate. Hopefully they will last until I no longer need the van.
Excellent light and fast shipping.. Thanks
These looked great, and work great
Wayyy cheaper than going thru dealership
Used on a 2016 GMC diesel
Very easy to use and it works as discribed.
The wheel cover match the others perfectly but was a little tight to get on
Working perfectly for my 2009 Chevy Traverse. Will update regarding durability with time.
Scotty Kilmer on Youtube gave this great exposure, now I get the best mpg in my daily driver. 1 mpg increase
Seems to get the job done so far on 420 chain ..i had no issues using it
Perfect fit. They are a pain to install, but got it done. Comes with the metal OEM gaskets. I purchased the stainless steel studs and nuts to replace the old rusty ones. Be careful pulling the old ones out so as not to twist off. Highly recommend!
Some idiot over-tightened my oil-filter. Needed this wrench and a breaker bar to get it loose, but it got the job done with some effort. Absolutely nothing to complain about, solid product that performed as advertised.
Easy to use and works well.
Fixed the CEL on my ML 55
This stuff is amazing......................really made my 12 year old Jeep shine and lasted for a very long time
Put 12 on a can am outlander to protect from dust and mud. So far they are holding.
I replaced the starter on a 2004 ford focus and it functions perfectly. The price point was fair and the product is well made and works as it should.
Exactally as it said. Worked great on my 06 trailblazer
Bought this stuff because my dad is OCD about car detailing and swore by it. This stuff is great! Doesn't sling all over the vehicle after applying it! I also use it on the plastic tire fender wall and outside plastic and helps keep it from fading in this Florida weather. Definitely would recommend this 10 stars if possible!
Awesome!!!! Great for long trips!!! We have two of them.
Very high quality hose
Gave as a gift to a friend who had shoulder surgery lately. Now he can maneuver his lawn tractor with ease again. Happy Days!
Worked great. Exactly what I needed. Fast shipping. Thank you
This worked well flushing out a 31 year old engine. This seems to be the best product on the market.
1 part ordered got lost in transit. When received part didn't match original also part number was not the same. After doing some research the part number I received would work. It would have been helpful if that was noted when placing order.
Fit perfectly under the glovebox of my 09 Hyundai. Good product. No issues installing.
Genuine Toyota product I bought for 2015 Toyota Camry le .good price and fits so good even driver side .must buy with no Hassle .i loves it .ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘
I've used a couple of cheaper chain breakers that are meant for bicycle chains but are supposed to accommodate 415 chain as well (motorized bicycle) and all of them tend to barely hold the chain and strip the threads when trying to press out the pin. Not with this tool, this is extremely robust and well built. The interchangeable pins are very strong and breaking a 415 chain took just a few moments along with very little effort. My only regret is not buying this sooner.
Priced right...easy to install ...looks good...and definitely useful !!
Changing your filters is a must for proper airflow through the cars ventilation system. This unit works perfectly and is cheep enough to do it every 6 months. I use them in all my cars. Very good unit.
For most drivers, keep an eye on tire wear, and check with local mechanics if need-be. Make a habit of checking your car once a week, at least, and if the tires show wear on the edges, check with the shop. This is a perfect product, highly recommended.
Very compact and easy to use
These wide angle mirrors work well.
worked as advertised
This is easy to use. When you're on your bike, you can use your phone. It's very useful
Great material, received as expected with item description. For perfectly on my 2010 mazda 3 steering wheel.
We camp in Mo, Ar, Ill and Ky. I didn't know I needed this until a park ranger educated me.
Used them in car tires, motorcycle tires, and even in my riding mower tires. No defective ones. They work just fine.
Fitment was perfect as described. They provide much better braking power than the old ones and are also much quieter than standard metallic break pads. Packaging was also nice. Only thing Is I was expecting to get the clips to hold the pad in with the new pads as I have always gotten new ones with brands I buy from car parts stores, but still worked out fine I just had to coerce the pads into the old clips that wouldn't stay straight. Would recommend and will be buying again in the future just with the addition of new clips.
Good fit and bright!
Bought this to replace the bulb in the trunk to match the rest of the LED bulbs I replaced in the interior of my MK6 GTI. They're a little short for a 42mm so I had to push the contacts a little so that they hold the bulb snugly. No errors and it's super bright! Highly recommended product.
Of course I use this for my time up lol
On Time and Best Price
I bought it for inner rods on my audi; worked perfect the first time. Did not slip.
Everything works like it should. Could be a little more durable for the kind of work that I do.
Used to wire up a subwoofer in my f150 without having to cut into the factory harness. Worked as expected.
I love it.I live in NJ where the winters can be snowy and quite cold. I have been using this snow cover for my Volkswagen Passat. It fits great. It is easy to put on and take off. I highly recommend it.
I bought this magnet to decorate my work cubby/ file cabinet and it was a good purchase. I like the size, the quality seems good and I have gotten a few inquiries from my coworkers. I'm proud to support the thin blue line!
as described, very pleased
This grease gun is great for my lawn mower I keep it in my truck easy to store easy to use Works great
Appears to be a good product all metal. Sorry I haven't had a chance to use it yet.
Great price for tdi full synthetic oil
Bought these for a friend. She lives them. Easy in and off.
Perfect fit, removed the old one and replaced the new one in about 20 minutes. Highly satisfied with the quality, and look.
Great price and easy installation. Cannot speak for the durability just yet because I haven't had it for long but it feels and seems to be very sturdy material.
Got it for my wife's truck & she loves it!
This product is great. Hid the old scratches from the previous owner. Be sure to go by the instructions and you won't have any problems. Photos are from the passengers side front and back.
Bought this to replace a broken, and often troublesome fuel filter on my Kubota Tractor. The unit is well built, mounted easily, and was a very easy fix for an upgrade/replacement fuel filter. It has a larger capacity and a better water separator bowl with a better water drain valve. Wish I could give some negative points, just to be fair, but honestly; I didn't experience any on this project.
great badge. it can stick and be bolt on which is great. it's looks insane and i really enjoy it. costumer service was great. even sent me a replacement bc the Q was bent
Lifted my truck up pretty easy
Solid item, pretty much OEM!
I've bought one of these for every car I've ever had, and I'll keep buying them in the future. One-time purchase that improves the health and performance of your engine and saves you in the long-run. Don't even question it â€“ just get one.
Excellent lock for my jet ski trailer, more secure than just a cotter pin
Used this mat on our first camping trip. It was the perfect size. Very fashionable. We hosed it down when we got home. Love the carrying bag as well.
Fast shipping. And work perfect.
Product came exactly as described paint color matched perfect just need to wax and buff to match the rest of the car this price does not come clear coated
Good quality, feels much better when shifting than previous plastic knob.
I have not get a chance to jump my car yet. But it definitely have enough capacity to charge my phones and ipads. I will keep it in my cars just in case or be a nice flash light.
Fits right on my winch perfectly to keep me street legal. Easily flips up when I need to use the winch as well.
loved this and best thing- made in the USA! great quality
My fiancÃ© is like a bull in a china shop and completely destroyed the factory mats that came with his car. I bought him a set of these which were stolen but he loved them. So, I replaced his old one with these. They are fiancÃ© proof and dog proof! Not a hair or drop of mud on the floor of this car!
Used in 2012 verano worked as they should
My order came very quickly and I couldn't be happier. The lights work perfect and I love how they work with the music. I Definitely would recommend these to somebody who is looking for interior lights at a cheap price.
This is such a game changer on days that I travel and need to eat lunch in my car.
Second one for the wife's Lexus. Have had one from this manufacture for a number of years for my older Porsche. Tried a different one for the wife's car that did not work out to well and replaced it with this. Easy on and off and not a big hassle to store between uses.
Fit my 2007 Corvette base model just fine. I always use these plugs and change every 8,000 miles.
Easy assembly and easy to install on the vehicle. After tying it down it seems very sturdy. Traveled over 50 miles at freeway speeds and the yaks stayed put. These racks did very well and at a reasonable price.
Ordered it with the quick connect wire harness, and install was under 5 minutes. Works great so far.
Another "must have" if you don't have one in you RV. Mark your holes, tap holes, and then screw it on.
Fits and works great
Fits great and looks awesome. Makes the engine a little louder...with a nice growl to it. The paper directions kinda stink so watch the youtube video for installation. Overall happy.
Looks awesome on my Tahoe
This is the cutest little vacuum! (1) NOISE: Many of the reviews for this product describe the vacuum as loud. Well... it is a VACUUM CLEANER, so yes it is going to be loud. When considering the fact that it is, in fact, a vacuum cleaner, I don't think it's actually that loud. (2) SUCK-ABILITY: This vacuum cleaner does a impressive job sucking stuff up. I usually use public vacuum cleaners at car washes; this did a comparable if not better job than those, AND it has the added bonus of exchangeable nozzle pieces. (3) ACCESSIBILITY: The small nozzle piece is awesome, because in my experience even the smallest nozzles on home vacuum cleaners are too large to reach the crevices of your car. This one by far does the best job I've seen. (4) EMPTYING: I used this to vacuum the front seating area of my car and needed to empty it once in the middle of the job. It is a tiny vacuum cleaner, so that is to be expected. That being said, it's very easy to empty.
Can't complain. I work at airport so need something TSA friendly. Only have to use it every once in a while. I don't know about getting it for a gift because it's an inexpensive item.
Love the look and ease of installation. No issue with radio stations in a small/medium town. Have not ventured into more rural areas but if issues are found when that occurs, I will update. Very satisfied with purchase.
Great product, they worked well ! Thanks
Very easy to install and well made.
Powerful and strong enough.. Has many parts to use for every inch in the car ðŸ‘Œ
They worked great on my 5.3
Amazing product. Looks amazing on my Mini. And great quality. Best purchase ever!
This is a great product. It took about 5 minutes to install. I can't believe people had any difficulty installing it. Piece of cake and looks good.
Product was receive on time and everything is all okay. Very excellent.
Works as described, remove the grease stuff that built up in the windshield, just make sure that you use a clean cotton cloth to apply the product
Gift for my father and they look great on his wheels and he loves them!
I like this for quick and easy car washes
These tire covers are fantastic on my car. I love the sturdiness of the cover, and I like the American Flag decal on them. These covers definitely dress up my car! I also like that I know they are helping to keep the air into my tires and I don't have to rely on the factory covers.
I purchased this antenna to replace the one I had on my truck. It was easy to install and looks and works great.
Upgrading look of my older Impala. Easy to put on and looks great!
Just received and it works as claimed. Price was great too. I highly recommend to anyone that has heavy gas cans that has trouble lifting.
working very well perfect hitch fit
Rhino Flex. What can I say. It is the best. Know why? Because it does not leak!
works great with keeping my keys organizer and not bunched up in my pocket. It is slim and easy to carry.
Product as described Fast shipping A ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Easy to install and position. Very bright. 10x's brighter than the OEM bulbs... no heat, doesn't run the battery down if the door doesn't quite shut overnight.
Nice product. Perfect fit
Came just as pictured
Just wasnt the right piece for my 01 mustang.
Worked great. No problems
Put it in my Nissan Pathfinder and makes the arm rest much more comfortable. Recommended!
My husband loves this on his Harley.
Nice product, very easy to assemble and sturdy
Didn't help performance but was able to program for bigger tires
5 stars because it is everything you need.
Damaged my keyless entry and found this for less than $10! Changed my current damage keyless and was on my way!
Great makes my car look new lol
Use for my boat and love it
Quality product at a great price. My wife liked them so much, I ordered a set for her Benz. These are plastic so the durability of the "chrome" may be an issue, but at the price, it is irrelevant.
This was made with quality in mind, very nice. I'm pleased
This worked just fine as a replacement. Glad to be able to find it without having to order from a dealer.
They worked perfectly and fit exactly as described.
Haven't installed it yet. It seems a very sturdy and well built light bar.
Easy to install and look great
Wow these are great lights! Plug and play and are super bright. Gives a nice and clean white light on your plate. No more dull yellow bulbs to light up the plate. Than you!!!!
Fit my 16 Camaro. Make such a difference in the look of the car.
was pleasantly surprised at the fit and finish of this piece. hardest part is lining it up correctly. It has stayed on really well even in this 100 degree cabin heat in Alabama. 10/10 would buy again.
Time will tell. Would highly recommend. Fast shipment. Would highly recommend. They've lasted for months now and seem like they'll last much longer! The product is very good. The wife was happy to use it Nice and valuable. great
Perfect fit as advertised.
Easy install. Looks & feels sturdy
Thank you sooo much for such a great product! Worked perfectly with my Matrix
Awesome product. Easy install. Wish I would have done it myself the first time instead of the dealer.
Quality part. Great fit with a metal impeller that's a significant improvement over the OEM plastic impeller.
This product was perfect fit just as it should and was well built. It replaced the plastic inlet from intercooler that we brittle.
Little niece loves it
I had a small part of stitching come loose and they sent me a new pair within an hour of contacting them. Great people. I need to look at more of their products in the future.
It is what it is it qorks awsome
Works like it says it does. Goes on easy. Stays on. I tinted my 3rd taillight and mirror mounted turn signals with this and its survived 5-6 washes without coming off. Even if/when it does this is a lifetime supply for what I need it for and it only takes a few minutes to re-tint.
Brakes like new again. Easy to install. Good product. Would purchase again.
Try it you won't regret!
Love it. good reading..nice to have it..
works sending gas to my Wave 3!
Works great. At least I hope they do, beware other drivers lol
While it is pricey, it's the highest quality and folds Nicely for storage. Perfect vehicle Fit.
Digital Tire Pressure Gauge if awesome to work with and accurate to the cars sensors too :)
Absolutely love this & was desperately needed for my 94 Jeep Wrangler as it had a hole in it.
perfect looks great on my rig
It's perfect! The design is beautiful and it is so comfortable. Great quality! I have a 2017 Ford Escape and it aligns perfectly with the wheel creases. I love it.
easy to use,fits great
Haven't installed the cat yet, but they are very nice quality. I also thought I would only receive one for that price, but when I opened the well packaged box, there sat two high quality catalytic converters. Highly impressed this far, and I'm sure that won't change even after install.
Actually these did not fit the truck because of the built in seatbelts but the return was very smooth.
Just got this in the mail today, installed it myself, and it seems to work great. Signals worked immediately, and it fit my 2003 Impala perfectly. Very happy.
Great value, fit and works as expected
The lights look very nice and fit correctly. No issues, but I did seal the seam with silicone before installing them to make sure they wouldn't fog up with moisture.
I have used this a few times and it works great. very well built and designed.
Easy to install. Good as advertised.The bottoms are sticky and prevent from sliding. Nice product
Usually use meguiars, but was having trouble finding just the clay without the kit. Works the same as any other clay bar.
Great product! Love how my key is the pink color and my husband has the black. Makes it a little easier to know which key belongs to who
This was a perfect fit right down to the pre-positioned ABS cable clips. I bought a new torque wrench as well to make sure I had a calibrated torque setting.
Love it, it really makes the interior in my 2012 impala stand out. It s easy to do but it does take some time to make it look perfect.
Product arrived on time and fully charged I believe. Operates correctly in the alarm system application. Great price, and was the exact replacement.
Very good work perfect
Exact replacement for OEM hydraulic valve lifters, Follow the installations instructions and you'll have no problems.
very pleased works like original
I bought this for my 2008 Jeep Wrangler JK. It was a super easy install. It has been an amazing help changing my oil. A lot of review videos show the person just draining the oil, closing valve and then refilling engine with new oil but I highly recommend draining oil and then removing valve and draining the 1-2mm of oil in the oil pan as this may have dirt or debris that didn't flow through the valve. Other than that It has worked amazing. I don't use a clip or metal band to lock the valve closed and I go off-roading a lot and it has never leaked nor come open by itself. It's a solid valve and the spring that locks it into the closed position has never messed up. Great quality in the metals, springs and seals.
Worked great for my truck!
Easy to put together! Feels pretty sturdy. Took out hunting and was nice to have the extra space.
Awesome product and made my ride look amazing also very easy to install!
2004 F150 4X4 cleared everything and sounds and feel great!
After having this for a year, I feel like I can now give a solid review of this product. Overall, this thing is EXCELLENT! We have it on a Chrysler 200 (2015) and it fits well on top of the car. We use the non-skid roof pad and it doesn't move an inch. The size is great for us, we mainly use it to haul our camping gear which fits fine. The real question I had when I bought this was, How water proof is this really?... well I got to test this this year. We drove through thunderstorms all morning. I was worried when we got to our campsite, but all was completely dry inside! Overall I am very happy with this product. I would recommend if your looking for a rooftop bag.
For the price, you get what you need.
Worked perfectly and looks great!!
Looks nice on my car. Flexible silicone material protects the car. Does not include hardware.
My Subaru Outback has a great driver's seat; passenger seat, not so much. This makes long drives bearable.
Big decal and looks great on my laptop!
This product is used as additional support seating while driving. Provides perfect support for hip area.
Easy to install and looks great. Not as bright as I anticipated but should work fine for my application (docking lights on a pontoon boat)
On time and what I needed
worked as advertised
Fit and worked perfect with a good price.
I purchased this product to prevent my phone screen from being scratched by my keys in my pocket. This little leather pouch was the perfect solution to that. It comfortably holds both the key fob as well as a few additional keys. The inside of the pouch also has a chain that you can secure your keys to so that they never get separated from the pouch. Great product!
worth the money. serves its purpose.
Took less than a minute to attach them. They attach with a few small pieces of velcro and elastic loops that go around the posts on the head rests. I took off the head rests for better visibility and this protector is staying attached fine without the elastic.
Was exactly what it said it was, bright, easy install, quality lights.
BOUGHT THESE BECAUSE THE OTHER ORDER NEVER ARRIVED- WORKS GOOD
Installed new starter, put battery charger on the new battery set it to start and that motor came alive, good golly Miss Molly that starter made the engine jump.... So happy. Thats a 2011 Craftsman 19.5 HP 42" lawn tractor. It runs like a top now
I like how these come with the hardware and everything you need to install them.
Love them and they worked great on fender and bumper
Good quality and still going strong.
Better than expected for the price
I recommend. I use on all my vehicles. Have someone available to assist you.
My IPhone 7plus is installed in an OtterBox and the Ailun handle bar mount securely carries the complete assembly. I use Strava for tracking my rides and this mount makes bringing my phone along easy. I am completely satisfied.
Awesome Product after a couple of months still no rust . A+
Worked great. The gas cap now stays attached to the vehicle.
They're rubber and they bump, material has right amount of give when dropping the trailer gate. Heads up; most know but for those who don't- make sure to use good solid metal washers to ensure they hold up, otherwise the screws will just tear right through the rubber within a few uses.
The brushes are great
made the magic happen easy installation and corrected my check engine and misfires. its great so far after a month i see how long they last.
They fit my van perfect love it it's going to give it a good look
I feel silly now. I should have bought one of these years ago. This sunshade was super quick and easy to install, I didn't consult the instructions. The shade blocks out just enough to make a difference without really affecting the open top feel of the Jeep. I actually can't wait to get caught in the rain with it, as it should at least help some. LOL. If you love driving around your Jeep topless, consider one of these, it really does make a difference.
Touched up the small stone chip with matching Toyota paint and waited over 24 hours to apply clear coat on my 2018 RAV4. Simple.
100% fit on an 05 Honda CRV, check engine code went away.
It worked just fine. The right fit
Too a while arrive, but looks good after installing it.
Looks real nice and comes with instructions. Was afraid it wouldn't stick to the cover seat but with a little heat sticks on perfect
I finally had a need to use this inflator and it work great. not overheated.This is useful.
This is by far the best bang for your buck! Makes the car look amazing and leaves no kinda streaks at all. I highly recommended this if you are detailing vehicles at an accelerated pace due to how instantaneous works. Works best on hot surfaces.
Worked exactly as it was supposed to
I have a similar device that has saved my bacon several times, but it came in a flimsy notebook-style case and everything is always sliding out. The JACO comes in nice clamshell case that nothing falls out of even when it's open, and everything fits back inside nicely. Very good design. The feature I most appreciate is the indicator lights that tell you a) the battery you're trying to jump is too dead or b) you have it hooked up wrong. This could save someone a lot of heartache. I strongly recommend this jump starter. One should be in every vehicle. Now I have one in both of mine.
Really helps when sitting with my sciatica. Recommend it.
fits my socket wrench and performs great.
Withstand all weather, no cracks in the material and easy to install.
Fit the screen door on my 2006 Carson Toy Hauler perfectly. Looked & fit exactly like the one that broke. Highly recommended purchase.
Looks great. Provided the product doesn't rust, well worth the money
Absolutely incredible
Wow! Auxbeam never disappoints me at all! The overall build quality of these lights are beyond what you would expect for the price point! Great Brightness! The beams hit far enough down the road to increase my distance of sight while driving! If you looking to upgrade your lights and you don't want to spend a lot then this is product and company you are looking for!
Fantastic product, works as advertised. The different nozzles are perfect for cleaning every inch of the car. I love this vacuum.
Great transaction. Product working great.
I have been having difficulties in many gas stations in my city as almost all of their air pumps do not have the air pressure indicator, so I can only guess and check the indicator in my car dashboard. This inflator is great and resolves all my issues refilling my tires. Now I do not have to find gas stations on the way and worry about my tire air pressure. The indicator works great and the cordless part makes it even better! I charge it to full and can use for many times, not only my car but also my girl's bikes. The pump refills fair quickly and the built-in light makes it capable to use during night. Love it.
Fits great, stays on nicely heavy construction
Easy to install and use
WONDERFUL Product and afordable price, still works great after all this time which was at LEAST over a year or 2 if not longer
This fit my 2008 Yaris perfectly. I actually bought it a couple years ago and it has never come off or given me any trouble. I will buy again if needed.
Went straight in perfect fit only took me about an hour.
Part was perfect, fit and all but part was black instead of gray. Received it super slow!!!
Using it go install 18" Reinforced Concrete Pipe (about one ton per joint of pipe), it's holding out pretty well, I also had to use it to pull a delivery truck out of a mud pit. So all in all, it's a good deal for the price.
Love it have had in car for couple weeks and it doesn't move when you get in you stay cool where you want to and it doesn't follow you out of the vehicle please continue to carry so when I need another one I can get
Fixed my issue. Direct replacement.
Perfect fit for my 2002 Chevy Silverado 5.3L engine. I transferred over all the clamps and brackets and it looks factory correct. Thanks AC Delco!
Purchased these for my camper. I have replaced all of the bulbs and it dramatically lengthened the battery life of your RV .
Did not use found something better.
Very well made, Way better then I thought they would be. Fit like a glove, and look great. Installed them on my 02 Silverado 1500HD 4x4 6.0
For my garden, filters out clorine and chemicals out of city water which is harmful for vegetable garden.
Well made and sturdy quick delivery.
Works as expected and easy to install.
I bought this for my husband because he loves to work in the garage and he really loves it. He said it wipe oil better than other towels that I got for him. There is 25 towels in the pack and the towels are good size towels. I dont have to wash it as often as there is more than enough for him to last for a week at least.
Looks and works great and the light is a nice touch.
Very easy to use, and the adapters let get all the crumbs for hidden places.
Pretty simple to install. Love the look of the fenders
never regret purchasing this. It has helped me out a lot when installing other devices in my vehicle and it works great. Need to have.
This sun shade is very useful in the hot days. I found it was easy to use it. Since I had this sun shade, I feel it's not hot like before. I would recommend this to everyone!
Great got what was ordered
I bought it and test all two vehicles and tractors. It will really work tester. Oh tractor, I did test the battery and found out that alternator was bad and replaced it. I am happy about tester. Thanks
Drop in replacement.
All the radio stations come in just as clear as the big whip antenna and it doesn't scrape my garage door when I pull in anymore. Everyone wins.
These are working great for my replacement backup lamps. They cast a lot of light when backing into a dark street at night. Much better than the factory incandescent bulbs my truck came with.
had a 31mm wrench but had to order this one. That 1 extra mm made all the difference in the world to get that damn fan off so I could get to my belts and tensioners. Also like the water pump holder bar, makes the job a lot easier.
Fits great. Easy to out on and remove by yourself. No need to worry about the weather when running with the doors off!
mounted with solar powered light. now the goats don't have to sleep in the dark. solar panel, battery, 10watt light, and this photocell means I never have to walk into a dark barn again, automatically! running for a year now without fail
Fits great. Easy to install. Would recommend and buy again if get a different machine.
Nice, quality vinyl decals. Have had some on my work trucks for a couple years now and they haven't faded or peeled yet so I ordered more in different sizes. Highly recommended
I'm fairly new to oil diffusers but I love having this in my car! Super easy to use. I also love that it comes with extra scent pads (or whatever they're called) so I can switch out different oils whenever I want.
My car was having issues with a slight misfire that was not showing up on scanner. It would stutter while stopped at idle and also while driving. Long story short I replaced with this Distributor and so far no problems ðŸ‘
It was easy to install.
These look great on my truck! My truck is in good shape, but the stock emblems were badly weathered. These really dressed up the look of my truck! Much easier to put on than I thought.
Exact fit, Works great. Identical to OEM. Both my fans are now working.
Plug and play and very bright! Good lights !
Does exactly what it is supposed to do. Nice case keeps all attachments together.
Great customer service! Easy to work with
My husband LOVES the motorcycle riding pants I purchased for him by surprise. They are made extremely well, have lots of protective areas and are made of a sturdy material. Wish they made these for women. I will have to look for myself. I was also pleasantly pleased with the price. Outstanding pants with outstanding price!
Super simple to install. I am an automotive technician by trade so this might be easier for me than for some one with little or no background in this field but the directions are fairly simple.
I liked this product because it saved so much time in the mornings before work. No waiting for the window to defrost or having to scrape the ice/snow off. I just spread it out and attached it at night, and the next day pull it off and shake of the snow/ice. Great product
Heavy duty stackable. Superior product at great price. Will buy another set for boat trailer.
Looks great. Works better.
Connected with no problem and the gauge works well. Would recommend.
Fit my car key just perfect
Boyfriend loved it. Works great
I'll use this spring for my car.
I want sure what to expect from this product. I recently took a trip across the US and it definitely made my ride more enjoyable. I didn't have to have my music up as loud and it cut down on road noise. Also makes having conversions easier in the car. Thinking about doing my trunk and my car floor.
This is just the outer shell, and it was exactly as shown. It was a little stiff, which I expect with a new product- the key would take some work to get out. But, I had broken my shell and this one fit my old key and insides perfectly. New ones are over $100! So, very happy I could buy this so cheaply.
This is a very heavy duty item. My 12V air compressor pulls a lot of current. I've had cheap plugs and wires heat up and fail, but this is just the thick wire setup I needed.
Worked perfectly for me!
This works great. The fog light switch was coming on by itself and it was time for a replacement. I'm not an auto mechanic by any means so I was hesitant to do a DIY on my Jeep. However, I found a YouTube video that does a really good job of walking you through this. Anyone could do this easy. BOOM!
Fits just right, easy to install. I was also surprised about how easy it was to find.
I bought this for my scooter which also has an 80cc big bore kit and it works perfectly ! Only problem I had was installing the air filter since my stock air box had the breather hose connected to it. If you have the same issue just buy a breather filter and you can get rid of that big ugly air box all together. My bike now starts instantly. You might have to adjust your idle screw after installing ! Overall very satisfied.
Amazing!! Very nice liquid glitter look nice built very sturdy....
Worked as intended, this is the best testament the tool is good
Okay I almost didn't buy these because I didn't think they would be bright enough I was a very very skeptical about them I thought they would be doom and and just not really what I was looking for but I installed them today and I am quite pleased with them they are very very bright it was easy to install and they all worked I didn't have any of that didn't work I would highly recommend them
Great price hold CD well
Seems very flexible to use with their various shapes / sizes. We used them to remove the trim pieces on the rear door of our Sienna so we could upgrade our backup lights.
Product worked as advertised.
This product was purchased to replace the worn-out switch in my Dodge 1500. Easy installation and I now have wipers again, well needed in Oregon.
OEM thermostat, works just like the original! Swapped out when my original (15 yr old) radiator finally sprung a leak where the plastic body attached to the metal, not much could be done to fix. The new radiator is aftermarket, but for the price, the OEM thermostat was well worth the investment. Here's to another 15+ years!
Perfect fit and well built has not rattled at all with an adjustment keeps my kids safe
I had gotten tired of de-icing my car every morning and needed an alternative. I came across this car cover and it's fantastic to say the least! I put the cover on at night and don't have to deal with the snow in the morning. What a life saver! Would highly recommend.
My friends like these lights, they are obsessed in this and feels a little jealous to see my car now. The setup was very simple,so in general,the product meets my requirements and I can recommend its for purchase.
This serves it's purpose and pleased with the product for a more comfortable seatbelt.
Used this on a steel steering line on a tractor, the OEM part was discontinued from the manufacture. I was able to cut the tube at the leak and install this compression union and the tractor is back up and running good as new.
On time. Very easy to install. Works great.
This produce is awesome. It detects perfectly and explained what I needed to do with both of our vehicles. So easy to use and read!!
Great hitch. Mounted right to frame and very heavy duty. Great product!! Love it. Highly recommend. Not easy to install by yourself but possible.
Great sun shade and excellent price. I found it fit my Subaru Outback wonderfully. It has its own carrying case which makes it easy for storage. Very happy i bought it.
Bought these to increase light for the cargo lights on my 2017 F150. They are bright and project almost as well as the incandescent bulbs the reflectors are designed for. They fit barely into the reflector housing.
it looks good and fits perfect!
I used this to press out a stud bolt, that my 130 lb ft DeWalt Impact wrench couldn't loosen. Update: I was able to use this to install a ball joint in an Acura Integra Steering knuckle with the 'Honda' ball joint adapter set, and an aluminum 18" pipe wrench. I had to hammer out the old ball joint, after applying penetrating fluid, as I wasn't strong enough, to extract the old ball joint and was afraid of damaging the steering knuckle. Consider applying some synthetic/lithium grease on ball joint and thread, before installation.
These are a amazing tool to have on hand. If you prefer chains and lockers no problem but if your already stuck and don't have either these will pull you out
just liked they were discribed thanks
Great product. It works. Will buy again.
I wanted one for some time â€¦..very satisfied
Very nice brush, softer than I expected.
Great, highly visible magnets.
This is very convenient for long drives and also easy to install. It helps reduce your travel fatigue. It is a definite buy for long rides
I had the normal issues with trying to get the pads lined up with the calipers in the new clips. But after everything was set and I applied the provided silicone gel to the clips and the back of the pads, they have remained very quiet. It has been 2 weeks and still sounding great. Better then my previous dealer installed set.
I wanted to show my pride in my unit.
As advertised, this trunk organizer is perfect for grocery bags and prevents everything from sliding around in the trunk. Velcro on the bottom keeps it in place.
These are a little smaller and thinner than the cloths I normally use for the car, but they are also MUCH cheaper. They're so inexpensive that you can even justify using one and trashing it if you drop it or get it too dirty. Yet they're nicely absorbent and plenty soft enough to avoid scratches. I'll buy again.
Bought this for my sons Chinese 110cc 4 wheeler and it has performed perfectly. Absolutely no complains. Sits for a weeks between ride and it fire right up every time.
Great product, the seller sent the package earlier than expected..
It's a nice tool to carry your sled. comes in black to help prohibit rust!
This is the best bar I've owned. No issues
I love this chair. I bought 2 for the back yard patio and have enjoyed them very much sitting around the enclosed fire pit. Something about the rocking motion that is so calming and soothing.
First off to program a key you have to have 2 working programmed keys for the vehicle. That being said it is super easy and takes all of about 1 minute to program the new keys to work in the vehicle. The keys are nice and sturdy and I paid a dollar each to have them cut at the local Ace hardware. The keys would have cost a bloody fortune at the dealer so this is the best route to go. Here's the instructions for RAM (probably the same for most Dodge/Chrysler vehicles): -Insert first programmed key into ignition switch. -Switch ignition ON for at least 3 seconds but no longer than 15 seconds. -Turn ignition OFF and remove key. -Within 15 seconds insert second programmed key into ignition switch and turn ignition ON. -After 10 seconds an acoustic signal will be heard and immobilizer warning lamp will flash. -Turn ignition OFF and remove second programmed key. -Within 60 seconds insert non programmed key into ignition switch and turn ignition ON. -After 10 seconds an acoustic signal will be heard and immobilizer warning lamp will illuminate for 3 seconds. -Switch ignition OFF. -Remove Key.
This works great. I'm glad I read the reviews before I purchased and bought this unit. It's well worth the price and my truck runs cooler.
Package was well done
On time and a perfect fit.
My husband is a car guy. Not vintage, but he keeps his cars immaculate. This is his favorite wax and this was the best price
Before this we were using a towel on the seat, after this I realize how much we needed the kick mat. Having something to protect your car from kids is a must and this definitely does the job. I will be getting more for my other kids/car.
Fast shipping, product works well in G&G Combat Machine. Will probably buy 3 more.
item is exactly as i expected!!!
Outstanding lights for your car or truck. Super bright and easy to install. I highly recommend these lights.
Fit perfectly & replaced easily in minutes.
I keep these in my crewcab 4 door pickup. I keep part of the rear seat folded down to use for things I don't want to leave in the truckbed. One of these cubes holds items all the time. I also have a zip-up bag there that hold's ratchet straps etc. But the other cube bag remains folded up for the time being and stashed inside my truck to be used as necessary when I have loose product to carry. When I need to use my backseat it's ease to grab the cube handles and the bag handles and move them out to the truckbed or leave them at home.
I bought this jacket for casual riding. I'm 6'2" and 255 lbs. I usually wear XL shirts, so that's what I bought. This feels good when zipped. If you have much of a belly, you might want to go up a size. I was worried about sleeve length, but they're long enough for my monkey arms. I might buy more.
High Visibility decal for my son's truck. He loves it. Support Police by showing it matters to you.
Great product. Easy to use Helped me diagnose an issue in minutes
It did exactly what was expected. It is not as powerful as the house vac but perfect for the car
Installed filter yesterday, very happy with filter and price. Highly recommended.
Comfortable, easy to install, no slippage - nice looking - great buy!
They fit well, and are good.
Very safe and is worth the money.
Works as well as expected!! Great buy!!
I wanted this on my new car, and I love it!
Looks cool and works great
I love the personalized decal, it was a challenge putting it on!
Put these wipers on both of our cars. Pleased with the performance and price.
It works like a charm and takes almost no electricity.
Works as advertised, easy on and off.
love this product in 10 minutes the job was completely done
Great value for the money. My husband loves them.
Easy to install, good fit in a 2012 Civic Sedan LS. No noticeable change in performance, not that I expected one. Does the job, competitive price.
Fits all types of phone. We use android and an iPhone 7Plus in it. Never slides on our bike rides.
Good product. Instructions to install was horrible. Took longer than expected.
Easy to install. Works quietly and perfect.
Good fog lights. Not the brightest but works fine.
I have a Toyota RAV4 and a double car garage. I should have ordered the Medium size instead of the larger size and have to fold over the length of the mat. So far I love the mat.
I Iove the product. It came in on time and didn't disappoint.
It fit well, was well priced and easy to install.
Too cool. I feel safe knowing we are protecting our cars from jerks that would try to boost our car key signals. We have spares put away and our daily keys go straight in the bag when we get home. It's also a conversation piece when people come over.
It holds the load beautifully.
Pretty bright lights i like them. Easy to install. 6000k is perfect. Cheap but quality is good. Lets see how long they last me.
I bought this to keep Ice Cream ready-to-eat within arms reach when i am sitting in the cockpit of my boat. I could not be happier. I love it. My guests love it. It works perfectly! Temperature control is simply perfect. And it looks great too.
Disliked having to take door panel off to install! Had a friend help though so it was easy. Just remember to hook up door handle cable before you put it all back together. Product is great. Arrived on time and in perfect condition. I hope I don't have to buy again but I wouldn't hesitate.
Excellent experience...thanks!!
Still on my car after 2 years and still using it for everthing
Works awesome. No more having to reach back and adjust their head when they fall asleep. Love it!
Everything was as noted and arrived fast!!!
Seems well built. If I need another I will definitely order again.
My dealer said i needed new wipers at my last oil change. After reading reviews i decided on these for my 2016 dodge charger. Installation was so easy. I hate reading instructions & im def not going to watch a video. Ultimate test since it is about to rain.
Nice set of driving lights. Much brighter then halogen lights. Upgraded look to the front of the car.
We drove from Atlanta to Orlando with this on the roof - both ways in the pouring rain! Everything inside stayed safe and dry. Great buy, I highly recommend it
Very easy to install. Installed in about 20 min
Very cute. My wife loves them. They are raised and have a great look.
Excellent super bright led product. It makes my car feel premium. Intense illumination and as described; excellent value for cost.
I'm glad I finally found out about this stuff. Life changing when it comes to car detailing. So far I have only used it as a detailing/clay lube spray and it works great. No streaks when drying. There are many videos on how to use this as a total rinse less wash with multiple microfiber towels. I will eventually try this due me liking the idea of saving water if my cars are not that dirty.
Worked and fit perfectly
We are very glad we bought this. Covers the window and does the job of keeping the sun out of baby's face. Takes some getting used to as far as driving, but we don't even notice it anymore.
The product is not just affordable, well manufactured and easy to install, the seller/manufacturer follows up with you to see if you are pleased with the product. I enjoy seeing a company follow up to see if the product met your needs, it shows a willingness to ensure the transaction went smoothly and that they are ready to rectify any problem you encounter. It reflects that their reputation is important to them. The only thing I recommend is the package need to include a power adapter.
A very well built little car power inverter that actually works. It plugs into your car adapter plug and readily converts the 12V DC power into a 110W DC to AC power for charging electronic items like a laptop or ipad while travelling and / or at camps. It has an inbuilt fan used to cool the product from getting over heated. It is a good product and great value for money.
They match up perfectly to existing holes. 5 min job to have mirrors on my bike again.
Every RVer should have this!
Easy to put up quickly
Got the whole kit. The quality is great.
good horn but need to find online clip to figure out wiring
This takes up room but when your rags and brushes need cleaning it's worth the time
Drastically improved the performance of my jeep like 200%
Product as describe. Works very well gives more power and eliminates the AFM. Very happy with it.
Surprisingly sturdy and roomy. You have the option of using the leakproof liner by itself, or lining with a small disposable bag. The trash can was much roomier than I expected, but it still small enough to be unobtrusive. You have several options for placement, including hanging from a seatback. Excellent value for the price.
truck is 19 yrs old 1999 toyota tacoma driverside seat had a hole on door side so this is a perfect fit / fix :)
I already had this so I bought 2 for a friend and my mother in law they both love it
Easy to open and fold. Keeps heat limited in the car.
Used it for Spectra with high mileage, now it's shifting better
Excellent sounds. Very easy to install once you can get the factory bolts broke lose. Definitely needs wd40.
It's easy to use. Make foam very well.
Fair $ and comes with pan washers.
Great product and as described
very quality product .. bolt on and no rattle.. plus theft deterent
Worked great on a tank that had been sitting and needed flushed out for the sensors to work correctly. Will purchase again!
I inspected every piece of this set. And all looked really good. I have only used the set a few times so I can't be sure of the durability just yet, but feel all should hold up well. I think it's a very nice set for the price.
I installed these on my 2017 GMC Sierra to cover the 2 stake holes for installation of a tonneau cover.
Made very well! Looks great on the truck and pulls my enclosed tool trailer great!
My daughter's wiper blades we're in terrible condition, so I got these for her car. Easy to install and very effective.
One of the last really absorbent towels on the market.
Does the job. Painted them to avoid rust
Nice, works perfect, thanks
This thing lasts forever. I've used approximately 80 times for minutes at a time, still going strong.
Really like them they are bright
Used this for a 2008 Lexus RX350. The supplied instructions were very hard to read, obviously written by someone in China. However another posting here was perfect. I was able to use a single master to produce two new keys, winding up with three. A locksmith told me I could have also made a fourth (the limit). It took all of about 2 minutes to do all three.
Love them. They look great.
Fit perfectly and really helped clean up my center console. Would highly recommend.
Made very good. My friend has the one that costs twice as much. Don't waste your money. This one is great. And my bikes are 65lbs. Works good.
The material looks good. It can help me keep my car clean. It includes 2 storage mesh pockets to keep items in view, I can put some snack foods, water bottles, drinks and my children's toys in it. Most important for me, it's really easy to install.
Had been sitting in my trunk for some time. I was amazed, had a situation that needed to jump start a stranded motorist in extreme weather. I was able to get their car started immediately, saved them a expensive tow bill. Very pleased with this product.
I did this overnight, and let it cure during the day (I used a UV flashlight to assist). It didn't make the spots 100% undetectable, but it is impossible to notice unless you were looking for them. For the price, I feel pretty good about how it came out - beats a new windshield by far. Wasn't too hard to do either, pretty simple all in all.
Considering the quality and the price, it's a great-value product.
Just as described and looks great!!!!
Great quality, fits my 2001 Polaris Sportsman 500 HO, and makes it ride great again.
the older we get the faster and lazy we get. can wipe the car down in 10 min and no left over mess. hard to say how long it lasts b/c i have sprinklers with well water south florida and those minerals calcium will mess up anything. i used wax, miracle glass etc and none of those protect calcium water. so at least this is quick and easy reg. wax takes forever this 10 min
As described. Did not work as I has hoped.
Everything is great and a great value. Typically I use a WIX filter since OEM's like this are a lot more money. We got a new Subaru and since the price was less than a dollar different than the WIX, I went with this. No complaints.
This is perfect! My husband's car has to be parked on the street because he is currently restoring a vintage truck. Right now this is working so well to protect his Mazda 6 from the sun. We live in Utah so it will also work great to protect from the snow!
Great motorcycle vest
A deep hunk exactly what I was looking for! Sounds like a tractor trailer horn, not like the "bad boy " horn that has a voice like a broken train horn.... would love it to be louder, but I guess thats the max you can expect from a tiny compressor like this.... but its not bad a all! Definitely 2 times louder than my factory horn
I ordered this form my '06 Montero to cover the spare tire. Fits like a glove and offers protection, just as advertised. I did check my tire size when ordering to make sure I got the right fit.
I bought this to help in putting on a couple large decals on my truck. It's great that it comes with a protective cover on the end which helps from scratching.
My wife is always wanting her tires inflated even when one of them has a pressure drop of minor proportion. This is the easy way to bring the tire to her desired pressure even when the pressure is just a slight change due to the temperature change.
I love that I am so short and living in Florida the sun kills my eyes. At night I am to wear glasses due to lights from other cars. Not to more rhis is the best visor I have ever had. I would recommend anyone to buy one and hurry before they are all gone.
Fits perfectly. Well made
Got it for a friends car works great!
This works good, lifts a Honda 125 with no problem and it is pretty easy to crank. It's a good addition to the dirt bike shop I'm building and I will look for another one soon.
I wasn't sure I was going to like this but I love it. It holds a small umbrella and my Powerade Zero (the big bottle) to keep them within reach but not rolling around on my floor. It also helps to keep my purse on the console instead of sliding back into the back seat.
Solid. Fits zero gauge very well Heat shrink is quality
This light bar is amazing! First one I've ever bought and I'm impressed. Put it on my 14 Jeep Cherokee and it looks great. First picture is low beam with fog lights and second is with the light bar on. Country road in Putnam county WV.
Great fit. Will reccomend to my friends and family.
Very fast and consistent scan. Easy to use. I would recommend.
I always see those posts online about trailers being stolen . . . well, not mine ! With this sturdy heavy lock, they will have to spend some serious time to try and get my trailer hooked up. Great product and easy to use.
Love the product, seller sent out right away and we recieved as promised
Really easy to install. Been through several rain showers since we installed it and the bed stayed home dry.
Great job but I think this peace come alone ?
I like the feel and fit
Turn out it add few more mile per gallon. Getting 18-20 mpg on the highway was getting 15-16 average on the highway
I thought my old one (same exact model) of 12 years was broken. Turned out to be my trailer wiring. So I returned the one I bought and am still using my old one. You can't get a better recommendation than that.
Adds a bit of color to my white vehicle.
Until it blew off in a thunderstorm. Not the company's fault I didn't have it secured
Bought these as a birthday gift for my husband. Previously he had some smaller straps from Home Depot that did OK. He was very impressed with these. They are bigger than they look in the pictures, but he liked that. He checked the ratings (which I had already done), and said that there is nothing we could need to tie down that these straps couldn't hold. The first time he used them, he almost broke our roof rack on our SUV. The second time, he ended up snapping a large pile of branches in half on the trailer. They are much stronger than our previous straps. They are also very highly rated on other comparison websites. I googled them before deciding to buy them and found very very good reviews from sites specializing in towing, camping, and off-roading.
Makes driving for long periods of time much more comfortable. Also allows me to roll in and out of the vehicle and hit the ground running.
From the leaves, dirt, rain, and snow, these custom fit car floor bed protectors have been wonderful and saved the carpet of my car. I am very pleased with purchase!!! Worth every penny!!!!
Fast delivery, nice set up, simple to use. Buying another one for my husband.
Wonderful item for replacing old logo on car.
Its nice to get the original equipment at a much better price.
Cute addition to my jeep
THOUGHT IT BE CHEAP AND LOW LIGHT QUALITY, BUT DAM ITS BRIGHT!
Good price. Parts fits.
Fit perfectly and easy to install, look way better then stock and you can tow now
I love how versatile this jump starter is! It's like a swiss army knife with it's multi-function features. I have used this jumper multiple times to start my wife's car every several weeks as she leaves for business trips. I routinely jump two Toyota cars, a BMW and a Suzuki motorcycle. Hard to believe the small size can start cars but it absolutely does with ease. Five Stars!!!
Flexible and yet sturdy!
Fit perfect and easy to install
Easy to install and quite bright. Only time will tell .... at least these things have become inexpensive.
Works great for my two fat tire ebikes, the fold down bar makes loading easy for the inside bike. I wish the tire racks had locks also like the hold down arm. So far very pleased, I've used it about ten times.
no issues installing the product.
This is a great item. Let's you get the extra lift and slope you need to empty your tanks. Lightweight and easy to use/store.
everything fit perfect in this organizer, im thinking of buying more
LOVE LOVE these gloves. Lightweight cool and feel great. Not water proof so be careful but the dry extremely fast
Excellent product! Easy install. Arrived sooner than expected!! Took about 30 minutes. It came with 4 tabs to secure fit as does the OEM I replaced. I did gave to remove the little nipple on the inside for it to fit properly. Overall I really like it!
Now my car blows better
East to install, works great,holds jack securely,looks awesome. Have received many compliments.
I work nights and I use this cover so I'm not scraping my windshield or sitting in the car waiting for it to thaw out. It works really great!
I like the fact that they are easy to clean and durable, unlike the old carpeted ones that often needs vacuuming. This saves me lots of time and energy, often just shake n go!!
Installed this on my pontoon boat. Installation was very simple and it really cleaned up the wiring a lot.
Bought a set for my husband and my dad for Christmas. Both loved them and had a great laugh. Wish they came in different calibers, but if that were the case then they wouldn't be real :-)
Worked great for applying Tahoe fender flares.
Love it. This will stop them from slamming your door as if they are trying to take it off the hinges!!!
Good quality gasket and it was packaged well. Fit great as well.
Best car wash I've ever used
Quality product for your Jeep
Perfect phone mount for my â€˜04 Harley Sportster 1200, very sturdy love the silicon webbing for added support
We haven't had snow yet .... but I put this on the Jeep to measure and see how it would handle. It is great. I am looking forward to not having to worry about the frost or snow on my windshield as I'm leaving for work!!!
Lifted my F-150 great look even now
Had them on for a few month and so far so good. Rides real smooth.
Perfect fit on my 2011 Nissan Rogue. I had to have an auto shop put it on since I couldn't get a bolt off that was holding something for my exhaust system, but they said it was super simple once that bolt came free.
Bought this thing a year ago and finally installed it today. VERY easy installation. Very bright. Almost too bright. My daughter was chasing my dog and ran out in front of my truck when I was testing the lights. My daughter's hair got singed and the dog keeps running into things. I think he's permanently blind. Very good price too.
Great size, bright color! Son didn't put it on car yet, so can't rate it as being easy to apply yet. But happy with size and color!
Dealership was charging $100 just to check what was wrong. Money saved. A little tricky with the installation but easy to figure out. Took about 30 min for me to install.
Just what I needed. No bending needles anymore.
Excellent buy, easy to install and for perfect! Don't have to worry about getting my carpets dirty now!
Works as advertised.
This soap is amazing. I've used it with a foam cannon and with bucket washing. The amount of suds and the silky thick feel is great
Good quality product.
Fit 2019 RAM Big Horn New Body like a glove. From taking it out of the box to complete install it took about 15 minutes. Really easy, very snug fit. Make sure to use the weather stripping towards the cab and on the tailgate so it seals properly. Update: Drove home through a torrential downpour and bed was totally dry.
Perfect for my older Golden Retriever to get in and out of my SUV!
Happy with them so far, wasn't a huge fan of the straps that were included on my shipment, although they worked I scratched and dented my roof of my car already from the metal hooks, so I ordered additional non scratch straps that were easier to use and won't cause any damage
Greatest material around to stop RV leak or leaks of any kind on anything you need to keep water out. Tanks. I use it for countless thing around house and auto, It hold and seals anything. Makes great 2 way tape
This tag cover just looks great I am so glad I got it..
Fits perfectly and looks nice.
Brought for my husband he loved it thank you
2012 Street Glide. Super easy installation, a monkey could do it. Makes my bike look better. Super bright light. Worth the price, worth your life.
Very bright LED lights. Easy to install
Fits nice with the plate.
Very well constructed!
Good product fast shipping and wired with no problems
I have been very happy with the way this battery has performed. I used it for two days in my circular saw. And it only used half a charge. I was very impressed. I have a lot of Ryobi tools and will be getting more of these batteries.
Perfect for our needs, does a great job to clear the water from the glass and it came with replacement blades so it will last a long time.
Product is as stated.
No sling of the tire shine after being driven like most tire shines. After drying, stays on through at least 3-4 pressure washes. Very happy!
Works with out problems
Love these lights they cam in on time, are very bright and work and look great on my blacked out chevy trailblazer as the bulb area itself is dark and not silver like most other lights. Very satisfied and will probably be purchasing more in the future.
They fit fine, look good and work as advertised
Gives the car some character. I work for a school so kids love it. I did not use the suction cups. I have my original Subaru OEM behind to hold up the shape very nicely with double uv protection as this is not the thickest form of sunshade.
Everything going good so far worth the money.
I put off looking for these for years just knowing they were very expensive. Yes, I'm an idiot. They work perfectly, installed easily and I'm very pleased.
Does it's job,works good
Came in good time and was perfect, the straps were perfect fitting!
Strong and lightweight. Allowed me to load a rented power rake into my SUV. Will be renting more equipment since I can load most of the tools in my self.
These key fobs worked prefect with no setup problems. Super transaction !!
Keeps the car very organized~ all of the pockets are nice and like the color.
They were too big round to fit into the existing hole. I made it fit by drilling but I don't recommend doing that yourself.
Made in America and price.
Easy to install and good value
As with the 120mm I purchased ,the brightness is crazy I love them
i recommend this product
Looks good and very easy to install on my 2017 Big Horn..
If you're going to sync your carbs you must have one of these. Simple to use.
Great product for the price.
We bought a lake house in Texas this past March and ever since we moved in we have had this dank, less than fresh, smell in the master bedroom closet. I strategically hung all 4 of 200g air purifying bags in that closet and within 24 hours there was no more stink. These air purifying bags work great!!
Works good, no issues.
Started with a cheapy made socket from my local big box store and that was trash. Returned it and got this and wow is all I can say. Hook this up to a 1/2" breaker bar and those elements will come out with ease and no slipping. Good quality. Will stay as my go to socket in my plumbing kit.
Still looking for the culprit for bad running Pontiac.
Simple and useful vacuum for your car. It's suction leaves something to be desired but it does fine for dust and dirt and hair. The attachments are useful and the cord is really long so there's no concern about using it throughout your vehicle.
It was a breeze to assemble and place this mirror on my office cubicle shelf. I would recommend this mirror to other buyers.
Delivered on time - installed easy - Looks great !!!!!
its grease, makes things greasy
Great headlights! I replaced the original bulbs in my 2017 Volkswagen Jetta GLI with these, and am extremely satisfied. These headlights have just enough of a blueish white hue to appear to be H.I.D. but are not obnoxiously blue; most importantly though, these bulbs provide a significant level of brightness beyond what many competitors provide for the same desired color. I would buy these again in a heartbeat.
Typical Moog Quality
Fit perfectly. The area between the seat and console was constantly a mess. I couldn't keep it clean. This catches every crumb, coin, and paper.
I have a spyder with a high windshield. It fits fine. This one is thicker than the last one I bought 5 years ago. I'll see how waterproof it is this weekend. Rain is expected.
OEM product was perfect fit
i haven't installed the unit yet its for a future yukon rebuild
Makes driving at night WAY easier. Don't get pulled over as much either.
I converted from HID to LED and these were the perfect option to transition. Since I had factory HID prior to the upgrade, I had to make minor modifications to the housing (Hole to get the plug through). The connections needed slight modification to match up to my factory plug, but the pigtails were included in the kit, so with some quick solder seal wire kit I had prior, it made quick work of the connections. I am satisfied with this purchase so far. I want to monitor the longevity of the bulbs, but since they are not susceptible to the shortcomings of HIDs, I am hopeful that they will last.
Hardware seems to be real stainless
I purchased the 30' tow strap and hitch receiver kit and have found it to be very nice quality for the price. I highly recommend this product and this company.
I needed to be able to tie items on my roof racks. These foot ladders are perfect. They easily hook on the car and are strong enough to allow me to step up and stand as long as necessary to do what I need to do on the roof.
this is the best one i have owned over the years, only con is the length when folded, but for how well it works it is a minor inconvience
Love this stuff this is my 3rd bottle.
Looks great. Super easy to install if you've done it before. Way worth the money!
very uesful tool,fine workmanship,easy repaired my car's dent.
easy to install. works very well
This antenna works on my 2011 Chevy Traverse LTZ. It has improved my radio station clarity. I am happy with this purchase.
Durable and customizable Car Trunk Organizer. Excellent product!
Super product, no problems with installation. No downside.
Really only bought this because I wasn't sure how old the unit in my truck is, I suspected a weak coil, and the advance weight pins were worn. Truck runs much better with the all new parts and it's an exact replacement for the factory part. Although it might be made overseas, it seems to be a quality piece for the price.
They worked just fine all the way around. Everything to include plugs and attachment points and brackets were the same as factory.
This was recommended on an automotive site and has a control to keep electricity from flowing back at night. I just plug into the cigarette lighter and lay and dash. It even works on cloudy days! A Great Product for the money!
Worked good liked it for the money and well made
It doesn't need to be very good quality to do the job, but it is the correct tool, as described
This is a really nice stencil decal. I cut the design up to represent my own herd.
Great fit for my Scanner
I love it, it's very easy to install ..... just beautiful
I love mine !! They are amazing !!
has been great on my Jeep Liberty. This and springs raised it 1.5" (back to stock height) at 90,000 miles
These look great on the car and are holding up so far. We'll see how they look after winter :)
Good quality! The kit even comes with cleaning wipes for prep before installing -- be sure to use them!
I have honda accord and need a paint job for my bumper. Tried other stuff but was not satisfied and found this product. At first I was not sure but I had no choice so I bought it and I am so happy I brought this as it was the same copy of my car paint and result cane out satisfying. Totally recommend it.
The price is right & they work great.
Worked great on my 96 road King. All parts looked quality like. Installed very easily
Good product and quick arrival
I was looking to replace the default horn of my car because it sounded like a child's toy, I found this and decided to give it a try. Installation wasn't easy, I had to took apart the car's grill to get to the horn. I could really listen to the difference. I did the installation on November 30, 2017 and up to this date the horn is working fine.
Good product, looks great
Finally, a tie down that is easy to adjust and tighten. I highly recommend this product.
This is pretty useful. We don't use the slot for the tablet, so instead we put books and other stuff in there. Great item.
so far, so good. these give more flow than the typical HF or HD coupler and plug. Comparable to the Milton hi-flow but at a much lower cost. I don't see these as the most durable of connectors, but I think they'll hold up with the slightest amount of care. After all, I don't drop my hoses to the floor or kick them around or drag the ends across the concrete...
Waterproof and perfectly what I wanted for kiddo wrappers and trash. Love that it can go behind the middle console , or behind a head rest!
I need to use a laptop throughout the day while working. This lets me keep it charging as I travel. It's so small it fits easily in the under armrest area of my tiny car.
Good build quality and the perfect size for my little 250
Fast delivery and excellent customer service! Haven't snow in my area, but I have installed as soon as I got the package. It would be awesome cover for keeping snow/ice off windshield in this winter. I bought this larger one so it can be used on a pick-up also. Excellent product, just what I needed.
I've had these on the car for a while now. Perfect fit, easy install just what I needed to feel safe driving the car again. Inexpensive solution to a very expensive OEM repair.
Too expensive, not worth it.
Trunk Cargo Net was very easy to install. Product is well worth the price.
Works perfectly for my 40 oz Hydroflask in my trucks cup holder, now we are going to order another one for my wife's 32 oz Hydroflask.
Great quality for the price. If you know how to convert them to HID even better.
Great little drainer! Fits in our RV sink perfectly, small but gets the job done, and I appreciate the silverware compartments.
The quality of the goods is very good.Tthe merchant delivery speed is very fast.
Perfect fit, easy to install. Watch the video and it will be a breeze!
Easy to install and very bright.
I am very satisfied with this compressor.It is fairly quiet, easy to hook up,So far I have no complaints with this compressor and am very satisfied with the price paid.
perfect fit and seems rugged
With the rainy season coming out was time to invest in some new mats to contain the inevitable mess. Did some research and was recommended these mats. The high lip on the edges help to contain mud, water, and snow. They're water proof and look easy to clean. I love these mats.
Well made, but no screws
Excellent fluid pick up for fast transfer. Cleans up easy, drip dry. Confident vacuum with nicely styled relief valve.
Had one before but it broke
Works good on my drill
Very useful for emergency. We have them in both of our car.
basically just for show, does add some cushion across the collar bone and chest.
Great product's, will buy again, Thanks
THESE LIGHTS ARE VERY BRIGHT, AND PRODUCE A VERY WHITE LIGHT. THEY ARE A GREAT VALUE,GOT THEM QUICK. I WOULD BUY THEM AGAIN. I HAVE ONE THAT HAS DIMMED & IS FAILING. I HAVE CONTACTED THE SELLER & THEY ARE WILLING TO SEND ME A REPLACEMENT BUT IT IS FROM A DIFFERENT MANUFACTURER. THAT IS GREAT THEY ARE WILLING TO REPLACE THE PRODUCT BY I AM CONCERNED IT MY NOT BE AS BRIGHT, SO I WOULD LIKE TO GET A PAIR OF BULBS THAT ARE MADE BY THE SAME COMPANY. MY ADDRESS HAS CHANGED, AND I CAN'T UPDATE THAT INFO. OR PURCHASE A NEW PAIR AT A DISCOUNT? I AM WILLING TO BUY 1 LIGHT & THEY CAN REPLACE THE OTHER, BUT I CAN'T GET THIS INFO TO THEM THRU THE AMAZON WEBSITE EMAIL THAT THEY SEND TO THE SELLER.
It provides a good view of the blind spot, just perfect for me.
Perfect! Came with 3 brand new bulbs already installed.
This stuff is legit. Take a little bit to work the material but once you have it down you're set. 1st time around I messed up. Now I know what to do next time around. For amateurs like myself, youll likely remove the material 5-10 times to get it done on one light. Patience is key.
If you don't have one of these in your life, you don't know what you're missing out on!
Easy install, did not need to remove the bumper. Be careful with the clips on the wiring, they break easily. Great product overall!
I had a minor issue with the lights I ordered, they wouldn't fit and they were white instead of red. I contacted the seller and they were quick to respond and fix the issue.
This TPMS sensor worked perfectly on my 06 Tahoe. It required no programming and the vehicle recognized it right away.
They are excellent I have no complaints!
I bought this to mount the front plate on my 370z. I did NOT want to drill holes in my front bumper to mount plates in the "factory" location, so this mount was the answer and allowed me to use the tow-hook connection instead. Included fasteners are stainless steel with locking nuts. Easy to install. Awesome product.
Why did I put up with hitting my head on that tennis ball all those years? I love this!
Product work perfect in place of the OEM push retainers.
Looks just like the OEM that was on there from the factory, an inch shorter, but I like it that way honestly. WOULD recommend as a replacement if needed.
Same as a dealer would install, and doing myself, and using Amazon Prime, was about 66% less than dealer.
very happy with it and the condition its was in the order
Worked great stopped leak i my Sub Zero refrigerator saved me thousands$$$$
Amazing product and well built
It's small but pretty handy. Fan level is sufficient and not really loud. Great when waiting in the car when ignition off. Like it's design.
These are great to have in your cars. Easy to find and display your papers without shuffling through the glovebox.
They came and we were very happy with them. Went on the vehicle very easily! Great price.
Great product great customer service
It made it easier for long rides, happy that i bought it
Easy to install. Used needle nosed plyers to pull out the old one. works great.
Not as bright as others but work well.
Great condition and the correct part I was looking for
Fit real good, seems to be made real good, thick.
Since I put these signs I haven't had anyone forgetting their items.
Great product and great price. Looks so cuteness in my red Kia! Have had these seat covers for at least 3 months now and no regrets. Easy to wash on gentle cycle.
Works as it should. No issues yet.
The bulb arrived on time and in good condition. It looked a little too big when my husband took it out of the box, but it fit the headlight fixture perfectly on his 1974 Ford 3000 tractor. The light intensity and dispersal pattern is the same as the original.
Easy install, brighter than you would think. Good overall quality.
Been using Fram filters for many decades, consistent quality and function
Exactly what I needed! Came with new pigtail and bulbs/sockets, as well. Plug and play. Best price around and quick delivery, as well!
Plug and Play! Worked like a dream! One day ship took two but all good!
Quality ratchet the flexible handle has its plus and minuses , its great for getting into hard to reach spots but can move when using it normally . Once you get used to it works great.
This is a useful tool to have at home and on the go. It is small and portable. Every driver should have a portable air pump. My husband has a long commute and has a similar item he keeps in his car. On the weekend when we take my car out for the day he would transfer it to my car. I am happy to have my own now that can stay with me when I am out alone. This model has more bells and whistles than the one my husband owns and is also lighter and more compact.
Need to make it more stronger
I love the bars,my husband installed them ,the first bar was difficult and took him a while. The second took no time at all! We allways had them installed so we saved quite a sum, not bad at All, my husband is 71
fit very tight, but in a good way. bulbs are very bright and white! wouldn't hesitate to buy again
had oil leak coming out of push rod cover puddling on top of water pump. I added Lukas stop leak and it took about a month before I started seeing engine top dry of oil. I conclude this product works amazingly well.
This product works great. I had a similar one with only one adhesive strip but this product has 3 which makes it much more effective and less prone to moving
Well made. Lots of functions
It was a direct replacement of the original batteries for the Razor scooter. Fit perfectly and charged right up and lasted the same amount of time as the originals.
I was planning to give it a 4 star simply because they did not include clips or something for you to use in your bed...but honestly the product is good and the quality is great. Makes it a must have for grocery runs in your truck.
Excellent seller. Processed order quickly, product was exactly as described, packaged extremely well. Seller went above and beyond, included a free air freshener as a surprise gift. It was a pleasure doing business with this seller.
The grab bars were easy to attach to the roll bar on our Jeep. They were very secure.
Great product, easy to install
Works great, highly recommend
Love the product. Very bright, clean crisp light
Very good product!!! recommended
Works great, you can not see them very well during the day but at nigh and with fog worked as expected :)
Fit my 95 XJ great. Hatch opens easily now.
Light was broken from a blow out and needed to be replaced. Came on with out any problems. Hope it last long. Gave 4 stars hoping that will be the case.
good product and SO much cheaper than the dealer
Better quality than the one from my local parts store. Also, the tank material is less cloudy than the cheap one, so I can see my coolant level more clearly.
A great bargain over what auto parts ask for them.
Great product, very durable.
Put these on a polaris ev for front turn signal. Bright and decent quality.
I bought this for someone that surfs. He loved it!
It worked , good water pressure!
Had no issues with installation and it is functioning fine.
Super easy to install. Works great. Looks great.
Hubby loves his new toy !!Easy to use and it was a great value for the money.
Excellent helmet , very well built very comfortable , excellent ventilation I live in Florida where every bit of air helps. Would buy it again and recommend .
Excellent product saved about $300 having to take it to a shop
Bought this for our gas grill as to hook up to camper propane supply.
Very good! It can block sunlight very well, and the sunlight in California is very violent. And it won't stop the line of sight.
Great wipers! Super easy to install. Installed in less than 5 minutes. Aero Wiper looks great and very neat. Better than my old RainX wipers. Very sporty too. Delivered extra fast. 5 Stars!
Great look. Good finish. Easy install. Solid hardware. They ARE aluminum which is nice for weight but dispite their appearance, they won't act as rock sliders by any means.
Really nice addition to the motor and super easy to install.
I'd recommend it to my friends as well. I'm very happy with these led's so far.
Excellent aftermarket alternative at a great price.
Pair this with the torque app and your set..
Worked perfectly for my mini bike.
Very bright and silent great product
Fit like a gem, looks great and easy installation
Quick Shipping and perfect fit. No troubles with this purchase
I like da lights but they didn't fit my car
Bought our car used and remote was not included so we bought as a replacement. Works with 2011 Chevy Traverse LTZ.
Does the job just fine so far. Inexpensive too!
Quality item. Would recommend it to anyone.
I trimmed considerable lengths of wire for a custom fit in my truck. If you're OK with soldering and heat shrinking it's an excellent package. No wiring diagram, but if you've done basic wiring it's obvious and easy. The remote works a treat.
Got rid of my death wobble.
Everything is working well, as described.
Great sticker quality. Not disappointed at all. Absolutely beautiful and great size for my chromebook :)
This splash guard set appears to be identical to OEM and fit seamlessly on my 2018 Outback. They came with detailed instructions making for an easy install. There is a minimum of drilling needed but only 1 hole in the bottom plastic rocker panel at the base of each wheel well. They come with a lifetime warranty and appear durable enough to live up to that guarantee.
Easy to operate. Quick, stable reading. Lightweight, compact. I'm completely satisfied with this purchase.
I liked that they work for my application (I was not sure about it) as info on an older toolbox like mine is not the easiest to find. The price was excellent. I replaced the first side and it held up the lid by itself. Really nice not worrying about lid cracking me in the head. Just put on today so will see how long they last. The originals lasted a little more than 10 years so time will tell if the product holds up
I used these on my GMC Sierra. Cops can definitely not say they can't see your license plate with these. They light it up real good.
Sticks to window great. Looks good. Now, if I can only find a cap with that logo ... anyone???
Be really careful not to smear anywhere unintended
The rubber is flexible, but not too thin either. I put outside to "air out" for a couple days, but it really wasn't that bad and didn't smell it at all once I put in car. Was easy enough to trim to the exact size I needed using regular scissors, both on the cut lines as well as off. For the price, I'm considering ordering a second for my husband's vehicle.
My daughter loved these for a project she did So much variety!
Fit like OEM. But then again the OEM one fell off :-(
Great park to hold your phone on the side
Great lights husband loved them..
Great fit, easy to install. Saved $7 from store prices. Car part dealers should be running scared at the competition. FRAM should be very worried too.
Came in a small box and looked expensive. The stickers went beyond my expectations
excellent product... no problems... working perfectly... Running a solar system in Puerto Rico. I have bought three of these.
This is great and so simple. It just slides right onto the brake light and you're done.
Flexible cover for key fob. Yet it stays shiny and stands out among the rest of my keys.
great led light with 7 mode, the light is super bright, it also come with magnet, you can stick it on the hood and check your engine at night.
Instead of rolling around the car floor the water bottle now fit in the holder.
Like everything about the case to protect the battery charging unit!
Wife got this for my Kubota Tractor. Sure makes the seat more comfortable for my old bones. Thanks
So far it's worked good for me. Held my car on the trailer.
it was like the instruction said plug and play had too take all the backing out of it and be careful of the airbag back there. loved how it all went right into place and no cutting wires so nice. well worth getting this product
I really like Synthetic oil's! And mobil 1 is the best
great will buy again.
So far I am very pleased with these LED's. They are bright and provide very good coverage. Installation was a breeze and the ty-straps came in very handy
Just bought 2016 equinox needed extra security to protect my car works great now don't have to worry anyone try to steal my gas
I like the brightness of the lights and the plug and play. They added allot if visibility at night for me.
Part was exactly what I needed! Motor is usually not the problem, it's the piece for sale here. Read other answers and reviews to install. Remove both back seats after separating them. Pop off the 4" wide trim below the window. In order to remove the long section, you must remove the pulley from the end, then pull the thin cable through each side of the seat belt bracket. Pry the bracket forward some to get the cable through. You have to do the same procedure to install the new long cable. Pry open the pully piece to reseat the jacket part of the cable back inside the pulley. You need to work the driver side first. Push the new long cable back into the metal clips that hold it. With a twisting action, insert the pully into the end of the window rail. Slide cable towards the window, be sure to get it under the black plastic clip on the rail. Slide end ball of cable into the window. Now work the Pass. side. Insert the ball into the window first, then pop the pulley into the end of the frame. You'll have to pull hard to get the pulley past the end of the frame. Pop new clip to the right of the pulley. Insert the bottom of the drive pulley into the truck frame then (after removing the yellow retainer) insert the screw to tighten down the drive pulley. Reinstall all trim pieces and seats. Be careful not to break the anti-rattle pieces on the seat brackets. Lubricate the window rails so the window doesn't drag, which could cause the drive to fail again. I actually did this step first, and opened and closed the window by hand to lubricate it.
Good grease for boats. Highly recommend
I like the Customer service
Great value! Works as well as the $500 ones
Very easy to use. Excellent product!
Very good quality and original looking. Pleased with purchased.
They took about 45 seconds to install on my 2017 Touareg. They are awesome.
Looks like my car mileage increased a little bit by changing both air filter and cabin air filter. Fresh air through the vents.
This was a drop-in replacement and it works just fine
Works like new, good price too.
Product just as described and came quickly. Perfect fit!
very good pump, good volume and pressure, low noise.
You can not beat the price. Easy to install
So far so good nice and sturdy. They look like they will protect my seats very well
2019 Chevy Z71 crewcab. Pros : Better then stock Rancho shocks. Rides better . Handle bigger load and rear end doesn't sag when hitched to my boat . Cons : Lifts rear end an inch . Will need a 2nd Jack to push the shock on due to the coil springs resistance .
Fast charging and very reliable. Lighting is great. LCD display is easy to use. Holds the power very well. Solid performance. I really like this product.
Exactly what was expected
Installed this yesterday without any problems. I was worried the tiny copper washer wouldn't seal properly against the oil pan (the outside diameter is very small), but it looks like it's holding up. Looking forward to trying the oil drain functionality at my next oil change.
After using these I wouldn't even consider the fancier twice as expensive self setting ones. If I ever need another set I will buy these again. My family and I go to the dunes all the time and needed these for our truck and camper to get out on the sand. Saved us a good hour or more.
Seems to be a well made solid gauge, just what I needed to replace one on an air tank.
Love them. Great quality looks perfect. I had my mechanic put them on. Perfect!
Great deal for two lights! I put one on my motorcycle and it lights up the whole road! Still have an extra one in the box.
I've gotten so many compliments and I absolutely love it
Use for d.i.y on a small backpack did its job but some fell out after awhile but it's something i feel its normal to occur
very easy to install
Passenger window would not go up from the passenger control. Figured it had to be the passenger window switch. Nope... So I looked at the schematic, and both drivers and passenger switch will have to be fully functional in order for both passenger and drivers window switches to work (when using the passenger side switch, the drivers side provides the ground and vice-versa). So I ordered this switch, and all is now right with the world.
They're a good quality
This set did a great job on my black wheels. Highly recommend!
Love it. Fit, quality,all of it. I have land up in the mountains so I haul everything. Logs,rock,large rock 150lbs and up,tools.You name it,over ruff road.Nothing has even left a mark.
Used to work on my truck
Living in Minnesota where the winters are long and snowfalls are frequent, I wonder why I didn't purchase one of these a long time ago..! Fits my Hyundai Elantra perfectly, and the bungee cords/hooks keep the cover firmly in place - even in a strong wind. I especially like the mirror covers - one less surface to scrap off the ice and snow! Easy and quick to place on car and attach, and just as easy and quick to remove and get on your way. Quality material and well-made. Happy with purchase and highly recommended!
The Cerakote Ceramic Trim Coat Kit came very quick after ordering. Even ordering through Amazon, my package was delivered the very next day. I was unable to use the product for the first week I had it, but finally got around to using it yesterday. In the main package there were 10 individually packaged wipes, and two pairs of gloves. I thoroughly washed and dried my vehicle prior to applying the Cerakote. I even went as far as to use my air compressor to make sure the surface was completely dry. One thing that I think some people forget to do, is to make sure that the surface they are applying the product to is cool to the touch. I chose a small area of my vehicle to try this on, but one that need to be restored. I carefully applied the Cerakote Trim Coat to the bumper cover, being careful to only get it on the plastic and not on the paint. Applying small, short strokes of the wipe seemed to do the job. Immediately you could see the old dull area become shiny and dark black. Once I was done, and about 30 minutes after application, I took my after pictures. So far it seems like a great product, and I will look this evening to see if anything has changed. I plan to use this next on the inside of the vehicle to liven up some dull, worn out areas. I look forward to great results and a continued future using the Cerakote Ceramic Trim Coat Kit.
I received the wrong, used product in the mail.
Great product for my camper.
For the price is an Excellent machine.
Easy to install but doesn't come with clamps
Sure you can buy a $700 front bumper but for the cost this bumper is the best you could ask for! Absolutely love the look and love the durability!
The price was phenomenal. The dealership and a separate auto shop tried to tell me this costs 50 or more dollars. Got it for 17 and installation was easy! Saved me a buttload of money. Thanks!
Worked as advertised. Quality looks and feels good. Fits ny 2008 camry hood.
on time and as described
Everything is here in this kit to get the job done. Just watch the quick video on YouTube on how to correctly change the oil and filter and replace using this kit.
I did a ton of research before buying this scanner. It seems to be all of what I need as a full-time mechanic. The ability to bleed the ABS pump and supplemental safety systems were the two biggest advantages for me. As to the quality of the unit. It appears to be very durable. Would I buy this again? Hell yes.
What can I say, they do what a bulb does.
Perfect fit and easy to install. Lights up pretty good and looks good. Hopefully it last a long time.
Not much to say. They are gas can spouts. The work like the originals.
taillight for 2012 F250 fits perfect looks the same as the one he replaced.
Great product, fast shipping!
I use this product on very tough to clean windows near the ocean. the windows are covered with salt after the winter. This product is easy to use and very effective.
Listen I have paid for other grills that when I received it looked great but the tabs were to short and then broke under light pressure. These show a slight and I mean slight barely noticeable gap between bumper trim and top of grill. They look amazing and got like a glove. A+
Way cheaper than local parts store so hopefully durable enough. Not an easy job because its hard to get old motor out but its not complicated just tricky. One thing to note is that the solenoid bolt is not the same size as the oem bolt so I suggest you make sure you have the right sockets/wrench size with you before you crawl under the truck to fit this one... it comes with a locking bolt on the posts which is better than my OEM so less risk of stripping post if over tightened and it comes with new bolts which is just as well as the old ones were corroded to death
ABSOLUTLY Love this. Fits perfect on 2009 Ram. Good strong construction ,easy snap on and off. This item is well worth every penny spent. Im very very happy with this product.
Good quality. Key fits good in case
Definitely recommend. Great to have back ups for my kids ipads. I have been used a lots of cables, This is my favorite. General line is too short, I like to lay on bed playing with mobile phone when charging, Always bent. This line solves this problem. Very convenient. And the quality is also very good! Excellent quality cable at a very good price. Great purchase. Arrived quickly & works as expected.
The light kit comes with everything you need. I drive a Honda Fit and the strips reach perfectly for my car. My favorite color is green and that's the only color I have it set. Once it stops raining I'll up load night pics to show.
Product was exactly as described. They are genuine Honda wipers and, after looking at youtube video, were a breeze for my husband to install. Also, the price for the set was excellent. Thank you.
super good service thank you amazon I highly recommend