The roll came in a box marked grape jelly... in the the mail which stayed in my box for 2 days 90 degree wether... It was pre frozen. Which drives it out....not alot of pumpkin taste for which I dare tried it... but cheap...
Had 10 days to deliver still not here
I never got my stuff
Complete waste of money and false advertising. On the pictures it seems like it would taste good but when you get the product it is clearly not right. Do not buy this for your kids or yourself.
Very poorly packaged and handled during shipping. One of the packs of coffee had busted open and was all over everything in this shipment.
Didn't like flavour and didn't mix-up/dissolve well.
I ordered the Hot Mama pickles and they sent me Sour Sis. I had bought them for my husband for his birthday. By the time his birthday arrived and he opened them it was too late to return. Now I'm out all that money for pickles he won't even eat!! NOT happy!!!
I drink tea constantly, and one of my favorites is by this company. This tea, however, is disgusting and totally undrinkable to me. I am so sorry that I wasted my money, and if I could I would give in no stars.
Came melted with the wrappers stuck to the candy. Had to throw it out. A total mess. No packing insulation in the shopping box.
I ordered lemon-lime tootsie pops, the package label also said so but I received lemon tootsie pops instead!
Item arrived with cap broken, 50% gone/dumped all over the box. Box leaked all over me and stained my shirt and pants
I had to throw this away. I really wanted to like it and tried everything! I added cheese and butter, broiled it, toasted it, even with bacon added to the cheese and butter, it was still spongy and inedible.
Purchased this two pack as I needed one bunny for each Grandsons basket! Only one grandson got a bunny the second was crushed to a blob! Used the one disposed of the other as it was too late too replace!
Did not grow and can't return the mix . Please dont buy from them . Total waste of money !
Kiddo, who loves other Fiber One products AND anything cookies and cream, couldn't finish the bar because it was chalky. The crumbles stuck to teeth. We had to give away the rest of the box to homeless.
Product I received was completely different than the one I ordered.
Hard as a rock, could not use.
Have used this brand before with no issues. This batch all the pods had grounds in the coffee. Tried another brand to ck the machine--no issue. Amazon did refund the cost with no hassle.
I've had this before and tasted great. However this batch tasted spoiled. Can't return! Very frustrating
This tastes like liquid splenda. The aftertaste is horrible. Now I'm stuck with two bottles of syrup that I don't want to throw away because they cost money and I know will stay in the shelve until I give up. Bought it after a FB page continued to rave about it but obviously she's getting paid because I don't know how else you can recommend this product. Monk fruit is not a tasty sugar substitute.
terrible taste to hard will not be buying this no more do not recommend
These orange juice (small bottles) tasted as if the dates were expired long back...they do not taste even 10% close to the fresh one you buy in grocery store....stay away.
Ordered on the 11th of July and here it is the 24th and still no order has arrived
Bag has a hole in it from delivery. Flax seeds are in the delivery box not the flax seed bag
Product came already open and falling out.
They came with an expired date. Couldn't return because I threw the shipping box away. Be sure to check the date before you dispose of the shipping box. I'm stuck now
This is the worst product ever tastes like plastic very disappointing
Says delivered, to a parcel locker...somewhere? No address given, no key, no info. Was NOT delivered to me. People were home, this was not even attempted to be delivered.
They arrived very hard and only one of them was soft still I don't know if this was a defect.
I've been drinking these for years. When they changed the formula, it ADDED SUGAR, tastes WORSE, AND often LEAKS. Totally unacceptable, especially for how expensive these are. I've called Gevalia numerous times to try and explain why then need to go back. Seems EVERYONE liked the old formula better. And it was healthier for you. FAIL!
Container was cut open and packing tape shoved in the bottom. Unacceptable!
I have ordered this before and haven't had this happen!
did not received yet Victor
Help me to understand why I paid for bags of gummy worms that only had one or two worms in a lot of the bags? Complete rip off!
One fell on the floor, dog rejected. That's how bad it is
This is my second beef jerky review. Funny this is also the second mistake I made ordering beef jerky that a lot of people have bagged on. I like beef jerky, I like wagyu beef, I like truffles... put this combination together and I thought I would be in hooked, but after trying it I almost had to gag it down it was so awful. No offense to those of you who do enjoy it. I think the texture was spot on. It was not greasy or too hard or too soft. I just found all three flavors horrible. I gave the rest away along with the first batch of beef jerky I reviewed. I unfortunately cannot recommend this. I will keep looking and trying to find that ultimate beef jerky.
I never received this product, which is very disappointing. I did receive a refund from Amazon however I would have preferred the product
This was our first time trying this brand of coconut wraps. We usually use Sun Foods brand. We thought, let's try these... they are a little bit cheaper. Turns out that decision was a mistake. When I went to request a replacement due to damage... the item does not allow returns (apparently not even for damaged product). Normally I would make an assumption that this was an isolated case. But upon inspection of the packaging, I discovered the plastic is very rigid. So it seems to me that it this may be a common issue. More pliable plastic would have more bend/give rather than just cracking and breaking.
has a weird taste. Packing is different from what I normally order from Fiji website.
These Twix bars are produced in the Netherlands; they do not taste the same as US-produced Twix, so if you are expecting the US version, you will be disappointed. The expiration date on the lot I purchased was 2 days after the shipment was delivered.
With shipping and tax ,this cost me almost $30, for the most awful muffin I've ever had in my life... incredibly salty (despite no added salt to the mix), bitter, mushy texture.
This product did nothing for the inflammation in my knees. Maybe my symptoms are to far gone.
My order didn't come
Tasteless. Tossed them
I wanted to work my way through most of these assorted coffees before I posted my experience ... and I would bet that 60 to 70 percent of my cups have had bad, old, expired coffee! I have simply been pouring out most of the cups because of the awful taste. I will not order this again.
I received these all broken. Very disappointing as I needed them for a cake decoration and I now don't have the time to reorder.
Zero stars if I could. States 420 coins. Only got 320. Need to find an additional 100 by Wednesday.
Do not order from Tora foods. This is the best tea, but I never received it. Need this for daily living. Not happy.
I ordered Maple Pecan k cups for my last two orders and was sent sugar cookie.
Bag arrived ripped open with candy strewn about the box and some of the candies were partially unwrapped - I'm throwing the whole thing away
I know that the internet record says that the product was delivered to my home yesterday. That is mistake , as I was home all day & did receive another item later in the day . delivered by UPS, the AMAZON delivery never went to my home. Please advise as to how soon this can be corrected. Thank you Frank W.
This is a tiny block of cheese. It should be $4.
Ordered Illy in bulk from this seller and once arrived coffee was less than 1 month from expiration. Amazon refunded product. Check your expiration dates!
Purchased in January 2019 and "Best By" date printed on bag was Sept 2018. Very disappointing!
Half of my stems came with no flowers because they all fell off during shipping.
Candy was all melted, very unprofessional!!!!!
Received it and they are all damaged meaning broken in pieces. And no return or replace so I'm stuck with broken gumballs!
once again Harry and David failed to deliver a product on time despite ordering in plenty of time for my requested date. Never again will I purchase form Harry and David
These taste gross. If you add too much it tastes like medicine 🤢
Extremely bitter and have a weird taste to them. I though it might have been the flavor but they all taste that way. Disgusting:(
THE FLAVOR OF THE POPCORN ISN,T EVEN CLOSE TO CHEESE,, THEY TASTED LIKE SHIT!
One bag was about two months still in date, but the other bag was already expired by about a month. I purchased this at the end of April 2018.
The product was shipped in time, but not in tact. 4 out of 6 packages were crushed to almost dust and not edible. Makes for a very disappointing purchase.
Stale, sent a note with no response. I asked for a refund or fresh replacement... please make this right.
I'm not a person who leaves bad reviews on products unless necessary. But this Juice from Raw tasted so gross to me. The Pine-Apple Mint was the only one I was able to drink. I felt like with the greens, I was literally eating grass. The Detox had to much dandelion in it for me. And I had to choke down the Sweet Greens. The spicey lemonade was too spicey for me. I am really disappointed in this Juice from Raw, I couldn't even get through one day! I would be returning this item if I could.
Doesn't work. I wanted a more natural alternative but after several uses (following the directions) my drain still drains slowly. Haven't noticed any improvement.
I taught it was the Do si dos last year. It is current cookies sold this year. I could have purchased from a Girl Scout cheaper
This stuff is so bitter and the powder is brown, can't even taste the goodness of green tea. Yuck, no idea how there are any good reviews.
Almost half of these had opened so I spent an hour before service distinguishing which ones I had to throw away and which ones were still usable and then cleaning the sticky off of the usable ones.
One of the bottles was broken when I opened the box. Leaked all over the other items in the box
So just received my jar and we were looking forward to try their tea. Not organic as advertised. A huge disappointment
My problem with this product is the amount of oil,it was to much for me.
Item arrived in pieces. It was crushed by the large bubble packaging and unusable in my child's spring basket. I found them at Target for $3.99 instead.
Item was open in sealed shipping envelope. White powder was everywhere in envelope. Amazon says it can't be returned I'll call.
Does not froth in a Nespresso foamer. Very disappointed and a waste of $13.
STALE! Hard as a rock! Do not buy these! I order these once a month and twice so far the package has been old. And the worst part is the item is not eligible for return.
This is a con! Overpriced and repackaged.
All products look like they curdled prior to being shipped. Very disappointed and had ya throw everything out. I'd like a refund.
Product damaged (not from amazon packaging), but was damaged before being sent to me:( (see attached image) Has a slice through a part and peanut butter oozing out. Could be contaminated & obviously won't eat it. Of course this product has a no return policy which is unacceptable & very frustrating!😡
These are nasty. I thought it'd be little chocolate tootsie rolls covered with the same candy that's on their lollipops, but it's not. They taste like chemicals. There's not even tootsie rolls inside them. So gross 🤢
I would like a refund. The packages were burg open upon delivery.
Not very good at all compared to other brands. Squishy and gritty texture. They did arrive on time and looked delicious.
Not Sure why this Was sent to me this way waiting for a response
Obviously a great product, but one of the two bottles arrived smashed, and it isn't eligible for returns, so will never order again. Not worth it. If there was a return policy, maybe.
Ordered chocolate milk and did not receive it and then I learn that this item is ineligible for return. My child tasted the one I received - hates it. So I am stuck with $30 worth of Milk that I didn't order.
I ordered the Hot Chow Chow and received the mild Chow Chow two days late. This is a non-returnable item so I'm stuck with it. I can buy mild anywhere. The Hot is hard to find. Disappointed with this supplier.
All three of them had a rotten side to them
Pretty disgusting taste, even my dog would not eat it!
Don't know if this is a good product. Since it was packaged with car wash liquid that destroyed the packaging and it was falling out of the box like sand
I have tried a variety of different sweeteners and this is probably the worst tasting I've tried.
This product is only 2.99 per box at any store. This price is more than twice as high. I wont be buying this product from Amazon anymore. So much for free shipping. I could have bought 4 boxes for what you charged me for 2 boxes
These pale in comparison to the real thing. Don't be fooled! they are weaker, less tasty, and generally underwhelming in taste, consistency, froth, and aroma. Not worth the effort.
Do not buy. Seller will send expired product & will not respond to your inquiries. Amazon will not help. You will not receive a refund. You will get stuck with stale product.
Didn't care for this. Not organic enough. Gave headache.
Two shipments in a row..... the contents are destroyed :(
I purchased 48 cups of Quaker Real Medleys ON PRIME DAY, 36 of the cups expire in 1 month!!! 1st of all I do not eat hot cereal every day, even if i did selling a "non perishable" product with only 30 days of shelf life IS A VERY POOR PRACTICE!!!! Especially without making it clear to the buyer SHAME ON YOU AMAZON!!!!
These were very hard and no favor. I tried them and after 2 bites I just threw the rest in the trash.
I did not receive order.
I usually love this oatmeal. Ever since being diagnosed with Celiac I have eaten this oatmeal almost every morning. Just recently purchased a case with the "new look" and "same great taste" and it doesn't taste at all the same. I use water and have to use much less with the new batch. It seems to have more sugar and less oats?? Very unfortunate as it is an easy and safe go to for someone without a lot of options.
Ordered 2 jars and on jar leaked during shipping. What a mess!!!
Product came damaged, unusable
I was to receive a pack of 6 instead I received only 1 so I spent $10 for 1 pack. What a ripoff
Ordered two cans with prime, never received them after 4 days. I got a refund and bought elswhere.
The fact that the majority of my cans look like the photo above! Afraid to open cause they may explode in my face! Very disappointed!
I buy this coffee alternative every few months. Today, I received it and the bag had turned into a hard rock! I hit it on the counter to see if it would break up. It did somewhat but there are large chunks in the bag that I won't be able to use. Sadly, when I went onto Amazon to return it, I found out the item was NOT returnable! Perhaps that will be my last purchase of this product.
Disgusting and strange bitter taste. I would send them back but it would take too long to get new ones shipped to HI.
False advertising. Only received one 3oz pack.
I tried to contact Anthony's and they refuse to reply. this is not real Ceylon, it is cassia. DO NOT BUY. I am out the price of the product because it is not eligible to return.
Colors were very dull and the red was orange. Not red orange but orange orange.
I subscribed to receive 4 packages every 4 month and 1 only received 1 package.
Super disappointed! This is not CLOVE flavored gum.
NOt happy that they were melted
The flavors were ok, but the texture was meh. The flavor died almost immediately.
It's packed in India.
Tiny box full of cheap candy you can get for $10. NOT WORTH THE MONEY AT ALL
The only thing I kind of liked was the flavor of one of the packs. But the mushrooms were not good at all. I gave them to my dogs. Smh... I am really disappointed because I love mushrooms and wanted these to be good.
I never received my order. When I contacted them to let them know they said it's the usps fault. I tracked package as they asked and updated them. 4 days later no reply! No refund! No replacement!!! Terrible customer service!!!
Boxes are covered in powder from several open packets and several packets are rock solid, unusable.
Love this stuff, but I found out it's cheaper almost anywhere else ... in person or online. Shop for it somewhere else.
Or the same as they were years ago. Had more of a sweet taste. Was not good to make stuffing
My product had mold on it when I received it. I'm requesting a refund.
This was terrible. Shipping was slow, bread tasted bad, the texture was like undone banana bread. Very expensive mistake on my part. Not good.
I would give this 5 stars on the product, dropped the rating because of the delivery. I was present when the courier THREW the package out the driver's window onto the driveway vs. exiting the vehicle to place the package close to house. I hope that Amazon or the vendor contact the courier company to lodge a complaint - there is NO EXCUSE for laziness, suppose the product had been fragile? We are on a monthly delivery schedule with this vendor and have been happy until now; hopefully something positive results from this negative posting....
I would give it 0 stars if i could! Stored in a cool, dry place,these packets have spoiled in under 4 months
They smell good. But other than that they're not great. They're nothing like a real New York bagel my friend brought me one last week which is why I was craving another one. These are like store bought they have not much flavor at all. I would say save your money. Or have a friend send them to you from New York. Really disappointed. On the bright side they did come right away. Sadly they just aren't good!
Received Items this evening. One of the bottles spilled on the box due to a loss cap!
don't be fooled - price is for ONE can of soup!
Did not receive the package
On the search for an Organic mild Coffee bean, I came across these. These beans taste awful. They have a strong acidic and bitter taste. I tried a couple of different beans from Jo Coffee but could not find any good tasing ones so far. Unfortunately not many Organic beans out there. I will try other brands.
First I must say, I have never received anything I ever ordered from Amazon arrive in this condition. The pictures are worth a million words. I'm disappointed.
I have purchased this item multiple times with no issue until today. The box I received expired in mid-July, 2018. Nearly 5 weeks ago. Please check the dates on your box before discarding the cardboard. Very disappointed.
Very strong chemical taste
Amazon packed the Burt's Original Thick Cut Potato Chips in the same box as the V-8 Juice I ordered. The chips arrived crushed. I was VERY DISAPPOINTED with Amazon for doing such a STUPID thing! For other customers in the future Amazon should pack crush-able items with like items, or separately.
I ordered lemon lime and got this bull crap instead and I'm pissed about it. Lemon lime is my favorite and now I'm screwed. I want my money back or the lemon lime like I ordered!!!
Colors are pale, not what is shown on the image. Ended up not using, policy states no refund. Disappointed!
This was gross! And it has a lot of carbs!! Yuk!!
Lid was open when arrived and mustard was coming out. I could smell the mustard before opening the envelope. Attempted to refund and item is not eligible. Soooo, lost my money.
Out of the pack of 12, only 2 were salvageable. The rest were severely dented. I could not tell if I was blatantly sent dented cans or if it was just the poor packing.
Do not waste your money. Product came damaged and not as described. Will never order from again especially since there is no returning.
I purchased 5 different skinny syrups and not one is worth keeping. The smell of the syrups alone is a turn off but the flavors absolutely not palatable.
The product arrived without ice pack and was melted and unusable. Terrible vendor. No contact after complaint, nor has amazon bothered to address complaint either.
This product did not work. Use keifer grains.
We enjoy this cider as a nice low carb winter beverage. I can no longer find it locally so I was happy to see it available at Amazon. However, when I received my order it consisted of only one box of cider mix, not the three that I was supposed to get. I am not happy with this purchase.
Fast delivery was great. Flavor is not what it claims for a caffeine free coffee replacement I bought multiple flavors ,was a coffee drinker for 25 years any flavor or temperature due to health and medications cannot tolerate caffeine it took attempts to actually get coffee flavor (3 bags) have also a package of grounds not tried yet.Very disappointed won't be buying again
I have never been so disappointed in a company as I was today! The item they sent was labeled Anise but in fact was Oolong tea!!! Don't buy this product as it is not anise!
Tasted like regular coffee to me... I bought 3 different flavors to try hoping I'd find one that I could make at home instead of going to the gas station everyday. It might just be me though, I don't like regular coffee. 🤷🏻‍♀️
Disgusting. Has dark brown powder inside bag and flavor isn't right.
The price is way too high can get it at half the price at the local grocery store, cannot return item, what a loss
I'm so disappointed !!! this parmigiano was package in a sealed plastic bag ( most probably the seller didn't have enough of the cheese I ordered so he put a piece of another kind of cheese in the same plastic bag) and to top it all up, it was put in a cardboard box without any protection or the usual foam box to protect the item from the heat...in conclusion, I received 2 pieces of melted cheese!!! Not Amazon standards !!!!!
One bottle was broken during shipment, but it's impossible to contact seller to make a complaint and get a replacement as they have no contact options
Says it was delivered today. I did not receive this product today.
Is very thin almost like water and has no taste. Save your money and buy Prego or Hunts
Tulips I received never really opened. They died without even opening. Not the best gift for MOM.. Really dissapointed.
It's the worst purchase i have ever made. It tastes so much better at home in India. I feel they've made it really bland to sell here in America. It's also pretty old to be sold. Please don't put out your expectations too high if you're from India and have tasted this at home. Also overly expensive and I really regret wasting my money. I wish I had done something better
The cookies arrived crumbled. I would like a refund please. I purchased two boxes.
Falsely advertises that Figurine is included. None in box.
Arrived in crushed pieces. Very unhappy.
As much as I wanted, to try this product I could not. The seal on both bottles was cracked and in pieces with the contents leaking out...ugh! I just threw the entire thing out. My recommendation: package your product in a box with filler not in a flimsy envelope so it doesn't break and leak. Needless to say, I won't be buying this again. So disappointed.
Not as good as I thought it would be
The picture for the product looks nice, but it has no presentation box, it was supposed to be a present. The tea bags are in a brown cardboard box and it is nonreturnable.
Well I would have loved to have the strawberry watermelon flavor but I was sent strawberry lemonade instead so I really don't know I can't reviews something I never received the company sent out the wrong flavor
Product, 2 boxes full. Arrived leaking. Would not purchase from this vendor again.
I don't understand how people are giving this five and four stars. It has to be the most discussing instant potato mix that I have ever made. I do use the other varieties of potato mixes - and enjoy the flavor - but not with this. Like another reviewer asked, what am I going to do with the other six packages. I will be buying real sweet potatoes during the growing season and freezing them.
I didn't never receive them because they was deliver to the wrong house
What arrives is nothing like what the picture states. Hardly ANY candy of which shows in the picture. 3 Graham Crackers... the pictures shows a bunch. Could have done better going to the store and buying the special candy you want and would have been less expensive than this. The pictures are exactly what was in the boxes as you can see for yourself! NOT worth the money! Never again!
This product sat on top of my garbage can all day. It got very hot and is no good. It could have been set on the front porch in the shade.
Tacky to charge such high prices for SAMPLES Also, Stevia is an after thought ingredient, after the usual fake sweeteners. Mf,
These arrived hard as a rock. They were not fresh as they are expiring in just a few months.
Love this product. But have to rate it poorly as the best by day on one box has passed, and on another the date is today. If you advertise that the product may be beyond the best by date, then I guess that would be ok. I'm generally not strict on these dates, but hold more weight when it comes to my child
Deceiving!! First off if mix correctly by using 2 tbsp of mix with 7 oz of water it taste great. If you buy the packets of this which contain 2 tbsp it taste great. The instructions on the canister says 1 tbsp. And it says you get 20 servings. Wrong. You get 10 servings if mixed correctly. So there is no bulk savings. Ripoff.
Horrible!!! I ordered and had shipped priority ... all arrived broken!!! 😡
Packing was horribly done
Product arrived melted and it doesn't qualify for refund. Not worth the cost.
The product shipped fast! However, they are gross and tough to chew. Im really disappointed because everything about them looked good. Don't buy them, you're better off taking a Fenugreek vitamin and eating oatmeal for breakfast. I do take Fenugreek everday but wanted a little more boost since I don't eat oatmeal often but these are not worth it.
I received the bag but it was all so sticky some of the candies i guess had melted so there was no way i could of used them so they had to be trashed. I was going to use them for candy bags couldn't use sticky candy for that. I ordered other types of candy too with this order and had no issues was disappointed.
These are not gluten free. The seller put incorrect product information on the package. this is also smaller than expected. NOT CERTIFIED GLUTEN FREE.
healthy and attractive plant. Had to change my review as this plant decided to drop every leaf and the new growth died in the last 4 days. Very disappointed as was such a pretty plant.
Item has holes in packaging- please send refund or replacement ASAP. I will not use this product
Very disappointed,color is tan not white like the first brand I bought. Has a strong odor. Didn't have a good flavor or texture. Not returnable so was a waste of money can't see using it again. I don't know if I'll buy another Anthony's product again Don't know if I'll buy another Anthony's product again.
Buyer beware!!! What I received is NOT Charmin Ultra Strong Toilet Paper 9 Mega Roll!!!! It is a cheap knock off!! Even packaging was bizarre. DO NOT ORDER ANYTHING FROM "BAY AREA MARKETPLACE!!!" Plus, they have a "no returns" policy. Clearly a scam. Very disappointed in Amazon for allowing counterfeit products to be sold on their website!!!
The products arrived in two seperate boxes. Walking towards them, I noticed both had oil stains saturating the lower portion of the boxes. After opening the boxes, one bottle of olive oil had the cap slightly open causing a leak and the second was damaged causing a leak in the plastic bottle. Oddly, the only wrapping around the bottles, to protect them from damage, were UPS shipping envelopes. No wonder why they were damaged and leaking!
Bought this for the wife...she tried it on some chips and had to through away the whole batch. Said the cheese tasted old and stale. Very disappointing.
The displayed image shows that it has Calcium 20% and higher quantity of other ingredients. What they send has Calcium 0%, Iron 0%. Very disappointed!!
Absolutely horrible tasting. No amount of dip could cover up the thick, crunchy, grossness. Not to mention pricey for the tiny bag.
Very bland tasting and over-priced whole food brand.
It did not taste like clove at all
I really like the RX bars. However, these bars arrived in a mailing park instead of a box. Some of them were smashed and most of them tasted dry and old. I was not a happy customer.
Did not like the taste. Guess there is a difference between Vanilla and French Vanilla
Horrible. Will never order again. It was the joke of the party.
product has a freshness date of February 21, 2019 and i get package on February 4th. How do you expect me to finish 24 bottles of orange juice in 17 days
This would have been the easiest 5 star review... if I had actually recieved the blood orange flavor, but some genius decided that regular orange is close enough to blood orange and sent it to me. Ok... mistakes happen, no big deal right? Usually it isn't, but the vendor will not return emails or fix their mistake. Long story short don't buy from this vendor
Bag was opened. Everything came smashed
Horrible! Plastic container arrived broken and cracked! One box contained pouches that had leaks and there was hot Choclate powder everywhere! I literally had to trash this and find another gift option
I love chai tea. My husband just got a Keurig and I figured it would be easier if I could just make the chai tea in it. I ordered this we made it on Sunday morning I took one sip and dumped it. It was absolutely horrible. All you could taste was the sucralose.
Terrible.. roses looked wilted and burnt
Usually a fan of light roast to use in our breville espresso machine for lattes, but VERY disappointed in the taste. We tried several grind sizes and amounts, but each drink came out tasting watery. As soon as we switched back to other beans coffee tasted better. Not a fan!
My order never arrived and I've contacted the customer service but never heard from them. I've been robbed.
I ordered sugar free but was sent regular and cannot return it. Be careful, Amazon helped.
I have not purchased Major Grey chutney since my husband passed six years ago. It was a favorite of his! Recently decided to stock it in my pantry and when my Amazon order arrived I was disappointed to find it no longer contained pieces of fruit!! Instead it is a somewhat thin jelly--I will no longer buy it. Considering the cost, I will make my own!
What arrive to was not all pink but the fav-reds I could have gotten those at Walgreens for half the price
I bought them once and really loved them so I ended up ordering like 6 boxes (about 24 packets). I've eaten almost all of them and am down to my last box, but realized today that these were expired before I even placed my order. Like what?!?! Luckily haven't gotten food poisoning yet but they really need to check their inventory.
Normally these are the best corn husk but this last batch I received was not acceptable. Corn husk were so small I can't use them. No return. Wasted money. Disappointed
This product tastes horrible and doesn't mix well. On top of all this, there is a no return policy on this product. The seller needs to make this right!
Isn't that great, doesn't taste like another product that I have had it actually had made me sick. Also it had made me go to the hospital because of abdominal pain and I didn't know it wasn't packaged right. The reason I say it wasn't package right is because it didn't have the silica gel in it and that's how I know my stuff is fresh or is kept fresh with the silica gel and these things were hard and they didn't have the resilience are the bounce back as another product I got not from this person.
The product is way sweeter than the original offering. It was also way thicker than the original. This should have been an invisible switch. The product was gooey and not like a cream at all. The sweetness was almost too sweet for my taste.
i heard so many amazing things about ww bars and how yummy they were! So naturally I was very excited. When i received the item and tried one of the bars it tasted like an optavia bar. which to my taste buds not yummy. When i tried to return at least one box they dont accept returns so now im stuck with these bars in my house
I love the flavor but this product came unpackaged and loose in Box. Not in original packaging.
The package was left in the sun on my front porch and was melted by the time I was home from work. Packed only in a cardboard box, nothing to keep it cool. Disappointing.
Nasty, didn't mix at all. Tasted disgusting.
It came in open and the crazy part is that the seal was still attached it came open on the other side, not good at all , they were all over the box since it came open very disappointing.
I would like to bring to your attention, that twice now I have placed an order for two packages of this item, and in these two instances only one package is being shipped.
Very disappointed when it arrived without proper packaging. The candy wrap was opened, the box was crushed. Not sure it's safe to eat because the seal was broken - and there are no returns.
the fruit arrived rotten!
Ehhh. nothing special. WAS LOOKING FOR A GOOD DEAL BACK to Vitamin Shoppe I go
Never getting these again. Mine were nasty and didnt even have any taste or favor at all and what it did have made me want to vomit. Dont waste your money.
Jar arrived opened and leaked inside bubble wrap. Tasted and was very disappointing. Very sour, and very bitter, gross no sweetness at all. Could have been because it arrived open but the Mrs Bridges Blood Orange Marmalade is WAY better.
Don't buy from this vendor ordered case of coffee, they only shipped one can.
I don't like to leave such a poor review, but this product was inedible. I don't know if the couscous was stale or had simply absorbed a strange, chemical odor from the plastic bottle, but whatever the reason, the taste of the cooked product was bad. After opening the bottle and immediately noticing the smell, I was hesitant to actually cook it, but I did, hoping the smell would dissipate. It did not. I cannot recommend this.
do not order from this seller!!! the count of capsules are 35 and NOT 50 and they charge you for 50. This is a scam!!! be aware!!!
My son was not into this like I thought he would of been unfortunately.
These are way too sweet. I cant really taste the actual flavor just the stevia. I would not buy again.
This is how my product arrived with 2 I cups short.
I have had Christmas/Holiday blend coffees before and this ain't it! It is only a extremely strong regular coffee! Very disappointed, being a "top name" brand. Don't waste your money!
Having used Blue Mountain and Kona coffee for many years, this coffee is very bitter and has a smoky, burned taste. Very poor and very disappointing.
The coffee was fine except there were 10 Kcups that were flat which results in an explosion in my Keurig.
Doesn't smell like delicious Earl Grey. Very bitter taste.
When I opened the box, I found out one of the bottles was broken as in the picture...
Rip off for the price. Didn't see that they weren't full size bags. For the price I assumed they were. Also, no chip clip! Total RIP OFF!!! Seller should be removed.
I was disappointed. If you're expecting anything like a chai latte from Starbucks, forget it. It is not. It tasted artificial to me.
I bought this to flavor some homemade onigiri. I hadn't used this before and I saw some guy on YouTube use it in a recipe. I thought it looked cool and I wanted to try some. I ordered three different kinds and yeah, I'm not a fan. To be fair I'm not familiar with this seasoning at all. This could be how it is, and I was just unaware. But WOW does this have a funk to it. Very, very pungent smell. I took one bite and had to spit it out. My dog wouldn't even eat the rice with this on it and he loves rice. So I will be returning the others I ordered and swiftly tossing this one next trash day.
I ordered 1 case/ 6 individual (1 liter milk cartons) for $34. But only received 1 damaged individual 1 liter carton. I want to know where my other 5 cartons are????? I can't find anywhere to contact to fix this! I will never be buying from this seller again. :(
I don't think the walnut kernels were entirely seperated from their shells. I can't eat this! It's like chewing on windshield fragments mixed with street gravel.
The candy arrived totally melted & had to throw it away
I've been wanting to try this tea from a movie a watched several times. The taste was horrible like leather. Maybe I'm just not used to it. Well, my husband did t like the taste either. Even when I mixed it with other tea.
It arrived with several cans that had exploded in the box. It looked like they froze, expanded, and then busted through the can, then melted.
This was how I received my product with a dent and the top was ajar like it had been tampered with. It was mailed in a cheap polymailer instead of a box to protect it. I will not use it as it could have been tampered with. I am very upset because there is a NO RETURN POLICY on this item. So I wasted my money. Would not recommend you buy this. Wish I could give a zero star rating.
Waited patiently for this item to show up and it never did. Not sure if it was ever shipped or what but it didn't make it to my house.
These tomatoes are amazing. This particular order though is beyond damaged. Huge dents in cans even though box was intact. Editing review to add that Amazon did correct the issue for me.
Description said 6 bars, only one showed up.
Compared to Wisteria Naturals this doesn't taste sweet at all. Guess that's why this was cheaper.
Elk summer sausage is covered in mold! This just arrived for my husband's birthday, and the best piece in the package is inedible. Tried to return, and this is listed as ineligible for return. Great.
Generally I love these chips, however this is a bad batch.They are too salty.
After listening to cooking show hosts rave about maple almond butter, I really wanted to try it. I turned to Amazon, because my local supermarkets don't carry it. I can hardly discern any maple flavor in this brand. It also isn't the texture of the maple almond butter used on the show which appeared looser. This really isn't any different from the plain almond butter I already had on my shelf. I would have been better off and saved a lot of money, by adding real maple syrup to my plain almond butter.
I have been using the same keurig for 2 years. Absolutely 0 problems. Use the same K cups for 2 years. Absolutely 0 problems. My coffee out of stock, try your brand. K cup breaks the bottom pin in my Keurig. I think it is the design of k cup. Not a happy camper. Coincidence? I really don't think so.
Two problems. First: These lollipops have melted and reformed. Second: I got 51 lollipops. 29 cherry, 10 pink lemonade, 7 green apple, and 5 watermelon. Do you see my issue? I didn't expect an even amount of lollipops per flavor, I just expected a decent ratio.
Bought this for a relative and they said it didn't taste the same. We discovered it had an expired date of over 6 months and had to return it. Will not buy this product again!
The bag did not make it through shipping. It was shipped in a paper envelope. I guess the bag ruptured and was about empty by the time I pulled it out of my mailbox.
Packaging and all sticky stuck together
The main purpose I bought this is to make almond butter. I have a professional blendtec and a twister jar. Tried for over 30 min. All it made was almond powder. I threw the whole thing out 3 pounds worth
These were not my package. Wrong packages delivered
I have been ordering this product for a few years in a three pack. I just received my order today with one for price of three as preciously ordered. I went to return it and it said this item cannot be returned. Very disappointed!
This product I received was due to expire a couple of weeks after purchasing. Already had a funny taste. Needless to say I ended of throwing them away. It was a waste of money!!! Extremely disappointed!
Accidentally bought the non charcoal version of this. Found out after delivery that this seller does not accept returns or exchanges. Buyer beware.
My package was opened!
These were not as described at all. I ordered the sour power and got the candy balls which were not good at all. I ended up throwing the whole order away. I'm just disappointed.
I gave these as a gift and found out they were very stale. So embarrassed.
Delivered not on the promised delivery date.
All broken when they arrived!!
I didn't particularly care for the smell, texture or taste.
This has been the worst experience I have every had with any of my Amazon orders. I order a 6 pack of Torani syrup and was sent only 4 bottles. I immediately sent off a question to the vendor and waited 3 days but heard nothing. I then sent off another email 3 days ago and have still heard nothing. I did not get what I paid for and nobody with their organization has even tried to fix the situation. I feel completely taken advantage of and I will never order anything from this vendor again. This is not at all how the process should work. Terrible experience and in my opinion a terrible vendor.
Product arrived in a ripped paper envelope and the inside and outside of the envelope were sticky as was the bottle of caramel syrup. Obviously some of the syrup leaked out of the bottle. This product has a no return policy. Not pleased.
Bag arrived open, but there is a no return policy with this seller.
Too bad... Such old and dirty figs. It tastes as if soaked in syrup. How come everybody is writing such good reviews? UTTERLY DISAPPOINTED... WASTE OF MONEY :-(
I was hoping to get a non-caffeinated alternate to MIO Energy Black Cherry water enhancer. I found the taste of the stevia sweetener overpowering and very unpleasant. Maybe your taste buds will register differently.
TERRIBLE !! Half the cans are ruined!! REFUND!
I have not even tried the cookies, just wondering why you used such a huge box for 1 packages of cookies. The other ones you made me order because i had to order 2, came in a much smaller box.
I received the candy and most of it was melted. I did receive it in a reasonable time but again they were melted.
The tea did not taste good at all. The flavor is bitter. I gave it a try twice and it gave me terrible nausea both times. Felt like I had morning sickness. I did not have any extra energy.
You can find these at Bed Bath & Beyond for $9. I bought them here for $13 (Now the price is $15) because I thought Bed Bath and Beyond didn't sell them anymore because I couldn't find them on their website. When I saw them for $9 at the store I tried to return or get a price match but Amazon wouldn't do either or respond to a message sent to customer service. Buyer beware. The popcorn is good like real theater popcorn, perhaps a bit too salty sometimes.
I'm sorry, y'all. I wanted to love this product. I truly did. I made several attempts, trying various methods including pour over, French press, espresso machine and steeping like a tea. It tasted like dirty water every.single.time. I choked down a full cup a few times just to see if it actually did offer any sort of energy benefit. Nothing so far as I could tell. A $25 gamble that I lost. Bummer.
They don't packaged properly. Came home to Candy all melted.
Soggy and stuck together. I couldn't separate them without them falling apart. I didn't care for the flavor, either- kind of a weird fishy taste.
I bought this because reviews said it had strong flavor ala Earl Grey style. Rubbish. No flavor. In fact packaging even says light and fragrant. It is light. No fragrance. Waste of money if you are looking for that citrusy, bergamot, floral flavor of strong Earl Grey
product arrived crushed and broken and very very stale..ended up throwing in garbage...please credit account
Received damaged goods from seller, and contacted them but never received response. Will not buy again from this seller.
Wish I could rate but opened box and it was completely shattered. Very dissapointed and can't request a replacement.
These were so gross. They were old. I had to throw them away.
This order never arrived. There is no way for me to report this or retrieve my money back. Amazon has never lost a package before. This is not trustworthy. Do not buy.
This product was Again delivered melted together. I just threw it away. Disgusting!!!
Tastes and smells disgusting
There was potassium all inside the bag from this seller.
I'm not sure if anyone else had this problem, but these make the machine work way too hard. The draw is twice as long as nespresso pods only to wind up with barely any coffee. Opened a few different flavors to see if it was a fluke, but they all were the same. I fear it will burn the machine out so switched back to nespresso pods.
Really disappointed! My first delivery came in and all of the tops were off and most were unusable. I asked for a replacement and I received what is shown in the above pictures! I would love to be contacted about these two unusable shipments. I can't figure out how to contact the seller. Thank you.
The package came empty!!
This item should've been delivered in a freezer pack or a bag when it arrived it was soggy and smashed and I would like a refund of my money
Horrible quality. Delivered yesterday. In the garbage today. waste of money. Worst flower purchase ever.
It was mostly dead .I am trying to save two straight pieces but had to throw other out. I tried to save it but it did not survive SO DISAPPOINTED it was so pretty. My kinda luck. I had a pot of bamboo for about ten yrs .Got sick,person caring for plants....didn't .....Lost all house plants.Now trying to start over..
I was sent the wrong flavor (maple instead of sriracha, abd sriracha is literally the only flavor I like), and it's non-returnable.
These were disgusting!! Very stringy and sour. Never buying these again. Threw them in the trash. No one in my family would eat them.
We sail in the Bahamas every year. Got excited about this product and bought some to take with us to use in dips. It was awful! Taste and consistency weren't even close. Threw the whole containers away.
Old and white in color when they arrived
All spilled and some crushed in the box. Not good
The product was not properly packaged for shipping and arrived damaged. I will not order from this company again.
This item is advertised as a 24 piece per package. I bought 2 packages and there was only 20 pieces in each package. A complete RIP off in my opinion. I had to go buy more for my kids valentines for there classes. I wouldn't have bought it if I would have known.
This is bad business your company gave me Expire this tea made me sick 😷 and it was so old that I have proof and I'm taking it further
says it was delivered but i never saw the package
Not god. Shipping damages and leak.
I normally love Braggs Apple Cider vinegar. This stuff is nasty. It is darker than normal and is skunky smelling. Would not purchase it from this seller nor Amazon again. Item cannot be returned nor replaced.
The presentation looked like I would receive one of each but I got 2 miles an no margarita which I was looking forward to.
The box they ship them in IS the product packaging so if you are buying for a gift, know that you'll need to repackage if you want it to look nice.
Items arrived all broken. Horrible packaging. Would not recommend nor order again. Tried them twice to give them the benefit of the doubt however history repeated itself
the color is perfect but as soon I put it on the cake it started to dry really fast then crack
Damaged shipment - Seller refused to return or exchange the damaged packets
Not fresh hard like little rocks nasty
I have ordered butter chicken before, but in this case the packing must be mixed up as what is inside is not butter chicken paste mix. It is more like lamb paste.
The coffee from these pods taste bad. I will never buy this brand again.
I've bought this coffee before and never had a problem with it. This time on opening the bag, noticed an off aroma and it is not subtle. Smells like poop. I won't be buying this again. Not the biggest fan of dark roast, but dark roast with a kaka odor is a deal breaker.
Canned peaches. Great big print on the can, "no Sugar Added" Very, very small print, "Sucralose". Sucralose is made from sugar, Some people, like myself, do not want it. I assumed (bad thing to do) It was sweetened with natural fruit juice, and did not read the fine print. Fine print belongs only on insurance contracts. I gave all the cans away, but made sure the people taking them knew they contained sucralose. I will still buy Del Monte stuff, but will be sure to read the small print first.
This product is over priced. Don't be fooled like I was. You can get the same for much cheaper elsewhere on Amazon.
1 came broken. Huge mess. This seller doesn't know how to safely pack product
These noodles have a horrible texture. It is sort of like squid. There is no flavor and they seem to take on the flavor of whatever you put them in. For us it is simply texture. My son thought it was some sort of torture.
I placed my order over a month ago. I have not received the order to-date. I received no communication from the seller on status of order other than "shipped" (which was a month ago. I later received, today, a note " your order may be lost". I requested a refund!! I am disappointed in Amazon. They placed the responsibility on me to resolve the problem. Not feeling like a valued customer!!!
only tried one of the bars have a bad taste dont know from what but they are made in the ukraine i would stay away from this i wasted money on them.
These kisses are exactly what I was looking for to fill little favor bags for my wedding. They arrived quickly and on ice so that none of the chocolate melted so I was extremely excited when they arrived. However, after opening the first bag I discovered that about 80% of the kisses were half unwrapped with the chocolate exposed. I expect that the wrapper will tear away or come undone on a few of the chocolates, but the entire bag is like this. Very disappointed in the quality.
The taste is not sweet like what the reviews say. And the cloves are small compared to some. Cant hardly eat this. Its a waste of money.
I love that the classic coffee brands are getting into Nespresso original pods! Sadly this was very disappointing. I recall making Cafe Bustelo at home the old school way and at that time I would add almost as much sugar as coffee. I no longer use nearly that much sugar and as such this tastes overly bitter and overly roasted. Too burnt and bitter for my taste but if you love the brand/taste it's true to the original; only in better and more convenient original Nespresso form!
There was no raspberry or half and half as described. Those are the two flavors we wanted the most. very disappointing.
Never received the item
Web site states that this product wars deliver but I haven't seen it yet.
The flowers were all bent on delivery so they looked bad in the supplied vase. After day 3 all flowers wilted and started to fall off. I would not recommend this item or seller because of these issues.The attached picture is 3 days after delivery
So I called myself saving some time ordering online. Do not make the same mistake go your local store and just get the candy bars. Everything was melted. The only way I was able to salvage anything was to put the candy in freezer. This was my First and last experience for me. No measures were taken to keep the item cool. The Packaging sucks . It was just box.. don't waste your money! Unless you want to waste it.
When the package arrived the shampoo was leaking out of the box. Very disappointed as this item is not returnable.
I only received 8 of the 10 packets.
I would do a minus star if I could. Ordered May 27th and still haven't received on June 6th. No explanation.
Do not buy for candy buffet if you are just wanting red and white. What they send is actually red, white, and blue.
I have been drinking this water for a long time but the last two cases taste terrible. I left many messages at their headquarters and no response. I complained to Amazon and they made good on the bad cases but would love to know why the taste change? I will be looking for another brand that does not have a bad taste.
What I ordered said coffee and I got a box of tea. This item can't be returned.
not full sugar formula, so when consumer question was answered by seller as “ The USA Irn Bru is the full sugar formula and will not be changed.” this is not the case
Would give ZERO stars if I could. Received item and it is not like photo at all. These are small balls while photo is the elongated sprinkle looking. Can't use this in my business and now can't return. DO NOT BUY!
The dressing taste like it has been setting around for a while. I would not buy it again.
These cherries are great but this seller has misrepresented this offer to appear like you are getting multiple pouches, when in fact you get only one 4 0z. pouch. this is a rip-off and their write-up is mis-leading. You can buy 3 (4 oz. pouches) for about $17 from another seller, whereas this offer was over $13 for ONE POUCH (4 oz.). I am protesting to Amazon about this offer and seller. Buyer beware! Buy elsewhere!
I ordered the hazelnut. And the box said that. But when i opened it up... It was lavender. Went to return it and there is no return. Was dissapointed to say the least.
The dark brownish color of this Amla fruit powder is an indication that the product was oxidized in the drying process. It has lost a lot of its essential nutrients. The REAL color is light tan, when dried with appropriate care. Google for information and you can verify this for yourself. Am very disappointed. Ordered another brand, Organic Aura, and this was fine.
ordered decaffeinated twinnings English breakfast tea, received caffeinated tea instead. Really wanted decaffeinated but amazon has no mechanism for returning this product and giving me what I ordered instead--so I wrote a review to see what happens.
Horrible and rock hard like they where stale.
I ordered two six packs. Both arrived with one can smashed and the other with two cans smashed enough to make the bottoms bulge and the liquid dripped out of each hit. So I had to throw those three out. They say it cannot be returned. Better protection is needed when shipping. There was non in the shipping box.
I was very disappointed when I opened this item to find out that the Best Used Date was in August! I planned to bring this as a hostess gift for the holidays. Amazon customer service was excellent however and issued a refund.
Super gross. Tastes like someone put out their cigarette in a glass of spit and cinnamon candy. Not even good in Coca-Cola.
OMG this was terrible! It tasted like the cream had gone bad and it was bitter. It was shocking since the other flavors were good. Maybe because it was gluten free but I doubt it. Got it from the treasure truck but that shouldn't have made a difference the food was still very cold. I'm sad to say it was the worst panna cotta I've had in my entire life.
I specifically bought these cherries because the ingredient list was Cherries (nothing else). I don't like being deceived and would never have bought them if had had know they contained sugar. I did not mind paying the price for pure cherries, but now I feel like I threw my money down the drain. Very, very disappointed.
This arrived half empty. Tao of Tea did not respond to my inquiry. Other teas from ToT arrived full.
Not a good value. Cans are too small!
IF this is part of the vanilla orchid, it must be the stalk. There isn't a hint of the pod, let alone the beans, in this product. No smell or flavor other than that of wood. I use fresh vanilla on a daily basis, but I have been out of the ground vanilla for a while and thought this was a great find. Not so much! The hunt continues...
I feel it is too watery to be of great quality. Highly overpriced. Save your money.
not sure why but they were in a zip lock bag
It was open when I received it. :(
This product is absolutely terrible the taste is so bad and the figure is so small. It was a waste of money
This is the second order through this company that i never received. Will never order from them again
Wish I could give negative stars!!!!!! Package came today and the seal is broken. Money down the drain because it won't let me return or replace it.
Doesn't look anything like the picture, or edible for that matter...
Do not recommend. One jar was DOA ... broken. Amazon says I cannot return. How is that fair?
I couldn't even use this product as it came completely busted in its package and leaked everywhere. It is a glass bottle so you would think they would send it in some cushioning, not the plastic amazon bag. The safety seal on the bottle's opening also looked like someone punched their finger through it.
I ordered the 40 ct Flavored COFFEE variety pack and received a mix of coffee, tea, and hot chocolate. It states that you will receive the kcups based on availability but that you will get the exact brands shown. I did not get the brands shown and instead of just a coffee variety, I received a tea, hot chocolate, coffee variety. I do not drink tea nor hot chocolate so I would not have ordered this had it stated that.
I ordered a box - sadly am throwing away 25 bucks, couldn't even finish the first bar. Bitter, no apple taste anywhere, definitely not bacon tasting either. Thought after the first bite I had gotten an expired batch, I mean expired for years it was so rancid, but no, expires in about 9 months from now. I dont know who tested this flavor, but they have terrible taste, and this is just awful. My mouth has an aftertaste of death right now, and I am highly annoyed with this brand for selling this disgusting product.
Orders in February and it's now July and it never arrived!
Horrible flavor, very hard, very salty. Will be purchasing again.
Arrived full of crumbs and oily because 2 bags opened up. Too many bags in the box and got all smashed. Will not reorder.
Product came in damaged (see pics), so I can't use it. Since there is no refunds, it it trash and I cannot use it. Very frustrating, the only part of Amazon that I really dislike.
Have been using Quaker oat meal for decades. My first disappointment in Quaker. Too much sodium and sugar.
Got these for cottage vacation,all bags had nothing but crushed crackers in them. Very disappointed.
It came very late and was spoiled. Could not be used. Very disappointed.
This item came with a large cut in the bag. They obviously open boxes of this with box cutters when they should not be. Ruined my freaking dinner plans so that's cool. Don't waste your money with this seller.
I ordered Hickory Smoked almonds but both packages are labeled fresh roasted and the almonds have a white powdery appearance. They are obviously not hickory smoked.
I had been buying this for my morning protein shakes for about 6 months before they changed the formula. It was great! Smooth and tasty and dissolved perfectly in almond milk. I felt full all morning and liked the recyclable packaging. When my latest tub arrived in April, I contacted customer service because it was inedible. I thought I had gotten a bad batch or it was a mistake. There were white chunks that didn't dissolve and made it disgusting to drink. Customer service said this was not a mistake, this was their new formula, and recommended putting the powder in a food processor to break up the chunks. Not wanting to waste my money, I put some in my Magic Bullet blender since I don't own a food processor to try to break down those rock-hard chunks so I could at least use what I'd bought. It didn't make one bit of difference. This company has ruined what was used to be a great product and lost my business.
Did not deliver as promised! 3days later. Deceiving !
There was no damage to box that I could see but open opening, each individually wrapped candy seemed to not be sealed correctly because they were all open. causing the candy to become stale.............
What a joke . Will not be ordering again . First of all they charged way to much for the sticks of candy , second every stick was broke .
Bought a six pack of this hot sauce because it is a favorite in our house, but it is hard to find in stores. When it arrived, the bottles were shattered because there was ZERO packing material. I can't fathom why someone would just throw glass bottles in a box and not expect them to break in transit. Amazon was wonderful and issued a full refund immediately, but the product is now sold out.
I expected a cute array of sour candies, but not only did most of the candies taste absolutely disgusting rather than sour, the contents all over the box were scattered around and even one bottle of toxic waste candy had opened leaving a yucky, sticky residue on everything
Truly disgusting, would only consider eating if on a desert island
Very disappointed that there is Stevia in this all natural energy drink. When all the others don't. Tasted disgusting.
It sucks up all the water and becomes pasty
I never received this product. It was delivered to my US postal service mailbox outside my house. My mail carrier said Amazon is not authorized to deliver to mailbox ,,only to door. He, therefore returned it to US post office where it was inadvertently sent back to AMAZON,. so I NEVER received this item.
Very mushy and not tasty
Ok vinaigrette flavor, but doesn't resemble anything like honey mustard.
Picture is Preserves but the listing is for Jam. I can buy the jam at the grocery store. So annoying that they have the wrong picture up
This is the only Numi tea I have ever disliked.
the chocolate has turned white/grey in the last 2 boxes i got i had to refund just buy at your store
These are disgusting. I couldn't even finish the bite I took. Doesn't even deserve one star.
I am goin to start off this review by saying IF this product had the word "decaf" in the description I wouldn't have purchases it. So for someone who enjoys decaf, this might be a good product. My question is this, is this in fact decaf or not? I purchased this thinking it was regular according to the product description, I'm 100% dissatisfied with this purchase. Coffee just tastes like burnt ash.
For the price of the basket it had very little in it. I would not recommend this basket. I purchased it for a fund raiser. I had to open it up and add more to it because it was cheaply put together if I wasn't on a time schedule I would of returned it.
When arriving one bottle was broken company need to know the delivery never put atención to carry in the nice way Second time this happens
Opened one of boxes and all biscuits were damaged. I bought them to send to my mom who doesn't live in U.S. I just waste my money.
Twice they sent me the wrong product and now I've run out of time to return for the right one. Last time I buy from this seller
I never received my order
Such a waste of money. I ordered what is pictured, what I got was a hot, sagging, bag of goo. This is supposed to have layers of different flavors, not a single hot blob.
It was never delivered. I called the post office and they said that Amazon now does their own delivery on these types of food. Amazon leaves no phone number or way to contact tracking number says it was put in the owners hand. Diagnosed with cancer very important delivery for my food did everything Amazon said to do about delivery not showing up
I guess it is an acquired taste. I wish I had not bought so many packages of it.
Seriously, this is ridiculous. All of the roses were either off of the steams or broken open. How am I supposed to give this to anyone and say that this is how much I care for them??!
Product was dropped of damaged and was noted at local post office before delivery
Every day the delivery date gets later. Never would have ordered it from them if I had known
Thought these were the same ones that they sold in a store called Roses but they are not same look same packaging but not the same taste
did not receive my product, UPS returned do to damage
Somebody is packing these possibly in their garage or something they're definitely Jolly Ranchers but they came in very sticky look like they might have been laying around for a while Amazon really needs to watch what vendors they are using check them out where they're keeping their merchandise. Not happy with these would not order again I want to see a Jolly Rancher label and packaging not some guy in the garage buying bulk and then shipping them not good
I had to try to choke it down. It was awful. I may try again and add some nuts and berries. It is like sawdust. Bad texture and okay flavor. Definitely won't be purchasing again.
There was nothing in the package upon delivery! I want a full refund!
I soaked the beans overnight and cooked them in my crockpot from 8:30 am to 11pm and the beans ere still hard. This is very upsetting for the high price charged.
I'm gonna join other reviewers. I bought the 1 & 3 lbs and were amazing, so soft and spicy. Decided to get a good deal and buy the 5 lbs. worse ginger, very dry. not worth the bargain price. surprise; can't return this item. DO NOT BUY the 5 lbs.
First of all when I saw how small these crackers are I was very disappointed, but after tasting them I was grateful they were small. It's like biting into cardboard overly seasoned with salt. So sorry I bought them!!
Bad smell and completely liquid!!!
This is the second time I've ordered from this company. The first time I received the wrong item and no one followed up on the complaint. This time the box was packed so poorly that the bottle was damaged and liquid leaked all over the package.
Very disappointed to see that this item in not returnable. We had ordered prior from this brand and it was good. But this shipment was awful. Smells and tastes like drinking from a full ashtray! Very dissatisfied. Wasted $32.
This was stored in a clean airtight container yet when I went to use it after a few months in had bug in it :(
Brazil nuts was delivered to wrong house. Not received.
I've waited 2 years to try this stuff. It was finally in sale for & 12.99 so I bought a pound. I have no idea if it's any good, because I, literally, got an empty, sealed, padded envelope in the mail and Amazon wouldn't even replace it. Refund only.
Nuts are stale and not refundable. Terrible, worst Amazon purchase I have ever made.
The same exact 14oz package is 3.99 at Trader Joe's retail store. This seller charged double that. I was incredibly disappointed to find out I got ripped off. Luckily Amazon refunded me the cost.
Good product, I thought. Overly, artificial sweet with a strange aftertaste. Too late to return, but still throwing the full bottle in the trash. Will not buy this brand again. One the main reasons I stopped buying coffee stand coffee in the first place. Horrible!!
I received spearmint when my order was for wintergreen
The product didn't appear anything like it did in the picture. No one in my house likes the product and we want to return it. I contacted the company and they insisted that I could return it through Amazon. Since I bought it through Amazon and I can't.
Green is super sour for like 10 seconds. After that it's sweet :( wish it was sour non stop.
Arrived with both jars broken to pieces and mincemeat oozing all over inside of box. Item not available for return or replacement. Was counting on this for Christmas dinner. Very disappointed.
Doesn't taste anything like cream. Does not blend well with coffee.
They sent me earl grey - not dandelion
Expensive , & popcorn was stale . Very disappointed
i would not recommend this coffee...............taste like regular coffee,,,,,,,,very disappointing, please take me off the auto buy plan
I ordered 2 packages excited to try all these jam assortments. Both packages are blueberry....i have 30 jars of blueberry and lots of disappointment considering the product listing is for an assortment of jams!
These peppercorns CONTINUE to be advertised as INDIAN and are really from VIET NAM. They are smaller and inferior in flavor. You cannot get your money back on this product. When I spoke to the seller ,they basically blamed Amazon and ignored my request for a refund. I would not give them any stars but I wanted my review posted. So much for truth in advertising. Shameless.
I literally cracked my tooth on them. DO NOT BUY!! Way too hard and when I contacted the seller about my tooth they said the only thing they could do was refund my $13 purchase price.
These taste absolutely nothing like pumpkin, they smell and taste 100% like gingerbread weather you heat them or eat cold
My jar tasted like my grandfathers old milking barn smelled. I could not use this.
They packaged this with carpet cleaner with no bubble wrap or paper next to the cleaner the cap broke from sliding around and the box was wet from the carpet cleaner that even ate through some of the ink on the tops of the single serve cups. I dont even know if it's safe to drink anymore. All the cups smell like cleaner now even after rinsing them. Also had a different coffee in the case that got wet as well
I tried to purchase this item, however the seller ended up shipping me a necklace. I tried using the necklace to stop the bleeding, but no luck. 1 star for the necklace and 0 stars for the seller that does not do returns or refunds.
This was definitely over priced a regular store bag that could cost $3 was instead $10 anyway it wasn't even full. Total waste of money.
I haven't received it yet
My bars were expired.
The chocolates are white coated due to age? And are stale.
All snacks in the package are very old and the taste is weird. Finally I throw all of them away. The manufacturer spent more money on the paper boxes than the product itself.
Never got item in the mail! Just an empty box with a hole in the side! I wrote the company through Amazon twice and never got a response. Not very good PR!!
The first time I bought this flour it was great- The last time, however, was awful!!!! It smells like tea tree oil or eucalyptus or something!??? Yuck!! Now I know why they don't allow returns- I will now check to make sure I can return all items (especially when they're potentially toxic!)
Had a bad allergic reaction with this product Severe itching,slight nausea,bad dreams to name a few.Will not buy again.
I've been ordering this sun dried mulberries many times and they were soo much better, more moist, but this last order was really bad quality. It seems they are over dried or too old! extremely dry and not chewy, doesn't taste good. My toddler loves them, but he can't eat this.it looks like I can't even return it! I need a replacement order or my money back!!!
The package came damaged and the pan to cook it in was bent. The taste and texture was terrible. The cost was way out of line
I am afraid I can't rate the actual taste of this product. I went back and forth on whether I was going to use it, and ultimately decided against it. The product arrived on time and undamaged. HOWEVER, it was completely unsealed. There was no inside seal under the cap nor was there an outside seal over the cap. I'm not a germaphobe and I don't usually expect the worse, but this didn't sit well with me. In addition, the blue label had a plastic wrap around it like it had fallen off and they were trying to reattach it. It all left me a bit concerned about ingesting this product.
I wish I could give 0 stars. I cannot eat this stuff and it is not returnable. It touts that it is sweetened by stevia, but stevia is the LAST ingredient listed. The first ingredient is maltitol which causes severe gastric distress in many people. I have never seen a product with maltitol as its FIRST ingredient. I can't imagine the time I would spend in the bathroom if I ever dared to try this product. I can't even give it away. I'm not that mean. it's going in the garbage. I can't believe in the year 2019, companies are still using such deceptive practices!
This is a replacement order because the first order came melted. This order also arrived melted. A cold bag should be included in the box.
I was pretty let down by this product I was eating at least 2 packets per day and I would only get 1oz a day. Didn't make a difference at all and was a waste of money
Item was delivered broken. When I looked up how to return or exchange it...it says item can not be returned/exchanged.
Smells and tastes funny.. expiration date is a month from when I got it.
Look at these pictures of the hair spray I received today. It must be 100 years old. Can't even get the lid off. Worst of all, can't return so I lose my money!!!! DO NOT ORDER FROM HEAVEN_SENT!!!!
Product must have set in hot trailer for weekend, arrived in one solid block of chocolate.
This product clearly says k-cups & the product is not that! It came as bags to brew a pitcher. I do not want these I want k-cups.
Intended as a stocking stuffer this delivery was seen on video being thrown onto my porch. The result was a destroyed box inside and smashed contents.
One of two boxes I ordered was opened and candy were in very bad condition. They looked like the box was kept in the warm place and candy melted. The taste was far from the original, so I had to throw them away. The other box was suppose to be a gift, but I did not use it, diner the first box was not good. Overall, I would never order from this company again, it is a waste of money!
My bag came with a small opening. It has spilled all over in my box. Very unhappy about that.
MRE implies open and eat- this product required so many steps I gave them away. My health makes movement a problem-so I just wanted something I could open and eat.
My order arrived soon after I placed it, but many of the bags turned out to have been it expired or past their best-by date.
This tea does not do what it says. I was up restless all night. Would not waste your money.
Very disappointed. Package arrived , when I opened it one can was open and was used. Only had 3 packs instead of 6 😩
I did not get this package says it was delivered to my mailbox there is no way it could fit in mailbox
Maybe I got a box that was sitting too long and went stale but this had absolutely no flavor. Each bag comes individually packaged and usually tea lasts forever. I must have just been unlucky because many other people rave about this one. I already got a refund but I won't be trying it again. Bummer.
I ordered this Key Lime juice for a catering event because I'm in a small town and couldn't find it. It came with January expired dates! Now my time has been wasted and I need to head out of town to try and find it. PLEASE don't dupe your customers into thinking they are ordering a fresh product!!!
It arrived open !!! And to me that's unsafe !!!
Product arrived the second day, but the cap was broken and the paste was leaking out. Then I found out that it was not eligible for return. Don't know what to do with it now...
Arrived quickly however one jar had a broken seal. No returns.
The package was placed in my driveway which I ran over coming home. I had requested that the package be placed on my fr
The description says it comes with one 18 oz. package of chocolate and one 18 oz. package of crunchy peanut butter. The box that was delivered to me only had one 18 oz. package of the peanut butter. I would like a refund or the chocolate box sent to me.
Love these noodles, do not love that the set of six had two torn and open boxes.
This product was delivered on July 2, 2018 with an expiration date of July 12, 2018. Pretty ridiculous for a company to send out food that expires in 10 days, especially since it is sold in a bulk package.
Item arrived with safety seal broken. Cookies taste bad. Not return eligible so $35 wasted.
Did not work at all! I've been using it for 2 weeks now and haven't catched a single fruit fly
I'd love to tell you how it tasted. Expect I couldn't even open the bottle. I guess these are for body builders or something cause they're the only ones who could possibly open that bottle. I almost ripped my hands and I still can't open it.
ordered twice. Both leaking upon received. Chili oil everywhere in the mailbox. Disgusting!
I had no idea this had caffeine since its an herb. I used 1 tsp and let it seep 5 minutes in a tea ball, holy cow I am glad I used the lowest dose. My heart has being racing for the last 1/2 hour. This herb company should seriously note that there is caffeine in the online product description. The tea also didn't qualify for a refund, thankfully Amazon was understanding enough to give me one.
Counterfeit product. FAKE TEA that does not taste like a tea and smells like chemicals.I threw into trash the whole package after first cup being afraid of safety of this product. I used to drink Taj Mahal for few years before and have no doubt that this one has nothing to do with the original/real one.
Packaging arrived damaged and opened (flour had spilled all over the rest of the parcel) so product unusable - Amazon won't refund - don't buy!
You sent me a curling iron instead of the Mexican candy.
Boxes received were old and broken with bad dating.
Hi! I received this today. My door was wide open and I saw the Amazon guy literally throw my box on my porch. It's a plastic bottle but the lid is jacked. Thanks!
My bag was busted open and I had to get rid of half of my precious jelly belly licorice bridge mix! Packing with heavy canned cat food busted open my candy!
It wasn't what I ordered. Now have to wait another two weeks to get what I did order
Product received April 12, 2019 and it expired April 23, 2019. Do NOT rely on this seller to provide a fresh product! I reported the seller to Amazon!
Five, not six, bags were delivered loose. There was no Unreal box.
I ordered Heath Bits but received these "sugar free" chocolate chips! Not even close! The package is labeled incorrectly.I have asked for a return/refund. I have not unwrapped them. These cost $10.95 for a 2pk. I hope I'm not out the money! This was not my fault, I ordered them correctly. I hope this is an honest company who values it's customers and owns up to its mistakes and gives me a refund. We'll see!
They arrive cracked and broken consistently. Such a disappointment.
Ordered this item twice from two different suppliers. Both times recieved the regular raw honey (in orange vs yellow box). Notice the label on back of box is incorrect. Amazon has been good about refunding me the cost but what I really want is for them to get it right.
Arrived melted because of the heat during transportation. I don't recommend
Beyond disappointed. Every cookie in the box was broken into pieces in the individual serving bags. The way the box was packed it appeared they were sent that way rather than damaged during shipping.
I love dried mulberries and usually order another brand but thought I'd give these a try. Unfortunately I opened the 2 pound bag just after the return window closed :-( These are as stated all squashed and clumpy. I feel guilty about throwing them out so I am slowly eating them, but 2 pounds is a lot to guilt eat through.
Did not like these AT ALL. Hardly any fruit flavor in the water and yes I'm aware it says hint but the description that lead me to purchase these was completely opposite the taste. Some flavors you can't even tell are in the water. If your looking for a pinch of flavor and that's it this is your product but if you are looking for a water that has more flavor I wouldn't purchase these. Sparkling Ice water has way more taste
Arrived damaged and it's not eligible to return, disappointed
Only got Dragonfruit Blackberry, not all 3. Only 10G protein compared to 15G with other flavors.
Received the package crushed. Couldn't return them because we were having tacos the same night. We salvaged what we could. The value was terrible, but this was the cheapest I could find them and I had to buy them because my local store doesn't sell them twelve for a dollar anymore. I guess I'll push my local store to bring them back.
I received almond not cashew. Not happy cause I cannot return it!!!
It came with the borken bottle and either Amazon nor seller welling to give us a replacement product just kept telling us no refund.. we just want a new unbroken one... what a big disappointment.
Have loved all previous teas from garnet and sons... this was overpowering and the smell turned my stomach... will stick with hot cinnamon spice which is excellent
Disgusting, like drinking soap. Just bring your butter coffee to work in a thermos.
I have to say I'm not a fan of the flavor of most of the products that arrived in this kit. There seems to be an off taist that stays with you. Maybe someone else's pallet is different but these just don't do it for me
I never received this item, it says it was delivered but it wasn't.
I personally think this is OVER PRICED for the quantity you receive.
One of two bottles arrived broken
These just arrived and they are so hard we can't even eat them! I am so disappointed.
Thought it was gold, not natural wood color. And can not return, so I'm out. Time to start over.
SOOOOO GROSS if I could give zero stars I would
The day this arrived was 10 days past the "best by" date on the label. Its coffee but nothing I want to drink more of. Made a pot, drank 1 cup. Threw out the rest of that pot, and then went back to brewing my regular beans. The quest for whole bean decaf continues...
Baked Cinnamon Apple Tazo Tea arrived with extreme water damage to both the box and the tea bags inside. As you can see from the pictures, the product had clearly been mishandled and had been crushed at some point ( the seams were splitting open and the box had been crushed). Because it is a grocery item I am unable to return it. Would not recommend getting this product.
Can stopped spraying after a few uses
Product arrived opened and returns not accepted so out the money paid for the item!
I asked for sugar free and you sent the regular--it says I cannot get a refund on this product???
I ordered this because it appeared, based on the product photo, that I was going to receive 15 bars, but I only got 1. Misleading!! :((
This is my second order of this product. This batch was dry and hard as a rock. Could not even chew it. Quality control appears to be an issue. I will not be ordering more of this product.
I ordered the ORGINAL FLAVOR and dislike that twice this company has sent me Teriyaki flavor jerky. Please sent me the ORGINAL flavor jerky. Please!
So I jist opened the boxes to prepare my child's lunches for summer camp. The boxes advertise 5 bars in each box. There were 3 bars in one box and 4 in the other 2 boxes???
Did not get the correct item, says it can not be returned. so, now i'm stuck with mints i don't like.
I received this food item with the whole top perforated area broken. There was a small piece of tape over a piece of the perforation. I would not eat something that may have been opened and then taped back together. Sanitary issues, as well as, possible tampering with the food items are strong concerns. I have ordered this item in the past and it came sealed in plastic. I emailed the company 24 hours ago and have still not heard from them. I will not order from them again... I would like my money back.
Arrived leaking and oddly packed. I can't use them. Seller offers no return or refund.
Baited and switched. Top add was for 100 count coated, but cheaper if I ordered the 200 count, which was switched to uncoated.
Arrived melted to a liquid and gross. Had Amazon issue a refund which was nice.
Sent the wrong flavor.
This was nothing but garbage
They are pretty but they taste terrible. We had to remove them from the cake before eating.
These were not shipped very well. They came all crumbled. And these aren't able to be returned.
The cookies were broken and very small.
This is a very bad product. I recieved it Sunday, wore it Monday and it broke at its seem within 6 hours. Of course no returns are allowed so I just wasted my money.
Did not order this product! Amazon site says product not eligible for return. Not Happy. 🤬
This was about the worst decaf coffee I have ever tasted. Very bitter and no discernible flavor. Undrinkable.
I just didn't like it. I'm not an oatmeal person and figured if I tried this I would change my mind. I just find oatmeal gross
This box is ridiculously small for the price. Extremely over priced and undelivered product. Product was good quality, it's really only enough for 2-3 uses.
This food dye is horrible. Would not even dye icing. The red would not even turn pink or even close to red. I wanted to return and would not allow me to. This is way too expensive for dye that does NOT work.
i didn't notice when they came... I was sent the wrong item. Mine aren't roasted nor are they salted... ick...
Didn't enjoy the flavor - bit too strong for hot beverages. Worked best as an iced beverage.
I ordered the "everything bagel" and it was tasteless and dry & that's with trying cream cheese with it! Don't waste your money!
This is how I received my wheat berries. I'm very disappointed. They were not wrapped in any packaging and were loose all over the box.
I tried to use them and they immediately dried out. I could not even finish my project. I wasted my money on these, and I cannot even return them.
I've tried some of the bars and I loved them. I got the kids version for my kids and hated them. Texture isn't soft and easy to chew like the other ones and my kids can't eat them. They didn't like them and I have lots of bars now that I can't return and they don't want to eat. I can't believe eating a normal bar supposedly for adults is easier to chew than the kids version. I tried myself and yes, my kids were right. So sad.
Ordered what was seeming to be the assorted, as pictured and described, but received orange boxes of the SOUR. Cannot return, will not eat. Disgusted. Disgusting.
I specifically bought this brand because I was looking for black tube licorice ( as seen in there photo) which is hard to find. They have a no return policy on Amazon so, I could not return them for deceptive advertising. I will not buy from this company again.
Product came with a broken seal and isn't returnable/refundable, beware!
I ordered English Tea No.1 with 100 count tea bags, but I received only 20 count.
Order arrived broken and cannot be returned. Very disappointed. Will not purchase from this seller again.
these rice is infested. people need to really look at them, there are thousands of little maggots and black bugs.
Did not have the kosher symbol. Items that arrived were different than picture shown. Fail.
They sent me TISSUE PAPER instead of TEA!!!! How do you mix those up?!? If I'd wanted $15 dollar tissue paper I would have ordered it.
What a joke. DOES NOT WORK. BAGS DONT SEAL. JUNK!!! Stay away. How many people need to say they lost their $200-300 cut of meat? MORE THAN IT WORKS...
The item was not packaged securely and was torn open during shipment.
The sixlets are all cracked and unusable for the candy table I purchased them for...and I cannot return them.
These onion rings were so stale that they were inedible. Whatever you do, pass on this product, it is most definitely NOT worth any amount of money.
Did not work in my keurig. Lots of grounds. Will not order again.
It had separated n was pure liquid and hard rock. So hard I couldn't stir it or break it apart
The mess was not worth the discount. About 1/3 of the box was ruined. I rinsed of the rest and still found some that were split days later.
The delivery of this item was deplorable. Item came shattered in it's own box and then leaked our on other items. Disappointed.
Pharmapacks ripped me off by sending a smaller amount than what I ordered. Can't send back due to being in northern woods to replace & they will not respond. Order from someone else
Looked like nothing in the picture or what was in the description which describes a dark brown embossed container. Instead, I just received a crooked stack of boxes with a loose ribbon. I'm embarrassed to give this as a gift and hope that they will make this right.
Same as the other reviewer said. Was eating this and had a reaction to it that is unmistakably gluten related despite the ingredients stating otherwise. Sad!
They sent basket filters instead of the #2 filters and apparently amazon doesn't allow returns. Grrr
These are inedible. Spit out the first bite.
Bread had mold on it.
I'm sorry but this is not black currant tea! It completely misses this wonderful black currant smell and flavor. The tea quality is good but I paid for my favorite flavor! I'm very disappointed... Would return it and would not recommend
I never received the package. What happened here?
Very stale/old and not able to return
Product is too small. Lids would not shut. Would definitely not recommend. Very poor quality, poor design.
These were NOT the traditional Cadbury egg. Instead, I received caramel eggs in the wrong wrapper. Unfortunately the item isn't eligible for return so I am stuck with 48 eggs that I nobody in my family can stomach.
Not even close to the item description!! I am so disappointed.
Not really a flavor to these. I make a butter mint cookie and could not find them locally so ordered through Amazon. No flavor of butter mint at all
I was super excited to get this, so I can make my Bolivian biscuits for my mother-in-law who is Bolivian. Well it came and I'm not sure if they put other white powder in it or something, because there's holes all over the bag, the bag it came in, there's holes too, Flour went all over my kitchen. I am pissed!
Dont buy! Half of the kernals didnt pop.
AWFUL!! We threw these away!! GROSS!!
the candy was actually a grayish green where it should have been yellow....I think maybe these were from last year..there was no sell by date any where on the package. Wasn't going to try them. they also seemed to be crumbled in the bottom of the bag. Tossed them right int the trash
About 1 in 4 pods won't puncture on the bottom. The plastic isn't sturdy enough, the sides buckle and the bottom just dents. For the pods that do work, the quality of the coffee is good
The only problem I had was the package had a hole in it, and was no longer sealed.
I am very displeased with my items I reviewed. I purchased a pack of four and all four cans were damaged. Two of the cans were severely damaged. This is expensive coffee I dont mind paying for but not when it arrives looking like this. Very unhappy
This product arrived stale-tasting and nasty looking. Powder and crumbs from enclosed items "decorated" each other. It was intended as a gift which I presented to my trash bin!
Well the ad says cans and I thought I was at least going to get a 4 pack. It never arrived so I emailed seller and they said they would send another order at no charge and all I got was 1 can. Are you kidding me?!?!?! I would give them a negative star rating if I could!!!
Don't buy it. Will come as one blob of peanut butter and you can't return it. Whata sham
Loved the concept but too pricey and too sweet for my pallete. The sediment in the bottom of my cup was not good either. The only positve thing about the teas is the cute wooden box that they came in.
EXPIRED!!! Sent us an EXPIRED one
It was leaking when I received them. & is not the same as they use to be
I love Davidson's sencha! In fact, I am subscribed to 3 16oz bags each month! I know, I drink A LOT of green tea. Recently I had my hair analysis results done and very high (toxic) aluminum levels are showing in my blood. I couldn't figure out why and finally after two days of forensic science around my habits I called Davidson's to ask about their pouches. (I am extremely healthy due to a sever auto-immune disease). It turns out that the inner lining of the pouch is low-density polyethylene which is also mixed with aluminum. I can't think of a better sencha for the price and would hate to hate to look for another brand so I'm hoping that the company will consider to switch to a more sustainable and healthier packaging.
I DID NOT receive my package even though it states that it was left on the front porch.
When this arrived all 3 bags were melted. Sooo disappointed!
One of two bottles was leaking everywhere.
Super weak, must not be very many grounds in there. Also stale. I bought this because I enjoyed the whole bean bagged version, but it doesn't taste the same.
This order was late and chocolate was completely melted!
Never received this item ....
My concern is the Mocha Creamer. It is the only flavor that appears to be "over processed" and doesn't have the correct flavor. I'm trying to contact Seller now to let them know there is something wrong with that flavor and would like that one replaced. There have been issues with this flavor in my coffee. The other flavors are perfect!
Doesn't tell you it's the size of a Xmas ornament
The box arrived crushed and the bag was open, crumbs of crackers all through the other items. Very disappointing.
I wasn't going to bother, but the vendor has sent multiple emails. Number 1: these aren't gummies. They are jellies that stick to your teeth like sour patch kids or Swedish fish, which I guess I should have expected, but when you call something a GUMMY, I expect it to have a texture like gummy bears. Number 2: barely any li hing mui powder. They might as well not even bother to advertise them as such. Number 3: they were so hard to chew, I tossed the bag out. Bottom line: I wouldn't bother with these. There are better products out there.
If I could have given 0 stars I would have. Horrible taste. I just wasted 20 bucks !!!!! Threw them in the trash
These candies had a very stale flavor- did not taste like almond at all and they were definitely not fresh even though they were packaged pretty well.
Order the above and did not receive correct item and it cannot be returned or exchanged! Now I'm stuck with something I did not order.
We couldn't be more disappointed. We always used to purchase this coffee at Costco. The pod has new packaging which causes coffee grounds to fall out into the coffee mug and all over the Keurig. I wasted several pods because my Keurig kept saying it was not the correct pod.
Bought this as a healthier alternative to gummy bears....these are not very good. They are hard to chew and dont have much flavor. Not sure if they are old or if being hard is just they way they are....they might be better if they were soft...
This coffee is terrible! It has an odd taste. I'm really picky about my coffee. I don't like Starbucks or french roast. My taste buds prefer Original Duncan Donuts or McCafe. This taste something like a burnt french roast mixed with an unpalatable flavor. My children have a much wider range of coffee appreciation....and they all said it was terrible and threw out the samples I gave them! I hardly ever write reviews, so take that for what it is worth
I received a different type of candy than shown, but it is still in the shape of pacifiers. Plus I did not receive a “bonus item”. Will not order again as it is falsely advertised and not the type of candy I wanted.
Very bland. Not tasty at all. Would not buy again. Not worth the money!
I was hoping for some ... even any slight hint of licorice (there is none). No licorice spell, taste or ingredient. - stars
Disgusting and made me want to vomit
I had purchased these pods many times previous with no issues. The last order had issues with the pods breaching the seal and having the grounds inside get into the coffee cup and mess up the maker. I returned the last order, and it was replaced with items that have the same issue. I have no problems with any other brand or even with any other flavor of the same brand as these. Now, this item is showing that it is not eligible for return. I am bewildered as to why I cannot return this defective pods for full credit.
Has very little BBQ flavor as compared to the salt content flavor. I used it on pork chops and they were inedible. I tried to return this item and it is Not eligible for return. That's $12 down the tubes!!! Total waste of money
My baby usually loves these foods. One jar he wouldn't eat. I noticed it was a different consistency. 4 of the jars were not sealed (too had been piped, too easy open) I had to toss them. The remaining did not appear like the previous orders I had. Separated and very spongy yet also grainy in texture.
Scan label reads Chicken Pho on the Spicy Beef Box. When I took the tape of the first package had been sliced open (I'm assuming by accident) by a box cutter. Amazon says this item is not subject for refunds or replacements and I'm stuck in a loop of getting no where. There's no phone number to call and I'm making PHO soup for 50 people this weekend and I'm afraid to order more and through out another $22. Totally bummed
We received our order completely broken with the content spilled out.
Extremely disappointed. You would think they would check expiration dates prior to shipping.
WAY to big for 25.4 oz bottles. Doesn't even screw to the top due to being to large. Only received 5 pumps. Not 6 or the cap top. Trying to return them. We'll see. Hopefully the seller will allow it since they sent me the wrong amount and don't fit the bottles as described.
Coffee comes in bags that can't be resealed and became stale.
Pros: water heats fast; that's it Cons: grounds go everywhere. I have at least 8 different brands of K-cups and, depending on the K-cup, the size of the mess ranged from absolute disaster with a lot of grounds in my coffee to significant inconvenience with only a few grounds in my coffee. Having never owned a K-cup type coffee maker, I thought this was normal. However, after spending an average of 10-20 minutes cleaning this thing up every time I made coffee, I had enough. Luckily it was just before the 30 days were up so I returned it for a full refund. I then got a K200 that has worked perfectly (the most cleanup I've ever had to do is wipe a drop of coffee off the counter). I'm soooooo much happier.
ordered pack of twelve, as stated above, received only one pack of 6 sticks, please explain, Thank you
It was not 600 straws. Closer to 500
The candy has been exposed to too much heat. The milk chocolate is all white and dried out and crusty. It tastes stale although the good til date has 10 months to go. The product cannot be returned by Amazon policy. $40 wasted. I am throwing the candy out. Very disappointing on the part of the shipper and Amazon.
False advertising. This has 70 calories per serving. I've attached a picture of the nutrition label. Feb. 21, 2018 Update: I double-checked this product listing today and see that the seller has corrected their listing to show that each kcup has 70 cals.. That is the action of a reputable seller. I will give them the benefit of the doubt and assume they accidentally showed the 0 calorie nutrition panel previously. But this still is not my favorite tasting hot cider drink. There is another, true apple, which I think tastes better. It comes in boxes of six packets of powdered cider. It absorbs almost instantly into hot water. So I just brew 8 oz of hot water in my single-serve coffee maker, dump the packet into my cup, one quick stir and it's done. Yummy and only 30 calories versus this product's 70 calories.
I like Annie's Mac & Cheese for when I don't have time to make it homemade, but this one had a nasty aftertaste. I tried 2 boxes and they both had the same bad aftertaste. No one in my family liked it.
Its old taste funny!! Waste of money
Just opened my jar and it's hard as a rock. I am disappointed. And it's not eligible for returns.
Was delivered damaged and not eligible for return. Leaked all over.
Arrived in an inappropriate shipping container and salt was everywhere.
Ordered in November came with expiration date of December same year.... Terrible! Will return. Before looking at the expiration date I opened one bag of bamba and it did not taste right... I am glad I tried it first and did not give it to my son. Will never buy from this seller again
Just found out this same size sells for only $2 at my local Walmart and Target locations. RIP OFF!
I loved this mustard, but this time it tasted like horseradish. It was so hot I couldn't eat it., I don't know if it's a one time thing or they changed the formula, but I can no longer eat it.
Arrived with two bottles busted open.
I did not like this item
Seal on the can was damaged and the product inside was black and had mold also smelled bad. Threw it away.
I would say something about the product but I never got them.
Love the product but 2 boxes were destroyed in shipping which made the price per useable box less appealing.
Gummies were all melted and you cant even get a refund or a replacement. Dont waste your fricken money. This was a birthday present and it ruined my birthday. I was so excited for it and it was just bag after bag of inedible mush. I feel badly my poor Bf paid all that money for it to go into the trash and he cant even get a refund. Dont waste your money on this ESPECIALLY not being able to get a refund.
the seller wrote the description as to trick the purchaser. I buy this gum all the time at SAM's and was buying it on Amazon because it was convenient. Instead of receiving 2 boxes of 10 count packages of gum, I received 2 packages of gum.
Hardly sprouts at all. I bought the same brand of JUST broccoli seeds and was pleased. Bad batch?
I'm not allowed to return the item that I received. I did not receive the item I ordered! I am quite aggravated since I waited a couple of extra days for the item to arrive I would like to send this back and get the order I paid for.
Flat and they taste old no carbonation
My item came all busted up. I can't use this. Very disappointed
These dried cherries are the worst I've ever tasted. They are like cardboards and often have grits and pieces of pits in them. They are aweful! I can't even return them for a refund. Don't ever buy them!!!!
Product claimed to have been delivered to my front porch by Fed Ex. It was never delivered to my address due to a mistake by the seller with the wrong address. I had a hard time with this situation.
arrived with a use by date that was almost up. not happy with high cost and 2 weeks to use item
I bought Bubly Sparkling Cherry Water hoping that it would resemble the Clearly Canadian drinks I remember from when I was a kid. Unfortunately, this product tastes horrible, nothing like the Clearly Canadian flavored sparkling water drinks! Nobody in my family liked it, and we like trying a lot of new things, and enjoy most of them. Think soda water with a slight hint of unsweetened artificial cherry. I would return it if I could, but obviously we had to open one can to try it, so I guess the rest I'll just have to pour out and recycle the cans. So dissapointed!
I have purchased these before with no issue. The packages I received today look as though they have been in the shelf for a long time and melted at one point. Some chips are light in color as if freezer burned or melted from heat exposure. Very disappointed
Arrived 100% melted and unusable. Had to throw the whole thing away.
Arrived 2 months late after being reordered 3 times. Lid comes apart in coffee maker and the coffee grounds come out of the top of the K cup. Worst k cups I have ever used. I thought that my Keurig was the problem after it happening all the time,so I went out and bought a new one, and it did the same thing. Thanks Victor Allen........
These did not taste good to me. They stick all in your teeth too. I was super disappointed with this buy.
I bought these online because I couldn't find them in any store. Huge rip-off. The candies are so small and there are only about 16 in each bag. Gave them one star because I love the flavors.
Packaging left something to be desired!! The plastic bottle was in a box about 4 times too big, with no packing material at all. The top had broken and some of the contents leaked out. Since the seal was broken I did not use it and Amaxon refunded my money. I would have liked to have tried it!.,
I am very disappointed in this item. My daughter loves LOL surprise stuff so I thought this would be a great surprise for her. But it's not worth it at all. The chocolates all keep falling out of their spots whenever it is moved. I've had to take it apart twice now to put the chocolates back in place, so when she opens a day the chocolate is actually there.
This product is way over priced. I'm so angry I didn't check the WW website before purchasing here. You can purchase them on the WW website for $4.95. I don't know how you can charge double the price per box.
I chose this product because it promises organic, made in the USA, dry whole milk. I'm sad to report that for anything other than desperate survival, it is terrible. The gritty texture, clumps even with vigorous mixing, taste, and quantity required to emulate milk are all very disappointing. I will likely throw it away even though I hate wasting things.
They sent the wrong thing and there are no returns on this product. I ordered the cheese packets but I got one box with one packet of cheese and a one packet of macaroni. I could get that at the local grocery store for half of what I paid.
All of these were exploded and the whole package was sticky. I'm pretty unimpressed.
I can't believe the way this showed up to me... all is the k-cups were loose in the package- not in a box. AND whoever sent it, threw the envelope seal trash in the package with the k-cups... I was incomplete shock and not really wanting to try them because I don't trust it.
First of all the product was shipped to me with the lid off and seal was broke and not eligible for returns plus it taste like shit! Worst spice ever. FLAVOR GOD ALL DAY
Product is stale and caked! Went straight to the can.
Melted upon receipt - unusable. May rethink their method of shipping chocolate One star because I couldn't leave it blank
I expected it to taste unique and not like syrup, figured it should taste ok but less sweet, but this tastes like just plain seltzer with fake sugar substitute. All three types were crap... Waste of hard earned money.
The product came on time,. But i didn't like the taste, the smell and the flavor. To me it tastes like something unusual, like a smelly plastic i guess.
The container came and is cracked across the bottom!
The Reviews dont lie!!! Most bags of chips in this box were expired.. This has got to be illegal!!! I will be charging my Card back!
Chocolate didn't melt reality- very clumpy.
When item was received the jar was half way open and safety seal was not attached. It seemed like part of the butter was gone. Like someone ate a few bites and then sent it too me. I tried to have it replaced and it said this item was not returnable or replaceable. I paid 12 bucks for a hat of cashew butter I cannot eat. Never again!!! Do not buy!!!!
Very small bars for price of full size bars. Do not buy.
Carrier sent it back.
This creamer, sadly, is just sweet with a hint of chocolate. To me, the taste is not as it is called.
Doesn't worth at all.
The popcorn was to greasy , did not taste like butter
I am not happy with my order because twice now the wrong product was shipped. I kept the first wrong one and reordered. Then got the wrong order AGAIN! I am ordering Hazelnut Coffee and keep getting Medium Roast coffee.
Never actually received the product. Was told to contact amazon but nothing was resolved.
I have been eating this regularly for the better part of 2 years. Recently I noticed a change in the product. Specifically: - The oats do not take water as they used to. Dry clumps remain even with vigorous stirring, this was not the case until recently. - The oats are much more fine and coarse than before. Almost like they were shredded to a finer consistency. - As a result of the above, the oatmeal has more of a porridge type taste than oatmeal. FYI - I noticed the change a few weeks ago and immediately went to recent reviews on Amazon to see if I was the only one to notice. That day some one left a very similar review, that review has since been removed.
Order it twice first time got lost in shipping according to Amazon and second time send wrong one not gluten free but regular wheat flour Thanks god we saw the ingredients !
The pears are a big disappointment. They smell very bad and are quite wet, nothing like the dried pears that I remember from my childhood. I also ordered dried peaches from this vendor and was dissatisfied. I will never purchase from them again.
I ordered the Hot Cinnamon Spice and they send me Paris. Best part? NOT RETURNABLE. Thanks a lot!
Somehow moths infested package. I threw away but forgot to take pictures! no refund:(
This is not what I ordered I received some plastic cups.
Picture was very misleading - the box in person is the size of my hand. I could have bought that much candy for cheaper at Costco. Totally not worth it.
Cereal arrived today completely crushed. These were not properly packaged. I am so incredibly disappointed. I refuse to pay to send this crushed item back. Common sense would tell anyone not to ship cereal in this fashion.
I love Dr Pepper and I love cotton candy. THIS is awful tasting. It's in a block compact form and not light and fluffy. It turns your fingers brown. It turns hard if you leave the bag open. I gave several bags to friends and they all tried it and threw it out. Just so bad.
This only came with one box! For $27 this is ridiculous! I want to know what happened!! I order this before and received several boxes -
This item was delivered today, just in time for Easter, a large rip in the package so now I am NOT comfortable giving this to my Family for Easter Holiday!!!! TWO damaged product's received from AMAZON on the same day!!!! Very disappointed!!!! Maybe it's time to start shopping on line elsewhere!!! This is horrible considering how much packaging is used, shame on Amazon again for sending us a damaged product!!!! What a complete waste of our hard earned money!!!!
I am very dissappointed in the cotton candy I just received!!! It is very very small and not worth the money!!!! The image was deceiving for what size it really was and I never found the ounces when ordering!!! It was for a baby shower and now I will not have enough!!!
Never buy from this seller. My package had the tamper wrapping broken and held up with shipping tape. Seller told me no refund. Amazon enforced my refund. Never buy from this seller
These are horrible! They are runny and we have a bad aftertaste. He's like you're going straight up sweet n low ! I paid a lot of money for these and here they all set. will not use them, we tried 5 different flavors and can't stand any of them! We thought anything will be better than straight up balsamic vinegar for our diet, but these are not worth it!
These are dreadful. No flavor; like chewing on sand. Yuck!
Very little coffee in this package. Mostly hot chocolate and cappuccino.
Its not good, they taste stale and old.
These are neither sweet nor salty. Do NOT waste your money. I was looking forward to the original Bar Nuts I remember my dad having out on his bar. These taste bland, like Spanish peanuts. Better off getting them from a grocery store not the new China aka. Amazon.
Too sugary, not enough peppermint. Left a coating on my mouth that made me want to drink a gallon of water. Not worth the money.
4 out of 6 Kcups clogged the machine. Stay away from these with "not for retail sale" printed on top.
can not use item. waste of money. all glass jars were broken leaking.
These have a very strange flavor. Either I don't know what lard tastes like or these were fried in rancid lard. I don't really care but I won't purchase these again or eat them. I find it funny a price of $4.99 is on each bag so that means the free shipping cost me $9.00. LOL
Bag of chips was sent with another heavy item without packing materials, during shipment chips were torn open. Not useable & not returnable. Disappointed. 😩
I can't be sure if the product was compromised due to it leaking . Well packaged with bubble-wrap and seal was in place on lid but the lid was not tight therefore the oil leaked inside the bubble envelope.. I will not be eating Chili crisp because if this was a problem in manufacturing product may be contaminated. I will be asking for a replacement so I can rate it fairly.
This is a scam, it's only one sleeve of 10 capsules this is only $10 at the store . And the packaging came all smashed. I want my money back
This product was extremely disgusting, I opened the box tasted it and threw it directly into the garbage. I would not recommend to anyone, not even my worst enemy
I'm not crazy about that product....
When arrived four were opened and spilled out. I should get a refund for that but there does not seem to be a way to get a partial refund. Bad product packaging - do not buy.
Do not waste your money, guys! This is NOTHING like the old recipe. Isn't even as good as Utz. My childhood self was so excited, and these were the ultimate let down. The cheese curls are just as bad. Also this is for one single can!
I ordered this product because was something my mom really wanted. As you see in the picture it was all broke up and the honeybun that was supposed to be a bonus was not in the box. I was very disappointed and this is something that can't be returned.
Ordered this product and received the caffeinated version and NOT the Decaff as advertised. Amazon quick to rectify and sent me a replacement order. I have received the 2nd order which is also incorrect and still the caffeinated coffee.
Too many cherries and red dye whatever.
Absolutely disgusting!
too weak... black tea needs to be strong.
I ordered the Israeli couscous, but I received Orzo whole wheat pasta instead. Pretty disappointed.
Toxic taste! I ordered two cases of this water at one time and they tasted very funny. I opened the first case of water and grab the bottle to drink. When I opened the cap I immediately smelled a plastic type of odor coming from the water. I took a small sip and it did not taste right. I dumped the rest of the water out because I did not want to take any chances. So when I opened the second case those water also tasted weird. Long story short end up throwing both cases out because the water tasted toxic. I'm not sure how long they were sitting in a warehouse before delivered or if they're out in the sun. You're a lot better off and safer buying Penta Water from the store. Be careful.
Received them expired
I only received one pack instead of 3
My item would probably be better if I received it!! Nice job passing the responsibility for helping me by the way!!!😡
I received an empty box????
I bought this for my boyfriend since he is deployed and they sent me the coffee and not the creamer... so disappointed.
No Caddy comes with it and seller doesn't respond. And Amazon won't return. Terrible buy. Buyer beware!!
I was looking forward to the real UK Cadbury, but this product came w no insulation in a regular envelope and was a bag of liquid when it arrive in CT. There is no refund or seller, so no recourse, a bad buy.
Way too sugary & hardly any blueberries. Very disappointed!
I have received this green tea November 1st, 2019. And yesterday, I opened the bag, instantly noticed the smell of dried weed, then I tried the tea . It was bitter. So, I tried with water temperature down to about 60 C, but I still don't like it. I would like to return it.
I ordered this item and only received (1) package NOT (6). What gives?
I ve reorder this product but I received a different product with a different simple box not the original of newman organic coffee I ve received previously the right box and product I don t like this product since I m not going to use it I ll go and buy from the market So please I believe that you have control of the items ordered and should know the right product thanks for taking the right decision !!!
I absolutely loved the Beef Protein - Vanilla (great protein for those doing Whole 30) so I decided to try this one and it is the worst tasting protein I have ever had. Normally I can stomach anything, but this is almost impossible. If I could return an opened package I would for a different flavor. Great protein, but awful flavor.
Terrible packaging, was torn and coffee all over my mailbox. Unable to contact anyone because no returns are accepted. Waste of money
Ordered vanilla almond and they sent me caramel vanilla- won't accept returns. Will not order from them again.
Containers/box came busted open
The pretzels came broken.
I've had several low carb cereals that were tasty, this one isn't one. The cereal part had the consistency of styrofoam with a bland taste. The coconut pieces were big strips, they'd be better if they were smaller. I won't be buying this product again
Great drink, poor delivery. I ordered this a month ago and was notified it would take another month to be delivered. Not worth waiting 2 months for it, I'm not sure why it takes them so long! I ended up canceling it and going to buy through someone else. Yes I am a prime member, too.
Don't waste your money on these caramels. The texture is not chewy and it does not taste like a true caramel. The actual size of the caramel itself is small. I was very disappointed because I like this brand.
This is the second straight time that the candy showed up melted. When I put it in the refrigerator as suggested, it became almost impossible to unwrap each piece. From now on, I am going to purchase the peanut butter cups at my local grocery.
Saw all the good reviews and purchased it. I wouldn't even purchase it if it was cheap... It tastes terrible.
Stale and gross! Repackaged and non-returnable! Do not buy!
Never received the product
Repackaged, not in original RETAIL box, taste stale. Probably recycled from Lindt bulk store displays!!!!!XXXXXX
Looks like they hired slave labor to cut up normal boxes to look like a ten pack while only being 3 packs. $10 for 3 single serves???
I received the 10 plants. One was dead. I immediately wrote the seller who credited me $1.60 for the dead plant. One week later two more plants died. I emailed the owner again but seven days later have not had a response. I would not order these again because of it. The other 7 are growing. very small UPDATE. A fourth plant died. I have 6 left from the 10 I bought. Very disappointing and I am surprised that some other reviews say the plants are thriving!
I love this product but was very disappointed when one of the Splenda containers was open and the tamper seal was broken. This is a good item so I will not use it and had to throw it out I won't be buying this online again
Really wanted to like this...especially for $0.25 each. But I should've known. I wouldn't even feed this to stray animals. Highly processed and tasted very fake. I would rather spend a little more to get a quality product.
Disgusting. Was excited to try them but literally threw up when I ate them.
The first jar of this mayo was really good, so when it was gone, I ordered a second jar. The second jar tastes nothing like the first jar. The taste is really off or like there is a bad ingredient in it. I tried it a couple times, even using Frank's Hot Sauce to help mask the bad taste and that didn't even help. I am going to ask the seller to replace it (hoping it tastes good like the first jar) or for a refund. Either way, this second jar went in the garbage.
It's expired when it arrived ! Should be fresh for the price!
First, it makes me pee way more than coffee does. Second, the taste is really strong even though I always drink dark roast black coffee a couple of times a day. I would not recommend it.
Way too sweet! not as tea forward as the counterpart brand 26oz at half the price.!! All I tatse is sugar, no really and milk.
I love these cookies but when I received the 12 packages they had been packed with the unprotected up side facing down so any time the box hit the ground it broke the cookies and I got a box of badly broken crumbs!!! There was no padding at all in the box 📦!
Just skip. Not worth anything- terrible tasting. Gross
Advertised as Ghirardelli Classic White Chocolate Chips, But it IS NOT White Chocolate. The package is labeled "White Baking Chips". White Chocolate is made with cocoa butter, this product is made with "Palm Kernel Oil". When I attempted to return this item, it was "Ineligible For Return". After contacting Amazon and let them know the product IS NOT white chocolate I was given a refund.
too strong of a flavor was expecting a more smooth/subtle taste
Sent brown sugar cinnamon instead which I HATE.
Item cannot be returned. Box was destroyed upon delivery and teabags were scattered in envelope. I ordered the box of 24 bags but there are only 20 tea bags. The crushed box also advertises 24 tea bags!
This gum has been changed , it is not the same gum, flavor, taste totally different.
Not like snickers at all terrible
The bags of chips do not come in their original package shown. They arrive loose, in a large cardboard shipping box. It was odd. Then, they were all stale. It was almost as if these were all the rejects that were repackaged for resale. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!
Super disappointed, I only ended up getting 32 kcups out of the 50 I paid for. What a rip off!
Very pricey for such a small bottle. I found a bottle 3X that size for the same $$ at TJ MAXX.
Worst tasting drink ever
There are very few bars in each bag - not what I was expecting. Will not buy again - buyer beware!
Description says black. It was actually bright blue. Scary! Threw it out.
Easily 95% of the jars were garbage. They seemed to still be sealed, but were all spongey or super oily and just gross. Will not ever buy again.
Tastes like burnt french fries. I don't recommend. I wouldn't buy, they are hard and taste like burnt cheese. The also arrived in pieces and crumbled, hardly any actual squares.
I am NOT convinced this is PURE honey. Looks more like syrup, the taste is off, and it began to crystallize within 3 months. Not happy and won't buy this again and I would not recommend to others.
Spend a few more dollars and get something that doesn't taste horrible.
Forget party favors, every single one was broken into three or more pieces. Will not buy again
The potato chips have expiration date of July 3 and tasted kind of stale, no longer crispy. As you can see the package is flat, usually at store it has air vacuum in it. I would like to return them please.
Product was either expired or about to expire. Since I cannot use expired chips for my purpose, and I don't plan to use them all in a week, this was a waste of my money.
Didn't get enough for money spent.. wasn't really fresh
This was not the Luxury Clotted Cream that I ordered, that has the all-green label. It not only looked like a separated, oily, goopy mess when it arrived, but it smelled like Parmesan cheese. Definitely not going on a scone with strawberry jam.
Did not care for it. Wasn't what I was looking for
I bought this product and recieve it the 17 of may and it came with an expiration date of 24 of May. A baby cannot eat 6 packs of snacks in 7 days. I am very disappointed with this product and not recommend it, dont waste your money.
The chocolate chips melted or something they were stuck together and to the bag.. the color of chocolate was lighter and a bit white
Ordered for a family member and they came hard as a rock! No way could you chew! Very disappointing!
Not worth buying as it is marsh mellow.
Pods are unbelievably stale despite the fact that the “Best Before” date has not expired. I never experienced this problem with purchases from my local retailer, however, I tried Amazon because of the favorable price. Never again with this or any similar product.
This item came in the mail today and all the straws were broken. I was going to put this item in a gift basket and now I can't use it. The packaging was already torn up, but not by me and the label was worn out on the front.
This did not taste anything like a Strawberry. I through the first glass I made out. Total waste of money since it is not returnable.
They sent me a bottle that expires in 6 weeks.
HORRIBLE! UNDER WEIGHT. 60% GREEN AND BLACK. HORRIBLE. NEVER USE. OVERPRICED. A TOTAL CON!! I USE AMAZON FREQUENTLY. NEVER HAD SUCH HORRIBLE AND FELT TAKEN ADVANTAGE OF!!!!!
Your site states this is a box of 6 Meat Loaf packets. My box contains only 5 packets. I do not want to return it, as I need one of those 5 to prepare dinner this evening. I just wanted to let you know I am disappointed that the box did not contain what your site said it would.
Got these a few day's ago. Upon opening the box to get a bag of pop tarts out, I noticed that the package was kind of hard and when I tore the bag open, the pop tarts were like bricks.
old, not fresh and squished. Even the paper looked old
These pepitas had a stale almost musty taste. I tried them a few times just to make sure it wasn't me. The best by date was jl 2019. The after taste seemed to hang from the oil. I don't use Canola oil for anything so that may be the weird flavor. Expensive mistake.
The flavor tasted like seasoning salt. I did not like this product at all.
If u could give zero stars I would, the tea did not work for my baby, followed the instructions gave it a week or so to work. The reason for the low stars is not because it didnt work, every baby is different. I am more upset at the fact that I reached out to the company several times and called to get my money back- per the 100% satisfaction guarantee they claim and they will not reach back out to me. I purchased in hopes for this to help and if it didnt work I wouldn't be out on my money...
Did not grow. Turned into a stinking mush. The other seeds I bought, the salad mix grows just great...
This is NOT WHAT WAS ADVERTISED OR WHAT I ORDERED!!! And there is no refund or exchange, definitely would give zero if I was able! I would much rather cancelled pr been told it was on backorder, sold out, or something. Very disappointed with this purchase!
I never received this item. They sent me steel cut oats but they immediately refunded the purchase. I was disappointed because I was looking forward to receiving the item instead of a refund.
“Sugar free” doesn't mean Carbohydrate free-read up on it because you can't return them!
Do not buy from this company, you can't return product and it's a RIP off... who in their right mind would 20 bucks for a sample pack, yes i was in a hurry and selected the wrong product and now I'm out 20 bucks.. very upsetting..
DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT. The chips were not fresh, they tasted dried up and stale. I couldn't even bite into a few of them because they were so shriveled. The closest description of the chips I could make is uncooked lasagna. Waste of money / they are selling VERY bad product. They do not taste at all like the Terra chips I ate on my JetBlue flight that made me a fan. Please avoid buying from this listing!
Ordered these and they emailed saying they were going to be late which was a problem since I needed these by a certain time. Then they still never showed up!
Package had a musty smelling powder inside it, on box had a large amt and the other had a small amt of the powder. Not Good!
Broke within a week! I've bought one before that lasted me awhile, maybe just got a defective one this time around. Still upset though!
I was not diligent in checking the size (quantity) of this bag of Twizzlers Mini. This package was very small and more than double the every day price at retail stores. This is not a good purchase.
I boutght this item as a gift and learned when the gift was received that the package was not tightly sealed and the popcorn was stale. I was disappointed that what I thought was going to be a great gift turned out so badly.
I did not receive my package:(
This is delicious jam, and I frequently buy it for my husband. However, both jars were broken. Although they were wrapped in bubble wrap, they were sent in a lightly padded envelope instead of a box. Now I have to try to get my money back. Let's see if this company stands by their service.
As a couple others have reviewed, my package came with a sticker saying the expiration date was October 2019 but after scratching that off the real expiration date on the product states October 2017. It could still be good, but we are paying almost $30 for this, the least they can do is give us a product that's not expired.
They are nice but not what I ordered..... Was supposed to be 2 dozen roses.
The candy came in a very strange package and not sealed well at all. They were supposed to be a gift but since I can't retur them they are going in the trash..
Probably works well, but the cramps were so horrible I only made it 2 days and I couldn't stand it anymore
Love Gatorade bars and tried this. Samples were just awful, lots of GMO's and sugar.
I have bought them from my local grocery store and they were yumm. Decided to but them from amazon but sadly they smell so bad and taste weird. I threw both the packets out. Stale product!! Update: spoke to the amazon customer care and they refunded the money. 5 Stars to the great service.
I ordered light decaf and received medium regular coffee. Couldn't return so I reordered decaf thinking it might have been my mistake. AGAIN! Regular medium roast. I need decaf. How do I get ahold of this company to exchange this coffee! ?
THEH SENT ME THE WRONG ITEM! I ORDERED VEGETARIAN NO CHICKEN AND I RECEIVED BEEF BOUILLON! I AM VEGAN AND I DO NOT EAT BEEF! AND THEY WONT ALLOW RETURNS!!
The flowers were already wilted over when unpacked from the box. Much smaller than the picture on Amazon. You get what you pay for.
It was the most disappointing pitiful bouquet ever seen all the leaves were gone and it looked wilted and abused!!! Now what am I going to get my mother now I'll never ever order flowers again! Looks as pitiful as Charlie Browns Xmas tree!!!!
Stop sending a box of six boxes of cookies that are about to expire !! I am so tired of getting food items from you all that are either expired or almost expired. The colors I received expire in a month. Who can eat 6 boxes of cookies in a month? I will just have to stop buying food from amazon.
The flavor was good, but they were stale. Had to throw them away and didn't get a refund because its food.
Very disappointed the flavor was not at all the what I bought there when o. Vacation.. stuck with it now
The last two deliveries were a variety pack of tuna flavors not the original shown above
I ordered 2 boxes of these, and they are yellowish/tannish (they should be white with a light purple center) and they don't taste right. They're either fake or really old. Do yourself a favor and go to the store to buy these. They carry them everywhere now.
The bars that arrived were old and discolored. They were inedible. Usually these granola bars have a shiny chocolate coating and pieces of course sea salt. I contacted the seller and never received a response.
Received the dill pickle flavor. Unable to return.
One candy had no wrapper and melted all over the others in the package.
Taste bad like they are old. I can not get a refund so keep that in mind . Maybe it was a bad batch.
Great taste, convenient size; but this is the second carton I've received that the use by date was two weeks from date of purchase.
Stale and horrible, would definitely NOT order again
Hard as a rock, very old but not expired, says its can not be returned but I just got it, company had been non responsive, do not buy
Seller sent the wrong coffee then wouldn't respond to me.
I've purchased this product three times from Amazon. First two times I've had no issues. This afternoon after trying the first shake of the third order it was curdled. Disgustingly curdled. I went to see how to return the product and it non-returnable. What exactly should I do with 12 bottles of what can be curdled product?
We did not like these at all and love M&M's. Will not buy again.
The bag arrived opened which is unfortunate.
Disgusting. Stale and tasted horrible
Product never arrived - got shipping notice and then the product never came
Not even close to being hot like the ones bought in store
This is a bad product and I am not planning on buying this brand again
This product was already open. The foul seal was pulled back and there were cashews all over the bottom of the box. We can't eat them and nobody will take responsibility for this. Amazon says it is not returnable so I contacted Sams Club. Sams Club said because it was ordered through Amazon prime, I have to get a refund from Amazon prime. I've wasted an hour of my time already, I'm going to try Amazon prime again. I am extremely Unsatisfied with this order. I do not recommend anyone ever order this from Amazon prime, or Sam's Club.
The chocolate had separated from the matzo and it was stale.
The flavor wasn't what I expected and I did not care for this one... we live and learn
I love this tea but I received the wrong product. I received stomach ease instead
I never received the chocolates or they were never sent and I just moved from to a new house
DO NOT BUY. Item arrived damaged and corn starch was EVERYWHERE even on my stairs where the box was placed. They do not let you return or refund this item.
Ordered and received quickly as expected. Opened the first box and all the crackers were broken into small pieces. The other two boxes were exactly the same. I would not have been so upset had they told me these were bread crumbs. Never order these again. Buy local on these.
Didnt receive my item yet how can u help!!!
Did not like the taste
I ordered the popcorn four weeks ago. No tracking updates since 7 March. I'm supposed to wait until April 11 to inquire about the package. Would not buy again.
Tips came in all busted up Ordered twice same result Called company to get new tops Never got them Would not even return calls after I tried again and again
I would give this product NO stars if I could. Tasted rancid. The dried fruit was impossible to separate apart and smelled funky. I requested a refund and posted this review. Don't waste your money. I will donate the rest. To the zoo!
I order Vanilla and keep getting Chocolate!! Caution!!
Rancid and disgusting stick to ginger ale
Received my stok and there was alot broke open in the box. I was surprised because it was in two boxes. It was alot of sticky waste! Very disappointed!
I was really disappointed by this mayonnaise. It's thin and runny, almost soupy, with a weird smell and bitter after taste. I thought my jar might have gone bad, so I opened the other one, and it's exactly the same. Switching back to Duke's, which actually is EVERYTHING a mayo should be!
Should have read the label more carefully where it says it has DEXTROSE in it before I bought 800 packets! DO NOT BUY!
Never arrived! I've have contacted twice. Inferred I might have used the wrong ZIP code. ???? Have used this address for the last THIRTY years!
I loved this stuff at a trade show in Costco and was told I can also find it on Amazon. This arrived at my door mid August and it expires in September. Was not the same consistency as the one purchased in Costco. Was not able to return or replace it. Beware!
All six boxes within the package were melted with the paper cover stuck to the chocolate that was turning white.
It looks like it's actually made of plastic--very shiny. It tastes like bird food... or rather how I imagine it would taste. However, it is crunchy. It is very low carb-about 1 net carb per 10 crackers.
ordered "Specialty Selection" version(as pictured) of Red Rose English tea- received the regular version of the english tea
These were a joke. Its barely anything in this package. Honestly, you should not sell them. It's a rip off.
What you see is not what you get ... I ordered these because the picture depicts a high-quality chip. However another type of this chip was sent ... and easily returned.
Tiny packages, tiny portions,. Expensive!! Very disappointed
Tasted horrible. Actually made me throw up uncontrollably a few hours after drinking it. I was excited about the health benefits. Wish I could get a refund.
Just received and its leaking and looks gross. Dont think be buying again.
If there's something less then a one star i will happily put it
This product claimed that it would arrive in separate boxes; clearly it did not. Annoyed. Won't order again.
if one wants to pay for sugar, one purchases sugar not 100% pure carob. SAVE YOUR $, and get a brand that does Not misrepresent product.
when we recieved this product it was hard as a brick and still trying to break it up. Very disappointed.
The bottles were busted and box dripping with liquid when I received it
Not my favorite. The others were great. This one... not so much.
My package was just delivered. I was home putting groceries up car doors open along with garage door. I heard mail truck going through neighborhood and when I came out for animals load I almost fell over large white bag DOUBLE WRAPPED with our broke jar of sausages in it. NO KNOCK ON THE DOOR NO WE'RE SORRY. I'm on the way to the post office now
Ordered 2 sets of what should have been mixed flavors (clearly spells out what the different flavors should be in the description). Instead, received one box of 120 Birthday Cake and a second box of 120 Pina Colada.
Please contact me. You sent the wrong product and it says it can't be returned.
Horrible bitter tasting coffee, nothing like you get in the grocery store. Wasted my money!
Items came with the safety seals broken and there was black material dried around the mouth of each bottle. Absolutely disgusting, we threw everything out.
It taste like a plastic....
This vanilla is terrible!! Its watered down. Don't let the fancy bottle fool you. If you buy this you will regret it.
I bought it for substitution for candies due to my diet. It does not work. Guarantee the taste is NOT good
The cap was cracked and the olive juice leaked out of the inner seal. I had to throw it out and was unable to use it because the bottle said refrigerate after opening.
Tastes like play- do flavored dish water
BEWARE: you can NOT cancel or return thus item. I tried to cancels minutes after placing order and was told it was to late. Really? I had just ordered literally 3 minutes prior. Now, I'm stuck with something I ordered by mistake. HORRIBLE policy. Non ethical company.
Much smaller then they look and half where broken
I just got my package and one of them looks like something tried to get into it. I tried to contact the seller and amazon told me they can't do anything about it?? DONT BUY THIS!
Every cookie was broken or crumbled in this entire cookie tin. I do not recommend ordering this item.
There was NO packing in the box at all to help with shipping these gingerbread houses ... both gingerbread house boxes were torn and houses are broken and looked as if it had been thrown around A LOT .... and FYI there was a message you tried to deliver this Sunday which is not true, no attempt was made ...... no wonder you had such horrible reviews on these being broken ..... mine are broken too but I have no time to order again ...
Purchased the yogurt crisps and received the cheese stars 😡
Hideous. These are ANCIENT AND INEDIBLE. Will never order again
I ordered the marble espresso beans because I like them the best they sent me the mixed bag where it has dark chocolate and white chocolate that was crap when I order the marble I want the marble but Amazon did take care of it right away which was fantastic thank you Amazon
This jerky is terrible! Extremely salty and tastes like they use a lot of fish sauce for the marinade.
I ordered this months ago and have yet to receive it.
This product I didn't receive because it was shipped via USPS and our mail person didn't deliver it so I sent it back. I was disappointed to not receive it.
This was horrible. Gave me severe cramping in the gut all night long. Don't buy this
This Kava is difficult to find! I found it and waited a few days as I was out. Came to me in a plastic bag very little cushioning and it was smashed i halve when I received it crushed as it was made out of glass. Does this coffee come in bags like tea bags? Now have to order and wait again!!
I ordered 2, one was delivered as a gift. Both were so dry it was almost impossible to eat. The bakery should be ashamed & Candy should remove it from their catalog.
Horrible stuff - it is a green/blue color and tastes terrible!
Don't know much yet. UPS is so pathetically slow.... and this is a Prime benefit?
The cans dented and dirty. I certainly wouldn't have bought these at the market. Returning.
Came in a regular box all bars were melted and hard as rocks needs better packing
The hazelnut has a weird, harsh, plastic taste and the butter is salted. I really don't like it. I have not tried the other flavors yet. I have tried a similar product (ninja goat) and really liked both the mocha and non-dairy flavors. I drink keto coffee every day and usually mix it myself at home with MCT oil, coconut oil and ghee. I purchased these for a trip and am very disappointed with them.
Melted blob. Probably great if you could eat it.
Did not receive what I ordered. I ordered ghost pepper peanuts and got wasabi peanuts. The package said ghost pepper but when opened they were wasabi. How do I fix this situation?
Millet is flimsy and is not worth the price. Over priced.
Horrible. Came crushed and opened
I bought this because I make gallons of tea with packets of sweet and low. Cutting open 30 packets is a pain in the neck so I thought this must be easier. It doesn't taste the same, the measurements didn't apply for me. I won't be buying this again, it's back to ripping open packages. I still think there's got to be an easier way, hopefully I'll find the powder in bulk someday.
the bottle of seasoning was open at the safety seal half way they need to send me another one.
This product arrived already expired & moldy.
My husband was so excited to find his favorite cornmeal. The buttermilk cornmeal arrived first and when we opened the box we found the paper flour bag had split and was repackaged in a plastic bag. Not really comforting when dealing with food products. We have no idea if the flour is safe to eat.
We had to throw them out. It took three days before any of us could live apart from the ladies room. Thinking it was something else causing our discomfort, I waited and tried it again. It was with out a doubt this tea. We got a bad batch.
Product was open and all over the box when received.... can't find anywhere to email the company to get a replacement....
NOT sour! I got this because it was supposedly SOUR gummi candy (I'm a Sour Patch Kids lover) in a nice sized package. I ended up giving it to someone else after trying a few pieces and discovering it might as well have been labeled not-sour-at-all gummi candy. Keep in mind I don't like Warheads-type sour, but these looked nice. How wrong I was!
This tea came in an unsealed box. It had a sticker on it that looks like it was used at a trade show and then tea bags were shoved back into the box. DO NOT BUY THIS.
They sent the Decaf not the regular. I will not return as I opened it, but I do not drink decaf. Big waste of money.
Terrible coffee, I would not buy again.
I'm so angry that what i received is entire garbage. I need an explanation!!!
Sorry but I DID NOT like the flavor at all and neither did my husband.
Usually very reliable but this order of 2 cases showed up late and with only one case and 13 individual cans in the box. The order was incomplete
I bought the Medium Roast and did NOT like the taste at all. I'm giving it to a coffee family and maybe they will throw it in the trash.
Received the item today and the milk chocolate encasing the egg inside had turned white and crumbled immediately to the touch. Unfortunately the item cannot be returned and I cannot allow my son to enjoy the treasure fully.
Sauce was past the best if used by date.
Mislabeled batch I think....some of the pods tasted like regular coffee....not flavored at all!???
Terrible package tea was EVERYWHERE so dirty ...
Yeah, they're snails. And yeah, they're good. But the cost of the item is not worth what came in the can. These snails aren't cleaned and still have their feet attached and if you know anything about snails, you know that the feet taste like gritty mud. They've got to be removed. Well, when you take 'em off you're left with one sad small snail... You'd think it would be "extra large" but no, it's not. I can get better snails from my local restaurant supply warehouse that taste the same and yield much more useable meat for the same cost. Not impressed.
They were stall and hard.
package had a split down the bag and gumballs were every where
The tin was dented and the cookies - both upper and lower layer - were broken and melted together solid . So I tried to separate with a knife to no avail. What a mess!
Smells pretty good but I won't be using it because it arrived broken and dumped into the bubble pack. A cardboard container in a simple bubble pack is not a great idea.
Pkg and peanut butter demaged pictures include
I love tapatio, so this is not a bad review of the product but rather the vendor. They shipped the glass bottles with no type of protection and when they arrived to my location all the bottles were broken.
This product is unusable because the top was cracked and there is no inner seal on the bottle itself. Unfortunately, this item is not returnable so I need assistance getting a replacement.
If I could put 0 star I would Terrible taste and smell and it is not mixing well as described Wasted my money and time
I love the regular death wish, but the flavoring made this one rancid and sour.
They were mushy and unacceptable can I get a refund please
MINE WAS ALL RUINED AND CRACKED ON DELIVERY. ALL THE COOKIES WERE IN CRUMBS!
A picture says a thousand words. I did get a refund, but this was disappointing.
I am absolutely disgusted. My kid found what looks to be part of a dead bug in one of her fruit snacks. Guys this is gross. I will never ever order food from Amazon again.
Product came out of date
I ordered the kosher gummy bears, and they sent the regular ones which have pork gelatin. They are also unreturnable!
Nothing like real pickle juice
I ordered these once before excellent. This order awful they are stale hard as a rock . Very disappointed!
Everything was duplicated. Not a very good variety for the price. These were all penny candy and tasted old. One piece looked moldy
I bought this because my son likes to add flavor to his water. I keep a Crystal Light one in my lunch bag so I'll drink more water at work. I love anything peach flavor but this is just awful. I literally thought I had a cup that hadn't had all the soap rinsed off. My son doesn't seem to mind, but I won't be buying this kind again.
I have orders this twice and both times I have gotten two chicken seasonings and NO STEAK SEASONINGS. The label says Steak and Chicken on the package, see photo, and that is what I ordered. I ordered a second time and again the same error. I am very disappointed, there is no return for your mistake. Please send me 2 steak seasonings at no charge for merchandise or seasonings. Please see photos.
This is not certified organic and is not eligible for return. Pretty sleazy in my opinion.
Arrived 11 days after I ordered. Arrived as one big chunk of chocolate. Looks like it completely melted and then cooled and hardened. What a waste.
Chocolate ones are gross. Garlic are fantastic. Will not buy chocolate ones again.
This is the SECOND TIME I've had the wrong thing sent to me. I don't want the VALERIAN tea, ITS GROSS! I want the normal nighty night tea. Do NOT ORDER!
I ordered milk chocolate received dark chocolate. Please can the correct hot cocoa cups be sent to me.
Gross! I couldn't even finish one and threw it away. I'm used to eating gluten free but the bread on this was like cardboard. The meat and egg were okay but couldn't finish it.
These turkey sticks had a liquid inside the package and the meat was mushy I took a bit and spite it out> I think the meat was bad from sitting in a hot mailbox all day it needs to be shipped differently. I am not happy with this product
Recommend Ito En tea over this any day of the week. Tea is artificially flavored. Consumption may or may not cause cancer.
Extremely disappointed! The package came completely damaged and over 10 k-cups were damaged! I don't if this is Amazon or Starbucks fault but when I pay for something I fully expect to get its value!!!!! There were two items in the big box and the only thing that was damaged was the Starbucks box!
the items came to me cracked and the item spilt all over the other items sent and then i find out i can't get it replaced
I never received my order. I reached out to the company twice with no response. Very poor customer service.
I am disappointed with how small the package is, I ordered this for a project and there is not near enough. I could have bought several of the cheaper multi- color package and just used the pink. Total waste of money!
The outer packaging was fine. But the inner packaging was all damaged and cookies were broken up.
One side of the box says no sugar but if you look at the ingredients it has sugar?!? How is this not false advertising?!? AVOID
Completely disappointed, especially considering I order three boxes! These are not smarties brand and are not the same.
I did not receive this product in a bag that looked like in the picture, and it did not come with a pound of candy. It seems like 1/2 of a pound if that. Very disappointed!!!
Received today. Taste like mold.
This was the nastiest tasting food I've had in quite a while. It reminded me a lot of wet dog food. I tried one and had a couple of bites but could stomach no more. Beware.
Shattered, broken glass repackaged into new box, most and sharp
Wish I could give 0 stars. Ordered these as one of my daughter's Christmas gifts and they arrived horribly damaged. Had to throw them out because the box was so damaged I have no idea what happened to this or where it's been. Definitely was not in gifting condition either. Of course no refund so I'm just SOL. Beyond upset
I received two of them and one wa a year past expired.very disappointed and it's a health hazard . Good that I looked
The fragrance of the item gave me and my children breathing problems...... I don't suggest the fragrance style.
They came in a padded envelope. Cookies inside were crushed. Tastes great if you want to eat them with a spoon.
I did not receive this product. I was delivered another type of almond butter, not what I ordered? And its stating I can replace it. Can someone please contact me? Anna
You can see from the attached photos how this product arrived. I would not order this product, Vanilla Products USA 5 Near Gourmet Grade A/B PNG Bourbon Type Vanilla Beans 6-7, again.
The box was missing 1 bar
All came broken. Very unhappy about this
6 out of 12 cans looked like this. The rest of the cans looked like canned pumpkin usually looks, smooth and creamy, not like orange cottage cheese.
My whole box came melted
This is a total rip off do not waste your money it is overpriced
Don't buy this horseradish if you want something hot it's not even close to being hot
Very weak and watery even for what normally would be considered a dark roast. I'd not reccomend.
smells like chocolate for 1s then goes away. can't taste the chocolate or hazelnut. i don't know why i keep trying stash. their teas are bitter and seem to be lower quality than others I've tried. they don't taste/smell as good as bigelow or republic of tea.
said it was delivered on Sunday, Guess what not in mail box like it said.
The pods seem to not have the right amount of air in them. They explode in the machine with coffee grounds everywhere! Not sure why
Did not receive product.
I have ordered from Organic Mountain for years and they are a fantastic seller with amazing products and wonderful customer service. This year I went to place my annual Organic mountain Limoncello order and was misled into ordering from this fraudulent seller University Gifts. I had a question so I called Organic Mountain directly and they made me aware of this scam. WHO KNOWS what you will get from University Gifts, but I am pretty sure it won't be organic! PLEASE check the seller of this item and make sure it is the REAL Organic Mountain seller. I was so upset about this I actually called Amazon and spoke to a human being, who assured me they would flag the vendor. BUT PLEASE BE AWARE! DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER!
Product came with another cereal bar product packaged together in an amazon box. Exterior box and other cereal box not damaged. Bel vita bars crushed to dust - it's exterior box crushed too - someone at Amazon's quality control needs to be looked at because this was packaged and sent off damaged - I guess we now have belvita crumbs!
Yuck. Chewy and the kernel shells are inedible. Also, CAN'T RETURN FOR A REFUND.
Product not wrapped properly and arrived smashed I a soggy box. Since the company will not allow replacements or refunds, I am out $28 for nothing. Zero stars.
I ordered based on the picture and the description and did not get it, and can not return it so buyer beware from this supplier. You Might Not get What You Payed For...
They arrived all melted together
Received my shipment as soon as I opend the box I smelled the pickling juice and knew there was a leak. For the price of this product I figure the packaging would be better then shrink wrap and a cardboard box. Disappointed is a understatement
Once again, not what i ordered someone at amazon is not paying attention, ordered the lightly salted variety and recived the regular salted. Chips are good one star for service this is the second time its happened. The other was wrong size to a pair of socks.
Packaging looks a little suspect, did not use.
Ack! I had hoped to try this for the first time to see how I liked its flavor. Alas, I did not know that it is full of gluten. My family and I cannot eat it. So, I have given it to a friend to try, and await her impression.
Wrong Item Pomegranate Rooibos was ordered still have item
I was very disappointed. I don't think it had any pineapple taste at all.
I have bought these several times. The description clearly says its 4 per packet. I am used to buying 2 packets at a time. I did this again like I have done before and received only 1 bag!
The color is not aqua it is light blue. Big difference, Aqua suggests green blue tones and it is a baby blue color. Very disappointed and unfortunately the item can not be returned
, a product to rides with a broken glass container and the caramel sauce spilling out onto the packaging. Completely unable to use. But not eligible for a return so I guess it sucks to be me!
I never received this order
I have previously purchased the individual packages that dispense in 16.9 oz water bottles which is a more convenient option for me. Having to boil water and let the tea bags steep is too time consuming!
Arrived on time but no chocolate!
Arrived with leaking package, intact outfit with cracked inner pack. Nearly half of the packs were broken and almost nothing left in them.
I wouldn't buy or even accept any thing from this Seller for their lousy Customer Service. If somebody told me my product is going bad when it hits the customer's door, I would jump on offering a replacement coupled with apology for the incident. Rather this Seller tried to give me a history lecture on the types of dates.
I'm not sure why these were even shipped with a pull date of 12/17 but this is not acceptable. The chips were stale and bad tasting. I just can't believe these were even shipped. Someone didn't do their job and this fell shot.
Shipping took over two weeks and had very little feedback from the seller. Great product otherwise
Maybe good for recipes but I found it still had grit or sediment when I thought I was blended.
I opened the box to what looked diseased chocolates. Very disappointing and apparently there are no refunds! Not okay Amazon!
This item was melted and destroyed.
Only giving one star because there is no 0 option. It tastes like turpentine. Had to throw it away.
I got the box today and I was going through it when (you guessed it) I opened a bag of Lays Classic that was completely 100% empty. I just bought literal goddamn air. I demand compensation for this. The meme is too real.
I received two damaged grinders and had a tough time trying to explain from sending an email to sending photos.
DISAPPOINTED AND FURIOUS WITH QUALITY! Arrived late, arrived crushed. Had repackaged cookies and shrink wrapped crushed box, then put in too small post office box, then sent in plastic envelope. On outside said fragile!!! What a joke. Turned out to be Trader Joe's brand which I could have bought in town for much less.
This is not a good product. The fruit doesn't taste like anything. There is an overabundance of pineapple and banana chips. Did not discover any mango. The kiwi is especially unappealing. The size of the pieces ranges from very small to very large. Will not buy again.
I did not care for these. Very dry.
Didn't have the opportunity to taste it, the product was damaged in transit. We received a refund from Amazon
Was supposed to get 6 boxes and got 1 box. Do not buy.
The first time I ordered a box, it was pretty amazing. I wasn't thrilled that some of them have artificial sweeteners (I'm allergic to some artificial sweeteners and it wasn't clearly noted anywhere.) but thankfully didn't have a problem with whatever they used in those particular k-cups. The second time, however, very recently, has been awful. I've tried three completely different "brands" of k-cups in the box and they all have this weird plastic taste to them. The first two, I thought it was the artificial flavoring gone off... so I tried just a coffee (no artificial flavoring) and it's just the same. They all taste the same. They taste like plastic. I can't drink them and will not be ordering again. I don't know if it's this batch but I'm not willing to pay another $30 to gamble on the hopes that I get a good box again.
im am sooo disappointed!!!!!! i didnt get ANY of the flavors or brand that was featured. i got DECAFE, Hot Chocolate, TEA, and Chai along with medium roasted coffee and barely any DARK roasted. mis informed. im so disappointed that i won't be buying my coffee from Amazon any longer. i will just go to the store and pick out my selection of DARK Roast coffee that i love from now on. i was excited to try new brands, but didnt get any of those. SO SAD. :(
Package damaged and containers open therefore not comfortable using product and it spilled all over when opened shipping box and not fun to clean up, sticky! Order this regularly and never realized it cant be return if damaged while shipping but now we know and will not order from this seller again.
Where was this item delivered? I never received it!
Not will packaged and came busted to pieces. Not sure what I can even use them for now.
One package for this price is ridiculous! Way it reads you believe you are getting 2. Some better but still too high a price! Will not order again!
So, I have used this spice for MANY years. They used to use a white adjustable grinder top underneath the cap that worked amazingly. However they changed it to some cheaply incorporated top that is non adjustable. When you turn the top to grind the spices, they just come out in full crystal form, no grinding at all. The product inside is still amazing, maybe too much garlic now actually, but I love garlic so don't mind that. However there is no way to remove the top without breaking the container. So now I have to buy a spice grinder separate and carefully break this thing as to not fill it with plastic shards or lose half the bottle to transfer it to a new grinder. The only reason I will go through this hassle is the fact that no other spice company compares. I have looked far and wide for a garlic sea salt grinder to replace my empty one from olde Thompson. Every other brand has hardly any garlic in it at all or is mixed with parsley or some kind of herbs, which is not wanted at all.
I love italian coffee and that is why I wanted to try this one, but it just taste like one of the cheapest brands I can find in any supermarket.
holds me over for my morning caffeine for school/work but real kona beans have an astronomical difference compared to this.
I'm very upset! It was suppose to be delivered today and instead they shipped it today for delivery on Friday. Poor customer service
The product is great, seller did not deliver!
Gross. Would not order again.
Mine were dried out and hard. Very disappointed. I bought a Shorty and Loved it. Sorry I cant return
When I received this item the lid was not on tightly and the seal was broken. It leaked and was all over the box and product.
I have not received the package yet
All the chocolates fell to the bottom and many of the windows were already open. Would never buy again.
I know these seem like a phenomenal deal since each Nespresso capsule ranges between .5 and 1.00 and these average .33 each, however, these are terrible. When you open the box, you can smell the coffee, which seems good, but after making the latte or whatever and tasting such a sour and pungent flavor, I drew a conclusion that maybe they taste so bad because these aren't seal tight so the flavor escapes? I have no idea what the problem is honestly, but they are awful. these are the first ones I tried and I hated them, but then I splurged a little and bought the Nespresso Roma capsules and oh man. A world of difference!
It wasn't original miracle whip and price to high
Figs have turned sour and are inedible
Waste of time and money! Do not order this. Not worth a star.
This is the fourth time that I buy products from this brand and the package is delivered with a tearing, looks like someone deliberately stabbed a hole on it , bought the pea protein and had the same problem..
I had to use three bags to get it somewhat close to the Thai Tea in restaurants. The taste was off. I followed the directions and tried making it work but it's a no.
This company sent me the wrong tea and has not replied to 3 messages about their error.
this box arrived melted an had to be tossed
It tastes terrible. The worst tea I've ever had from Yogi. Yogi is my favorite brand and I'm surprised they came up with such a terrible product.
I love green olives and was excited to purchase these individually wrapped snack packs. However, the olives were VERY salty and did not enjoy them at all and I'm a salt person, so if they were too salty for ME, then I don't know how others can enjoy them. I tried to return them and it said this item was not eligible to return. I will NOT be buying this product again!!
Don't buy this. The listing is misleading. It says there are two bags, but the price listed is for only ONE bag. So they charge you double, and that makes for a very high price per bag.
Paid for beans and they sent me corn.
No heat, no taste. Never again. 'Nuff said.
So disappointed. Both cans arrived badly dented. The box was fine and the goods were very well wrapped so they must have SHIPPED DENTED CANS!!!!! And now I find that they are not returnable. I expected better from Amazon.
The product tasted like plain seeds.
Holy cow... this is LITERALLY the worst coffee I've ever tasted. It's not drinkable. I'm not exaggerating- it's really awful. I don't expect an artisan brew but it's like water flavored coffee. I've had a better drip from a gas station. Holy cow don't buy this.
Second bag, first was great. So I purchased another. This 1 is not the same. Chocolate isn't fresh, bag all beat up. Not sure what changed. Is only been a week since first order.
The first time I've tried monk fruit so can't compare the taste but I'm not a big fan, I'll stick with Stevia.
The nuts are stale and have an oily affter taste in my mouth. I wasted $22 50. The bag is going into trash.
Not a very good glaze very few nuts....poor quality
Like others, I assumed this was a 12 pack given the price. Amazon should be ashamed of this.
The sours were as described. However, I did not get the tropical flavors as shown, both bags of tropical I received were kiwi, pineapple and mango. I ordered these expecting the flavors in the description banana, melon and mango. Dissapointing. Besides not reciving the correct flavors, the candy was fresh.
I received a dripping wet envelope with one bottle empty and the other bottle was half empty. Tried to click on refund/return and it said this item was not eligible. Hope I get my money back.
Absolutely incorrect item. I never received what I ordered and paid for. Very very disappointed. Lose money and not able yo get what I ordered.
Only fit for in an emergency nourishment! Embarrassed for Gatorade ! Love there fluids. They should be behind bars for this bar
The package came to me cut open.
Description said pack of 12 but I only got one
Wow I can't believe I only received one box for 8$ total rip-off..Guess I'll have to never order that again and double check the number of boxes in order..
Do Not Buy This! Its a total waste of money. Its packed with MSG!Given all the research out there on the carcinogenic effects of MSG, I don't know why anyone would continue to make products packed with MSG. It's morally reprehensible and a public health hazard. Shame on this company! The Amazon product info listed does not tell you it contains MSG so members can make an informed purchase. Members get suckered into buying this carcinogenic spice.
box was damages when i pick up at my home Cream was open
The bag was already opened with candy laying in the box it came in. Very disappointed in my order. Tried to return but this product is not eligible for return. This will be the first and last time I order something edible on amazon.
I never got to try this product. It was sent as a cardboard box inside a mailing bag. When I received it the box was all mashed up and the seal was broken. I don't use food products with a broken seal. Have sent messages about this twice but have not heard from anyone.
I thought this was the worst tasting tea I have ever drank. I didn't think you could mess up salted caramel but I was wrong! Now I am stuck with 100 nasty tea bags!
Got zero mushrooms I did everything by the book
Missing cake batter! The only one I really wanted to try!
item was poorly packaged. I bought 2 jars of olives. One was fine but the other arrived with a damaged top and all the juice ran out and the entire packaged was soaked with olive juice. I am told this cant be repaced
the noodles I've received are made in China, not in Thailand as advertised in description, the carbs per serving 17 vs the pictured product with 6 carbs. Dishonest and deceiving.
Please read the return policy before buying. The product came damaged and cannot return.
Upon opening product on day of arrival, found product to be chalky and broken in pieces. Color whitish instead of chocolate looking. Uneatable. I'm not allowed to return the product nor am I given an option to get my money back. Extremely unhappy with this purchase!!!
I did not receive the pictured product and I could not find them in any store in Amarillo.
Unlike others, I was relieved to see my eggs were intact and not broken. Then I bit into one and it was old, bitter, and crumbled. It is just like the previous years Halloween chocolate you find left in the bucket when getting your kids ready that has become inedible. I thought maybe it was just one or 2 but it was every single one. I could see if I had ordered them out of season but I ordered them a week after Easter and opened them less than a month later. Save your money and stock up when these are in sale at the store rather than ordering from Amazon. There is no expiration date printed on the packages so there is no telling how old these are.
I buy this product locally all the time and decided to order for convenience sake. It was clumpy, thick and could not pour out of the box. Nothing like the product I get at the local store. It is unusable and too much of a hassle to send back. I will never order from them again.
Not at all what I had hoped for. Both my son & I had purchased this, knowing how much we like Italian Espresso. I can't exactly say what was in the flavor profile that was distasteful, but even after giving it several tries, in the hopes that it would get better or become acceptable, I must say we both just threw our bags away.
I ordered Maxwell House ORANGE CAFE, and for the second time I receive the Hazelnut. cafe.I am really disaapointed. If you cannot replace my order wit the correct Cafe, I request a refund
I was so looking forward to receiving this seasoning. I received a text message telling me that it would be delivered last Tuesday. It failed to arrive. I called to report this failure and was told that I would be issued a refund of my purchase price. I am still waiting to receive the refund.
This was purchased on Prime - supposed to be two day shipping. Don't purchase form this vendor. Overpriced & not reliable.
They were not fresh and had expired when we received them. I threw them out. No point in returning
Doesn't prevent sticking at all!
Pretzels were broken in small pieces! I was going to subscribe and have a barrel delivered montly but not after receiving them like this. Glad I ordered 1 to see how they would be first!
One of 2 jars broken. No fragile, glass, signs on packaging. Disappointed in packaging.
Every cookie was broken except one. They need to improve packaging so they will not break in shipping.
The flour was actually mailed in an opened state and placed in a secondary bag. That was definitely NOT done by the manufacturer.
Entire package burst, powder everywhere. Somebody needs to do the right thing and issue a refund. Obviously burst at the packing stage or earlier. Delivery box was fine
VERY VERY FAKE CONTENT !
The picture shows 2 packages and you only get 1. You can buy 2 at Whole Foods for this price
Thought it would be a greater volume. I bought the same stuff in the same size container before and the weight reads 6.5 ounces on the label. This one is in exactly the same size container and weighs in at 20 plus ounces. I wonder what they do to bring the same volume from 6.5 ounces to 20 plus ounces because the container is exactly the same size. I'll use 20 plus ounces up at the same rate as I would if I bought 6.5 ounces. I feel like I got ripped off. And I can't help but wonder what's in the container to cause the same volume to weigh over 3 times more.
Bought these for my 13 year old daughter as a quick snack between volleyball matches. She didn't like them at all.
These were not chocolate at all. They are nothing like what is depicted on the bag. They are some form of pink imitation chocolate and peanut butter. Gross!
Why would you make this? OMG, I thought I was eating a protein bar from the 70's. That thick chalky taste that we evolved away from. Why?
This item was shipped in an Amazon envelope and arrived damaged with the sauce spilled out into the envelope. There was no return policy with this Amazon third party seller, so it was our loss.
Weird packaging!! Why 59 pops in a gallon ziplock bag? Last time I ordered 60 chocolate tootsie pops they arrived in 2 separate factory sealed bags!
Received May 28, 2019. Expiration date on package is October 30, 2018. This should not have been sold. Also, instead of a date on the pod, there is a code.
I ordered a pack of 4 Dark Chocolate Sensation boxes. The clear plastic wrapping for the boxes was cut opened and I only received 3 boxes of the dark chocolate and a box of Rich Chocolate was put in place for the fourth box. I paid for dark chocolate so I would like to receive all of my order. Thank you. Dee Jackson
My favorite mayonnaise and can't get it in southwestern area. Ordered from Amazon. Container was 16 ozs. plastic container and no insulation. Two jars in separate packages. Jar bounced around in box and damaged bottle caused leakage. . Pissed me off !!!! Mad !!!! Had to throw it away. Why wasn't it wrapped within box??? Idiot packaging !!!!!!!! I was reading comments before I ordered and this is the normal packaging and other people complained!!! I was hoping mine would be safe.!!! NO NO NO I am pissed !!!!!!!!!
Bought this in hopes of finding a coffee that had a nice mocha flavor and in reality it tasted like burnt coffee with a hint of burnt mocha. I made it through 3 boxes doctoring it up with caramel and almond milk before I couldn't stand the smell of it even brewing anymore and eventually brought the rest to work to get rid of... where it still sits pretty much untouched. Will not be buying again
No stars. You sent the wrong thing and I'm not able to replace or exchange. This is absolute BS. What a waste.
Never received the order :(
I was very disappointed in the over charging of the product. 2 packs in the grocery is a bit over $4.00. I was charged $10 for the same size packets. I expected larger packets from Pioneer through Amazon for that higher price.
this jar was broken and leaking in the box. the other 2 were perfect. Why?
The description does not match what was sent. This product is not as written. Will never buy from this company because there are no returns
This is a terrible tasting licorice. I hate the dye that is used in the process of making this product.
Flavor additives and too watery when finished. Tastes cheap. Sent the coffee maker and capsules back after these made me sick
When I opened the box the bone broth concentrate had leaked all over the place.
My truffles arrived totally melted !!!!! A shame since these were a gift. Amazon tells me I am unable to return however this should be an embarrassment to the seller. CAUTION IF YOU ORDER
Received my item and 4 of the cans were broken open. The box was soaked with Mountain Dew.
This taste nasty. I added a tablespoon of cacao powder but the hemp taste so strong and it just overpowered everything. It blends well though.
Found it at Target and it's much cheaper....should have looked there first
Poorly packaged. Was thrown into a box with the two swimsuits I opened. Cap was broke upon delivery, hot sauce all over the two swimsuits and leaking box. Shorter expiration date of January 2020. Cheap hot sauce not worth it. Seller, get yourself a new job.
I ordered the Paleo box as a companion to my Paleo lifestyle. I'm REALLY glad I looked at the items before trying them because the majority of the items were NOT Paleo compliant. Items had sugar in them! I am very unhappy that this could not be returned because it is food. Do not get if you are strict Paleo! You will be disappointed!
Never received it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I haven't received them:(
not soup jusr salty whit water no cheese no broccoli do not buy!
The item came in a ziplock-type bag. We just threw the gumballs away. When you buy a product online, you want something to come in a sealed package--one that couldn't be tampered with.
Label indicated zero carbs but all had at least 1 carb and many more. Not good for a low carb diet.
Not great...didn't travel well.
Pretty much have to sort through this tea carefully to get anything worth brewing. There are lots of stems - some connected to old flowers, and some loose. Some of the flowers were dark brown, they were so old. Even after spending time picking through it, the resulting tea is much weaker than other chamomile teas. I've only sorted through 5% of the bag and already found rocks, a bit of wood, a weed head, and some straw-like matter. Really - it seems cheap, but not if you end up throwing it all away!
Just got my order and will be returning based on the little bitty jar that arrived. 16oz or not, for this little jar it is way over priced. Worth maybe $6.
I will never order this again...it was a waste...I am going to be sending back to the company
the seal was broken and there were flakes everywhere. wouldn't buy this product again.
These two jars of Postum that I received was waist the money, it does not mix with liquid (water or milk) hot or cold. I'll never buy it again.
Why does this seller send product this way? This is not good!
These were supposed to be Necco conversation hearts. They were not. Terrible flavors, misleading description of product.
I have traveled all over this country trying different brands and flavors of jerky. I have noticed that 95% of the jerky that is commercially manufactured has a high level of sugars and not enough flavoring. This brand is no exception. I took one piece and threw the rest of it out. THe best jerky our there are the ones that are made from venison or lean beef.
Has the wrong date I have to reorder
Tastes Great but causes MAJOR VIOLENT stomach issues! Threw away almost the entire bag!
The product is a package of 3 and only 1 box was sent. Can't locate how to contact customer service....just gave me audible books or books to buy on Amazon customer service. If customer service sees this can you please send the other 2 boxes to complete the order.
I purchase this and the box and bag was so blown up. I don't know if that means product is spoiled. So I wanted to return and get replacement. Then receive the replacement package open, box open and bag blown up again. I was told to look into this brand but have not be able to find it locally. So I turned to amazon and disappointed that both boxes came spoiled.
I did not place any order at all. This is a mistake. I've never even shopped for this beverage. I need to return it. It is unopened.
WE have not received this
The image was ok-ish, but not even the cake decorator could get it to stick to the cake. We actually had to use modified edible food spikes to tack it down. What a pain. Save your money and look somewhere else. Hope this helped. Cheers!!
Was pretty but the stars kept falling from the stick .
I would give this 0 stars, but I had to give it one. As you can see from the picture, the candy was smashed. We were going to use this for our candy machine, but the product was no good. I went to return it and the seller does not accept returns, needless to say, I contacted amazon and they took care of it for me. I do not recommend this at all!
Tastes good, but it is not low acid - caused heartburn. 1st day, I only drank 1 1/2 cups. 2nd day, I drank 1/2 cup. Still heartburn, such a disappointment. I bought it specifically for the "low acid" advertisement. Three stars for flavor, one star because it caused acid reflux and 0 stars because I can't return it.
Very unhappy with how much powder actually came in the container for the price I paid! It wasn't even halfway full!
Horrible. Products came and the mixes were opened and spilling in the box. No way to return.
I love birch water and have had flavored Burch water by other companies, but this is not for me. I wish I had looked closely at the ingredients before ordering. It has a strong stevia flavor, and a strong ascorbic acid flavor. Can taste the "strawberry" among that but cannot taste the birch water. What's the point of doing this to harvested birch sap? This tastes like a bad version of emergen-C. Some people may like this taste but it's definitely not for me. I'll be sticking with 100% birch water options in the future and now I know to check the labels despite what it seems I'm getting on the surface.
I never received the water. It was not delivered to me and I needed it. My address is correct!
The box was so smashed I was afraid the tea might be contaminated! Don't buy.....
I never received this item even though amazon shows it as being delivered 4 days ago
Shame on the shipper!! Cans were so beat up they couldn't even be opened and risk botulism is too high...
Nothing at all like Sears double dipped chocolate peanuts. Very disappointed and Some hardly have chocolate on them.
If I could give these less than one star, I would. Even one has a strong laxative effect. Very disappointing.
They came with a white label emblazoned across them with a bar code. Thanks for nothing. How can I use these for gifts now? They look horrible and I'm returning them. Also, they look like they've sat in a warehouse for two years. The packaging is beaten up, looks old, and the use-by date is April 2018. Very disappointed. I'll have to go out Monday and purchase retail. I definitely would not recommend buying these unless you are going to use them yourself.
Product arrived damaged. Hot Sauce packets had burst. Package was full of liquid. Packets were coated with both liquid and dried crusty hot sauce. Unusable empty gross packets. A MESS! and NOT Returnable!?!
I did not get the goods. Please check the delivery exactly.
all my jars were solid, and weird liquid around the food... I am disappointed and will not reorder again. buyers beware!
Title says everything. It's 2 x 2lb bags. Total 64oz. The $x/oz price is based on 8lbs but you actually get 4lbs. What makes it a black hole is it is not returnable. Worst experience on Amazon!
This cocoa was packaged in a thin bag and the box of cocoa arrived popped open and cocoa everywhere. Since there are no refunds or exchanges I am out my money with nothing to show for it. Wish I could give 0 stars, but one is the lowest. Buy from someone else.
I opened the bag today and found chewed up bags, by an unknown creature. I feel that everything in the bag was probably contaminated by whatever chewed the M & M peanut bags open. See pictures. I request that you replace this bag.
The bottle was cracked and I'm not happy
I'm updating my review because I recently switched back to a keto diet and the Swedish fish kicked me out of ketosis. I cut carbs because I had been suffering from terrible stomach issues and it's the only thing that's worked in the past. After I ate three bags of these Swedish fish (over the course of a weekend), my stomach started hurting again and I became really bloated. I bought some pee strips to check my ketones and sure enough, I was no longer in ketosis. My stomach ache and bloating lasted five days. I'm very upset that a company would lie about their ingredients. I saw several other reviews stating that their blood sugar spiked after eating these. I can't comment on the other gummies this company sells, but the Swedish fish are definitely NOT keto or diabetic friendly.
This chocolate bar tasted ok but I'm giving this a 1 star because it says the bar is coming from Poland or Germany which when I ordered I thought it was definitely made and shipped from Germany. What really is causing the 1 star is that a label saying 'made in Germany' was added to the bar OVER the real label that is in Turkish. If I wanted a Turkish candy bar, I would have looked for one. I don't want a Turkish bar when I'm thinking I'm buying a bar from Germany. I'm really shocked Amazon would allow this.
My product came damaged and there are no options to return or replace. Smells good.....
Bad seller. Waited for 2 months but never revived. I almost forgot the purchase but luckily. I cancelled it before amazon buyer protection. So I revived my money back.
Read about these in a book series I follow. Decided to try them. Got it out of my system. WAYYY too pricey for 12 SMALL, ordinary cookies. They don't taste bad, they just aren't great.
poor popping corn, slow to pop and many failed kernels... oil is tasteless
Pieces are too small
Arrived broken. Don't recommend!
It came in an envelope , all cracked into small pieces, totally useless.
We purchased this bag of pink taffy for our baby reveal party. They were delivered on time and the color is PERFECT for what we were wanting. However, they are SO HARD that we can not even eat them let alone serve them at our party. This is incredibly unfortunate and I would return if we could! I would love some resolution to this problem and waste of money!
Meh... The smell is unpleasantly strong and quite unnatural, it is also very wet and finally way too sweet (?!?) compared to other vanilla powder I bought in the past. Organic? Natural? ... not convinced.
The product was leaking because there was a tear from the bottom of the package.
Ordered the original circus box's to go with my daughter carnival birthday party theme and received the blue limited edition polar bear ones today. Was not happy, could have ordered the polar bear box from another seller for less money. Will return if I can!!!!😡
I am very disappointed. The nuts seem to be from last season! The hulls have lots of dark streaks and the meat is thin and leathery; sometimes partially dried. The taste is almost non-existent. I cracked, looked through and tasted many. Waste of money!
Spices were very close to expiration. Tried to use the included red pepper flakes yesterday, with no heat and little or no smell. Basically no flavor at all, the spices have lost their potency.
Too salty and not particularly tasty
Love the product but received our 3-pack only to find all 3 jars open and leaking in the box. Not sure what to do about it, but would definitely advise others to steer clear of this seller. Money wasted. Would love to hear from the seller.
Pure crap do not buy this!
Way over priced! Only two ply and most lack any lotion/softness. I've used this brand for years! Go to target and get 4 pack of 120 ct for $5. This is a rip-off!!
Im so disappointed, they didn't included my powder, just the plastic spoons! And now I want a refund and they said my order doesn't qualify for a refund! Please help!
Description says it's a 72 pack in 3 different places. Some typo.
Product is good, but package came damaged - half of the coconut was in the box out of the package and it says I cannot return - this is not right...
this new $50 price tag is absurd. I don't buy them in the store unless they're on sale. There is no way in hell I'm paying two dollars apiece for these items, that is two dollars per roll in a 24 count box.
Terrible experience! They just sent me one of the two cans and the one they sent me was heavy damaged!!! Don't buy them this!!! Look for other option if you want this item
Loved this but the jar arrived broken and leaking and there's no return or refund policy from the sellers which is ridiculous. I was willing to pay 2x what I paid for in the store for it but to have no recourse when it's broken is not ok.
all melted together last time, would have ordered a different product if wanted flavours all the same. big disappointment for a 5 year olds bear themed birthday party:( would have written review earlier, but too mad.
I did not get a chance to use this, the seal was broken.
I tried this today and the taste of the Hazelnut is terrible! It is so sweet! I am so disappointed!!! Didn't try the vanilla yet! I can't get that sweet taste out of my mouth!!
I want to say I will NEVER AGAIN, for as long as I live ever make another purchase from Amazon.com... and that's too bad because I have spent A Lot of money on Amazon. This most recent purchase, from a third-party seller has been a nightmare. Not only was the item not described accurately in the listing, and there has been no response from the seller, no valid contact information on the company web site either. But even more disappointing than that is there is no longer any contact information for Amazon on the web site - none that I can find anyway and I have spent the better part of this afternoon looking for a phone number. I was hoping to be able to return this item for a refund since the pine nuts are a product of China and I don't eat anything from China - most especially pine nuts from China that have been linked to a disease called "pine mouth," but it's beginning to look like I got screwed on this purchase and will just have to throw them in the garbage and be out $35. Amazon has just lost a good and long-time faithful customer, and that's a shame, and shame on them.
Way too salty. I like salt but this hot sauce tasted just like salt mixed with some peppers. Can't use it on anything because it's so salty. Will not buy again.
Still haven't received the item!!
Never received my product in the mail, said delivery, nothing was delivered.
...arrived with a quickly approaching expiration date. SMH
It's amazing how some people can love something and others hate it. I can only put this down to quality control and individual taste. I hated this coffee! I made it per instructions on the bag in my electric percolator. It came out tasting like coffee that sits in the pot for a couple of hours. You know that slightly off, bitter taste of old coffee. I really had high hopes but guess I'll look elsewhere for good coffee.
The new recipe is disgusting. I have been buying these for 7 years and will never again. Chalky, artificial tasting. Please go back to the original recipe
Nasty beyond nasty! Horrible smell and flavor. Went to return it and cannot!!! Threw it away!!! Don't waste your money!!!
A lot of these were chunky and bad before the expiration date that is this month. It was pretty gross to make a cup of coffee and have chunks of creamer floating in the cup.
I ordered the 10 gram option and it was supposed to be delivered by Tuesday. It's Wednesday and the order is not indicating that it's even shipped! I obviously cancelled the order.
I read the other reviews so I made sure to buy from seller with 100% positive feedback. When I received it I was happy to find that it came in a box and not a bag. But everything changed when I finally opened the box and took out a pack. To my disappointment, they were hard. So, I checked the date at the back of the pack, and apparently they were made in May last year! Gross!
Dreadful. I've bought them before and they were delicious from another source. But these were old and appeared moldy. Couldn't eat them. What a waste of money.
It was delivered on time but i should have went to walmart
I LOVE cream soda. This stuff doesn't taste anything like it. It's absolutely aweful! I wish I could return the items after one of them has been opened because I'm never ever going to drink the stuff. HUGE disappointment of a product, BIG waste of money.
The protective seal under the cap was open, since I've never used this wasn't sure if it was fresh or not, and because I bought with prime pantry I can't return it or get a refun. Bummer
8 out of 10 pods seem to just blow apart inside and fill your cup with coffee grounds. I then have to clean the Keurig and try again. I won't be purchasing this again and I don't recommend the brand.
This is fake. The candy reads "Belly" and the taste is more like a strawberry either way do not buy this.
I order this vinegar back in March/April, I never got the product and was told that the container broke and that i would get a refund. Well May is almost over and no refund!. I contact the seller and was told that Amazon will handle the issue because the product left from their warehouse. I do not care about who or what send me the product all i care is that i get my refund. Anyways late May and still no refund.....i will never order from this merchant and i do not recommend them.
Don't get all the other reviews. Love the single ingredient, however, it's nearly un-drinkable. Does not taste good at all. There are much better tasting watermelon waters out there!
Its quality is questionable, it doesn't look like Manuka honey. This one has a doubtful consistency.
Very misleading description. States a pack of 12. Received 1 small packet and they are charging 14 dollars? Thankfully it looks like they are refunding.
Severe vomiting after eating these seeds. Weird chemical aftertaste. No good. Don't buy
I bought this product to use at a fall birthday party. I opened in yesterday to prepare for the party only to discover the pieces were broken and stuck together, not fit to use at all! Very disappointed!
Sadly we had to throw away some of the M & M's. The candy comes in plastic bags and the M& M's tasted like plastic. It was really bad. Not ordering these anymore.
The flavor was decent, but this stuff destroyed my stomach. Have been vegan for many years and eaten a lot of vegan jerky. Also, I can handle extremely hot stuff (this product is not hot)... but something in this jerky absolutely destroyed my stomach. No other vegan food has ever done this to me. I ate 1 bag and threw the other 3 away... that's how bad it was.
I ordered cherry blow pops n recieved rasberry blow pops. I tried to reach seller but could not return or replace. So had to contact customer service. So inconvenience to me. Do not recommend this seller
Says it is 4 cups, it's actually only one. Definitely will be returning a $36 coffee cup. Complete rip off
Some were very hard and some chewy. All delivered in a plastic bag, not in a box as appears in photo
The product expires in August 2018. I am beyond angry and upset. This account should be stopped from steeling people money!! They are not worthy of any star!!
Very plain cheese. Taste like unsalted cottage cheese
The product shown is not what will be shipped. Have had to request a refund twice for this reason. The replacement product is not the same in many ways. Didn't like the added cinnamon and change in other ingredients. Flakes much firmer and harder to chew. Called Kellogg's and was informed the original product as advertised on this site has been discontinued and is no longer available. Why Amazon continues to allow it to be offered is beyond me.
I find it frustrating to get a whole box of these that expire in under a month. Now I have a ton of packets to throw out since I can't return to.
The picture has bananas. When i received it, i didn't see any bananas!!!
They didn't taste at all like the nerds jelly beans you get in the actual package. Kinda sketchy if you ask me. I ordered a package for me and a friend. My friend had an open pack in the mail so we got rid of It. Mine was unopened but it was as flavorless.
Never got the olives broke in transit
Do not order during the summer. Will arrive melted. The ones I were able to salvage tasted pretty good though.
You sent me San Francisco Bay medium roast gourmet blend single serve 100 one count. I ordered the organic. I didn't like it so I ordered another brand. Looking back at my order you will see you sent wrong coffee.
I LOVED the older version of the very Berry granola but not these clusters. The older version was more delicious and I have a bit allergy in my family and this was the only granola that I found that was not only safe from nut contamination but also delicious.
I was so excited to have a bonsai tree after wanting one for a while, however when my tree arrived all the leaves were brittle and dying, many fell of with me just removing the tree from the box and after a couple of weeks of taking care of the tree as the instructions stated to my tree died.
these are NOT the red boxes of Christmas tea. they are green boxes and they do NOT taste the same. buyer beware.
Absolutely no smell.
Product is fine, Amazon Driver was unable to figure out how to read warning on door not to leave any packages at the door due to theft & to leave all packages in appartment complex office. Product was melted & unedible due to being left in the sun all day.
this was disgusting and I will never waste my money buying it again.
I had ordered 3 - 100 pack of Ideal sugar substitute and received 3 -50 packs instead. Billed out at the 300 quantity price. I need to get 3 - 50 ct to complete my order or a return and cancellation of this order as this order is also damage besides being counted wrong. Somebody messed up and this order is totally wrong
Twice now I ordered a box of blueberry almond vanilla and got mixed berry instead. Why advertise that you can get a box of blueberry almond vanilla if you don't have it??? Bad advertising - won't buy your products again
The bag I received was broken open. No way to contact seller to replace item. It was intended as a gift, but I can't give someone an open bag...
The first shipment ("Subscribe & Save") was very good. Arrived in a timely manner and was good. The second monthly shipment came in with both jars of mayonnaise separated (oil and other ingredients) and no amount of shaking and shaking and refrigerating would make it stay mixed and firm up. The seals appeared to be good. We didn't open them to try it. Something wasn't right. They both stayed in a very liquid form. Never had mayonnaise do that and bad mayo can kill you. Amazon made it easy to get my refund and did not want me to return the jars (thank God).
Here is a pic of the bag of glass and hot sauce I received. Hoping to hear from the seller regarding a replacement, so that we may resolve.
I received two single serving bags and paid over $10 for them What a rip off!!!
It's kinda sweet, I was expecting it to be salty.
Came un sealed would not let me return
I bought this because I drink Arizona tea and like it . But it did not say how many bottles you would get for 12.00 dollars. I only got one bottle for the 12.00 dollars! I can buy a case for that any where else! I won't buy that again. I think I got ripped off.
Skippy is my brand, and I thought I'd try stocking up on some staple foods from Amazon. However, whether it was storage or shipping this jar has not been good. It arrived with a weird look/texture on the top. I thought it just got bounced around in shipping, and stirred it. The oil had separated out, which is common for peanut butters, but never the case for Skippy. I've been stirring and eating it - I mean I think its fine to eat - but the pb isn't re-blending. Anyway, bottom line is Skippy is great, but some things I guess you have to buy at the store. Lesson learned.
The packing was very poor. The box was open when delivered.
It's was all over entire package. Would like a refund or replacement
I never received this product. Horrible customer service I've written to them 4 times and they still haven't even refunded my money. Scam scam scam. Do not buy from these people. Scam
I've been a regular in ordering the 12 pack on multiple occasions. However, after the last episode I will be using another alternative. When my last order arrived, I was only shipped 1 pack of 40. The description clearly says 12 packs. Amazon was quick to remedy (seemingly) and sent me a replacement order. I was sent a 1 pack ONCE AGAIN. Amazon issued a refund. My guess is that the picking data in the system is wrong so the warehouse only thinks they need to pull one instead of 12. I was disappointed that the root cause wasn't addressed and same error was repeated.
Came broken unfortunately
Not chewy, just gross.
Be aware that this product is not made by Nespresso. When I opened the sleeve, loose coffee spilled out. The seams on the foil top of the capsule are not sealed. A very poor product that I will just throw away. Addendum; Seller reached out to me in minutes after my review, said Israel security pressure testing caused known problem with package sealing on specific shipment. Offered replacement.
Hoping to receive the black tea I ordered instead of this green tea. It arrived on time and in good condition, just not the product I ordered.
A huge packaging waste. The little Via package was put in a snug fitting cardboard box and that was put in a huge box and then delivered. Huge carbon footprint. I felt very bad about ordering it through Amazon. You guys are wasting a lot of paper and shipping resources 😐
I did not like this product. It has a bad aftertaste.
Tastes horrible!!! Nothing good about this product at all!
Don't know what it tastes like, because we don't allow preserved food-stuffs in our household. So maybe you'll like it and maybe you won't - that I cannot tell you. Polysorbate is the preservative, so if that doesn't matter to you, everything else on the ingredient list is good standard stuff.
I love the key lime bars-they are amazing. That being said, I have ordered the 16 ct pack, opened one, it was moldy. Opened another, also moldy. Requested a replacement. Replacement arrived, I opened one, again, MOLD. Opened the second, still moldy. I wouldn't bother buying these through amazon because now I have paid for one box and thrown away two with no edible products.
Amazon ships most items in boxes but this FOOD item is shipped in a bag. Inside the bag, the manufacturers box was completely crushed and looked like it might be a customer return.
Not even sure what they are attempting here. If you can stand the taste for more than 5 seconds, you might as well eat a dirt pile of fire ants.
2 of the BBQ chip bags have been stale so far
I have ordered these cannoli shells several times in the past and they have always been near perfect. I placed an order this week and they were delivered stale, almost expired date and broken. Amazon quickly reordered and sent another only to find they were shipped with same exact problems...won't be reordering these again.
This was shipped to us and expired shortly after receiving. When put in the refrigerator as suggested it gets too hard to spread. It is also very light on chocolate flavor.
I love Watkins vanilla. This is tbe 2nd time ordering it. My complaint is with the packaging. I recieved mine without a lid. It just had a foil seal. Very disappointed.
First of all, I have been eating dried apricots and other fruits for quite a long time. These should be not sold based on the batch I received. I will admit that maybe about 5% of the apricots tasted good. The rest were pale in color and bland in taste. No dried RIPE fruit would taste like this. Their was a noticeable color, texture and taste difference in these what I can only guess were unripe fruit that fell off the trees before they were ripened. I used to expect maybe 5% bad fruit in a batch. These were 95% bad, bland apricots. People that say these are good must not have had good apricots ever. They should be soft and sweet and dark orange (if treated with preservatives, otherwise they will be a little brown but taste the same) The apricots they sell are tough and pale yellow ...look elsewhere. hope this helps.
Product came in smash and candy looked melted Was not able to use
If I could rate no stars I would they arrived in a melted blob...and it was not the delivery agent it's a consistent 20 degrees right now. If you can get past the blob factor they taste nothing like the balls you get at the store they taste old like they have been heated up and frozen multiple times. So pissed this is not a returnable item. DO NOT BUY.
I need a replacement, please. The seal wasn't sealed when this product arrived.
I would not purchase again. For me the taste is not good and they r priced to high.
Package was already opened. There's no return for replacement available. Waste of money
Box arrived with a large foot print on it, with further inspection all snacks on top were crushed.
This product is advertised as NESPRESSO compatible and it is NOT!!
This stuff tastes awful. I was so excited to get this bone broth but I can't even stand the smell, nonetheless the taste. I will be trying fresh bone broth instead of gia powdered stuff.
I basically received a brick of sour cherry candy. They are completely stuck together. Almost like the bag was vacuumed sealed or something
Popcorn container was cracked and a bunch of loose popping corn came out of the box when I opened it.
TERRIBLY DISAPPOINTED!! I decided to gift myself this year. They taste cloyingly sweet! Too much sweet thick frosting! I'm so embarrassed that I have been sending these as Xmas gifts the past few years.
This product came separated and looks like melted butter. Had to throw away as they did not allow me to return it. What a waste of money
I should have noticed the Unisex label on these. They are for extremely narrow feet. I where medium width shoes, but couldn't even get the socks past my toes. The fabric is thin, no padding, almost like those nasty thin dress socks you where with your wing-tips. How these got the Amazon recommendation, we'll never know. Someone got paid for that. Sending them back!
This coffee had little, if any, flavor. Waste of money IMHO and I was once in the coffee buying business.
Horrible! Way too crunchy and had a fake cheese taste, I wound up throwing them away.
This marketing was so misleading! It wasn't a “five pack” of chocolate frogs which would lead one to believe you will get five packages each containing five frogs. This was one package of five chocolate frogs for $10.50 which means each stupid little candy was more than $2 each! Would never purchase again.
These have a bit of a displeasing chemical taste.
I ordered pumpkin spice and received french roast in a french roast box with a pumpkin spice sticker over the original barcode. I want my money back or the coffee I originally purchased, pumpkin spice! Attempts to contact the 3rd party seller have been unsuccessful so far. If I wanted french roast I could have gone to the numerous coffee shops around my area and bought freshly roasted, freshly ground coffee grinds.
Purchased the 40 count sampler, but it does not have 40 different flavor samples. The description clearly says "No two flavors are alike" You definitely get doubles of some flavors. Not much of a variety, most flavors are types of chocolate, like milk chocolate, dark chocolate, vanilla chocolate, etc..
Really unhappy. Say you get a 13 pack I go I pack of stevia gun for $17. This is a rip off!!!!
Horrible didn't taste anything like 🍑
This is disgusting, taste nothing like what you buy at Starbucks
What I received was not fresh and there were a ton of yellow leaves.
Nothing like the stuff that comes in the box. Think sharp vs mild
I bought the dark chocolate and the milk chocolate was mailed to me
I love matcha. I believe I am addicted to it. Typically I have two matcha lattes in the morning, and its like jet fuel that energizes and motivates all day. I got this one trying to save some money. Everyone is different, I suppose, but I really don't like this. Compared to others I bought, it tastes awful, in my view. As the item is non-returnable (I accidently ordered another one :-( ), rather than throwing it out, which was my first impulse, I am keeping it to experiment with it in cooking. Will update as I add it to recipes. It may become a welcome ingredient - who knows?
Its been two weeks, still have not received. would not recommend
Love these bars, but I ordered the variety pack and i got a weird variety pack with flavors I've never had and don't really like. Upset.
The product would likely be good if it didn't arrive having been previously melted or melt in shipping. Just ruins the quality. Messy upon opening because the chocolate coating has been ruined.
When recd, the pkg was ripped open, box smashed & 2 jerkys were open. Very sad si ce it was a fathers day gift i can not give now :( The o es we could eat tasted good tho.
These arrived leaking and broken. I understand that it's creamer getting shipped through the mail however I'd like more bubble wrap or some other type of packaging contents.
Crunchy, fresh, but not really for me. I only like 2 of the flavors, but they were a little too strange for me. I'm too used to american flavored treats to like these flavors. But I do have to say that the chicken bbq one ACTUALLY tastes like chicken. It's crazy real. But if you like different unique flavor, you'll probably like this.
This is tasty, but clumps badly and won't pour from shaker despite careful storage. I even added edible anti-caking powder and stored it airtight with packaged desiccant. Still clumps badly every time, so is unusable without pounding out the clumps. Does it need the neon artificial color?
The Cheetos taste fine. My kids like the puffs better than the regular Cheetos. But instead of 104 packs stated in the description, I only got 88 packs in the box. Expire Dec 05 when they shipped them out at Nov 21.
Not the straight up lemongrass I hoped for much more spice than anticipated. Will keep searching for a substitute.
some of the items in the package had the packaging open so not sure how safe this is
I cannot say what they taste like, I used them as part of gift bags. I will say that the count was off and shy 4 lollipops. If you are depending on the count... Buy more or buy from someone else.
Maybe it is me but I do not like carbonated water at all !
Well packaged product, and received promptly. They have a good taste, but a very gritty texture. Also, quite expensive for the size of the bar.
Way sweeter than I expected and not very spicy.
Don't know if they are tasty or not. They were delivered super quick BUT the wrong item was shipped. Bummer when you actually pay extra to get them here quickly.
These did taste pretty good, unfortunately half of them were dried out due to the packaging being ripped inside the box...I am kind of afraid to order again.
Not a fan of this blend, tastes like grass and doesn't work to help me relax at all.
It is more lemony a little bitter. Not like the original lemon tea. I hope to find some original in a store and enjoy it until it runs out.
I did not receive the recipe book
You get what you pay for! Definitely not Madagascar beans. Disappointed that the size of this package of 10 beans only made 1 cup of vanilla.
Not very fresh and very hard to chew.
Takes way way way to long to get to us. My husband works 5 hours away from home so I thought it would be a good idea to use this service. When he received the food (he did not tell me before I ordered more) that the food was thawed out and it was not under dry ice. So either it was put with dry ice and it took so long to arrive or it never was not sure. He said the food was thawed but still cool so he gave it a try. I would give 5 stars for the taste so good for y'all, but how long it takes to get to him I am not impressed so 2 stars..
The exterior box PERFECT, inside A MESS. Sugar EVERYWHERE(they do not do refunds) Not so CUBED anymore. Waste of my money.
I ordered it to put in my coffee and tea, but it didn't have the rose flavour or scent at all, not sure if I was doing it right ....
I must be the only person on the planet who gets heartburn from these peppermints. I love the super strong pepperminty taste but boy, they definitely do not love me back. I think I could actually be allergic, because not only did they turn my stomach, they made my mouth feel scratchy and irritated and weird. Ack! So, the lesson is this: if the first peppermint makes your throat hurt and a few minutes after ingesting it you feel sick to your stomach, chances are the second one will do the same. I tried one when they first arrived, enjoyed it, but felt a bit yucky about 10 minutes afterwards. I tried another one a few days later, thinking the first time must have been a fluke, but it happened again--only worse. Needless to say it was no fluke, and I won't touch them again. I should say I have nothing against the company, Yum Earth. I love their other candies, the fruit lollipops, etc. They're a great outfit making delicious, healthy snacks.
advertised as one thing, hard to see it as such, the individual pieces are stale and old, most definitely not fresh product
I can say like this, I didn't like it, because first I wanted like purée, this one just syrup. Another thing taste, I didn't like it, why I didn't like cause to sweet. I wanted taste like real passion fruit, it must be kind of acidic. But this one more seeet add a lot of sugar. If u will use for cocktail or tea. It will be good, but I didn't like cause too sweet.
Does not have the scent or flavor of jasmine, only green tea. I gave these as a gift and was embarrassed at the poor quality, did not taste like the Mighty Leaf tea I'm accustomed to.
Will not order again, they're not terrible- but no comparison to the original nespresso pods. Ugh... at the great price I really wanted to like these!!!!
It doesn't task as Frappuccino as it advertised. Too sweet, no coffer favor.
I'll start by saying I LOVE Death Wish Coffee but I hate the pods. I highly recommend to anyone that wants to get the full experience of this great coffee to by the full bag of beans or ground coffee rather than these pods. I am not sure what it is about these pods, but they just don't work. The coffee is watered down and diluted and doesn't taste great. I resulted in cutting open the pods and putting the grounds into the special reusable kcup and it taste 100 times better. I know i could have returned it but i needed this coffee. I will continue to be a customer but will never buy the pods again unless they figure out how to change the design of them to work more efficiently.
Stick to the bottles. This was not good.
IT'S LIKE ALL WATER WITH CARAMEL COLORING. jUST A SLIGHT HINT OF VANILLA. SORRY.
Just ok - no better than a store.
As I am familiar with this brand, from growing up in Nebraska ( where it is made), I was really excited that my husband ordered it. The cheese flavor is great, but sadly, that's not enough to save it from being way too salty 🙁.
Ordered French Vanilla, package arrived quickly but immediately noticed a problem. The package contained 6 English Toffee containers. There's like 4 stickers around this thing that says English Toffee and 1 French Vanilla but no one caught it. Oh well, arranged for a replacement because I didn't want English Toffee. Specifically told them that I was sent the wrong product. Guess what....sent me the wrong product again. Same issue. So now I have 12 containers of English Toffee.....and still no French Vanilla. So, as far as my review of the product....it's based on the English Toffee.... I mean I figured I might as well try it since I had so many and undoubtedly someone felt I really needed it instead of what I ordered. ;) It blended well and price was comparable to what I could find locally when I could find it in stock. Flavor was ok but that may be a little biased because I really wanted French Vanilla and don't prefer English Toffee.
Didn't like the taste at all. I was really excited for the cinnamon roll ones, but they seem to have a very odd taste. I'm not sure if mine are spoiled or what, but I was so excited for them, but unfortunately didn't live up to my expectations
I haven't had this plant very long. It looked ok when I got it, but it is already very wilted. The leaves are starting to turn brown. I'm trying to save it, but I don't have much hope. 2 Stars because it did look ok at first so maybe it's my fault.
I've eaten this cereal since I was little. something major changed in the flavor since the last time I ordered.
This is a total rip off!! These bags are so small and are only filled 1/2 filled with product. For $9 there should be WAY more product. SAVE your money and do not buy this.
All these marshmallows have a strange aftertaste. Not what I was looking for.
Description said pack of 12. I wouldn't have bought this as a one pack. I'm disappointed.
When I received these, they were extremely melted. So much so that it was difficult to open the individual packaging. Because it was melted, the candies had a weird texture, but it was a pretty good flavor, especially for so few carbs. But the condition it arrived in results in my giving it only two stars
Both time I have ordered this the seel has been broken and the powder is all lumpy! I like the product but it makes me nervous to get it with the seel broken and it way harder for it to break down in my drink!!
30-40% CRACKED OR CRUSHED IN SHIPPING
Just had my second cup from the chocolate variety pack. Super disappointed, no flavor. Just tastes like a medium roast cup of coffee.
Purchased for xmas gift. Wooden case that holds the 3 bottles of oil was broken when it arrived
Not for me. Despite shaking, layers still separate, and I didn't love how it mixed with the coffee. Also extremely expensive for 4 small containers.
Tastes great, however, does not work with my Keurig 2.0. I've tried several times and every time my machine errors out and won't continue to brew. Works fine with other cups so I know it's not the machine or operator error!
Full of branches very little tea leaves
Let's be clear: if you are seeking a one-to-one brownie batter replacement that's healthier for you, you're going to be seriously disappointed. That said, if you're seeking something kind of sweet and different you may find this stuff to be okay. My biggest complaint is the price. There's no good reason for what this company is charging for this stuff, so even if did enjoy it wouldn't buy it again. If you really are a health nut, do yourself a favor and just go to the Minimalist Baker's website and make their peanut butter freezer fudge.
a co-workers bought some and shared, so I ordered and it's not the same it takes two bags to get the flavor of one not sure but the package looks the same.
No flakes, all crumbs. Not as hot as expected.
The flavor doesn't last long and it's NOT soft and chewy but rather hard and dry.
One coffee jar arrived in broken glass.
Amazon packaged this item poorly. I have no idea what it takes to rip a heavy plastic bag in an otherwise light box but they managed it.
These are mostly just apple with a trace of pomegranate and blueberry. Very EXPENSIVE for applesauce.
The chips are crisp and thin, crunchy and bubbly. They have no bacon aroma or flavor. They smell like over baked or too brown pie dough. The flavor is over browned/baked pie crust. If you like salted pie crust there are for you, just a little more crisp.
MOST..Kurig makers is what I guess I ignored. MY BAD. ... And in all fairness they do brew after the third try. EVERY variety from light to bold taste like the same brew.
Kind of disappointed on the taste. I've tasted better.
Weird chocolate powder covered almonds. Good theory but fail to please my spoiled tastes. Almonds dipped in real dark chocolate are way more better.
They are made with coconut oil, which I don't like, but thought I wouldn't taste the coconut so it didn't matter. I was wrong. I guess coconut oil has a very overpowering taste, because I think it made this popcorn taste bad. Or maybe it was the protein aspect, but I doubt it. The only way I could tolerate eating these was by adding lime juice. (Don't knock it 'til you try it). Anyway, even after brushing my teeth, flossing, and rinsing with mouthwash, the smell of chili/coconut oil still lingered in my mouth in a bad way. It made my breath stink the morning after I had done my oral hygiene routine. Maybe if you like coconut oil you'll like these.
I received the 70 calorie Brownie, Mint Fudge. It is nice that there are fewer calories, but unfortunately along with those 20 calories a lot of the flavor was also lost. The original 90 calorie recipe was moist and tasty. The 70 calorie variety is somewhat dry and less flavorful. I will no longer be purchasing these.
The order came very quickly but it was sent with no water with the flowers . The flowers looked wilted. I would buy again if there was a way to prevent this.
Many are over-roasted and stale. This must be their lowest quality stock
I was desperate to find a wrap that is grain free - so tried these . Just don't like the coconut-flavor, even though I normally love coconut - and the texture is kinda' 'slimy' is the only word I can give to it. So, when you factory in the price - it's a nope.
I tried all three flavors and I usually like pumpkin seeds but these bars did not taste at all good.
I ordered these on 22 July and they arrived 31 July. In that time the box must have been physically thrown about as most of the M&M's were broken and M&M dust littered the container. They taste alright but not as fresh as I'm used to. Will I buy again...nope, I'll go to Costco.
Way too sweet!! It has a great brownie flavor and texture but the cloying sweetness is absolutely revolting.
only got 7 of them . the container is tiny and just has one layer . not worth the price. the container was about the size of a coffee cup saucer . a rip off . the dipped cookies did taste good though.
I personally do not like this brand ordered it because what I normally get was out of stock. I will not be buying this stuff again
Product looks great, not melted like other reviews but the bag was sliced open! Would have given 5 stars if not for that!
This product is gravely misrepresented by Campbells. Not Amazon. Just received the product. Apart from the heating hazard. The product appears to have been pre-eaten. Most unattractive. Not quite tasteless but nearly. not up to Campbells usual standard of excellence.
I am giving this a two star because I am happy with the flavor itself however this 2lb container is very misleading. I opened both the plastic lid seal and the paper seal on the inside and was surprised by how little of powder was actually in the container. The powder only filled up half the container!!!
Item came with the lid off and the seal broken with powder spilling out. I am returning it.
I ordered for Christmas first delivery date was Dec. 4 th it didn't arrive. Second delivery date Dec. 8th still no package. During all of this I have heard nothing from the company. When I've tried to track the package all it says it that it has been labeled. I still have hopes of getting product but will never order from this company again.
No taste, Might as well be eating the bag,
It tastes really bad.. I guess I don't like almond milk..
This is my third attempt on buying this type of cinnamon. I come to the conclusion that Ceylon cinnamon is supposed to taste like an old fashioned cinnamon hot ball candy, which I don't like. I usually buy Vietnam cinnamon from the health store but as you know that's not true cinnamon or said to have same health benefits. The cinnamon arrived packaged well and smelled ok no problem with supplier, it's just not for me . I can neither recommend or say there is a problem comes down to taste . Vietnam cinnamon just totally different and is used more in baking,it's not grocery store cheap cinnamon .
expiration date was the day the product was delivered.
We have had this coming directly from France via our trips and this tin was rather stale and not so fragrant ;(
Smaller bottles and the flavors are "ok". Mocha was what I really wanted and it's ok. Vanilla and salted car taste just like what you would expect. Not worth the price.
All 4 that we ordered were shipped separately poorly packaged!! They were all broke open so that the chocolate bars were floating around in the package. Very disappointed as these were bought to give as Christmas gifts!!
Wanted to give this a chance, especially since I live in Hawaii. It's just basically the same flavor as Tabasco. Heavy vinegar, spicy, and not much else.
Due to 85-90 degree temps. & unknown amt. Of time for licorice on postal delivery truck, but most of the licorice was melted into a big blob. So sad.
These were old Christmas candy.
Vanilla chai made my taste buds upset. The citrus is my fav. Not enough for the price.
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my friend and the design on the box is really pretty (I got the cherry blossom one), however there's some dirty, black strips on the box that really ruined the picture and I had to use eraser to kinda make them lighter (impossible to completely remove them without damage the box) and the inside of the box there's loose tea leaves everywhere... If I just got it for myself then these should be no problem, however, as this is a gift for someone...I think they should do a better job at least keep the box clean and maybe secure the tea leaves inside the small tea box better :((
I very much like the flavor of this gum, for the entire 60 seconds that it lasts. I would give it a five star rating IF the chocolate mint flavor was in more than the candy coating. Add the flavor to the gum itself and I would buy it again and again.
Very much a novelty gift. Disappointed in the size for the price. It does state the size, just did not seem like a good value when received.
Does not taste good; undissolved particles float on top after mixing with hot water
The prior reviews concerning the decreased quality of this tea seemed a bit dated so I took a chance and ordered what used to be my favorite loose tea. Should have listened to the other buyers. This bulk loose leaf tea is now chopped bits and stems - no better than teabag-quality - where it used to be high quality tea leafs. The taste is also less enjoyable.
It was an order for a friend. I would not touch it.
Didn't like the taste
When I ordered them from a different seller they arrived in a better bag with cool pads inside to keep the chocolate from melting. Not Amazon, Inc.. They were shipped in a box, in a cheap bag and melted. I will be more careful in ordering next time NOT to use Amazon, Inc.
The flavor is poor when compared to nespresso and other brand pods.
Several cans were smashed and had exploded. I will be contacting the seller.
All the flavors nobody wants! All in one bag!!
Bitter, which is disappointing.
This was just OK. A very meager portion of milk chocolates. Not a very good variety. The box came a bit damaged; the chocolate was alright, but definitely was shaken around in the box when it arrived. It could have been packed better.
I really like most of the Lance crackers. The peanut and cheese versions are tasty. Captain's wafers are really good. These are just so..so. There are far better tasting cheese crackers available from many sources.
Candy arrived in good condition, however the candy carton flaps were dry and not sealed. This box should have been shrunk wrap or protected to ensure freshness.
Disappointed. These are super dry. I have to make sure I have something to drink when I eat them. They crumble easily. I'm a mom that needs quick snacks for my blood sugar. I really was hoping these would be good. Oh well. The chocolate ones were also disappointing for the same reasons.
The box was mostly cookies and had no real variety.
Was supposed to get 3 flavors. Ended up with 2 lemon lime and 2 fruit punch.
The box was left on the first floor entrance apartment building by the mail box. It was not delivered to your apartment door which all other deliveries are. Anyone comes inside the building can take the box which was not a secure order.
The package was not full. Cheap company has to save a penny by not filling it full. Took all the fun out of it.
I loved the coffee, but it cost to much money for such a small amount of coffee.
I like the fact that this copy was organized in separate plastic bags by Flavour. Many of the packages we have ordered have not been organized that way. The problem is that the flavors do not taste like their names. Most of them are very bitter. I order a lot of coffee online and this selection is the least flavorful. I have not tried any of their flavored coffee that tasted like it's name except the caramel, but even that had an unpleasant aftertaste. With each cup I sampled at the bottom of the cup was a lot sludge and the aftertaste was not good. I will not purchase this selection again.
Got these to make gifts with dried orange slices. But they barely had a good cinnamon scent. I had to buy cinnamon drops to ad to them. Only gave 2 starts because at least it looked pretty.
How do you avoid tea that smells like dirty feet??? Is it just me? What will mask the awful taste and smell?
Very short best by window. Disappointed.
Doesn't taste like Sumatra and after opening 2 different packs, the beans look different. Won't order this product through Amazon again.
I was so excited for these, but I can't get past the texture or taste. They taste like lemon flavored dirt, and they are so unbelievably dry.
The chickpeas were very stale and tasteless.
This last Pure Stevia Powder that I ordered was not the same as usual. Definitely not nearly as sweet. I am having to use twice as much as before.
I bought this product to send to my family to a different country. The shipment itself will take more than a month. I wish this product had at least 6 months before expiration date. Very disappointed and will not order again from this seller.
I used to love the Bai Molokai coconut. Now it seems like every other bottle tastes off and I have to pour it down the drain. At first I thought it was my taste buds, but I always open another bottle and it tastes fine. I'm not sure if these can go bad, or if the formula changed or what. I do know that I don't like being unpleasantly surprised and wasting money. I'll have to go back to drinking spring water. 🙁
Accidently purchased and then couldn't get someone to contact back for return policy. Now I have 20 bucks worth of soup I don't need.
I was trying to do some responsible snacking and thought this was the answer. I literally couldn't eat half of them. Somehow the preparation was just too sweet to be edible - and I've eaten dried cranberries by the handful, but this was way sweeter than that. Will not be buying again.
I enjoyed the larger serving but not the flavor
A little oilier than I expected. Taste is just ok. It's adequate for emergency stash food in the car, but otherwise won't be ordering again.
Didn't really taste like peppermint.
This coffee is meh. It doesn't have the strength I need in the morning. Has a bizarre flavor.
sorry did not like it, can get the same effect with putting seltzer in juice.
I specifically ordered ground coffee. I received beans and the product is not returnable. Plus the tag on the bottom says ground. Nowhere on the bag is any mention of beans like I received.
I'm unsure how these tasted as the box was open and dumped all over the shipping box. There were other items shipped with it but this was the only open container and they were mostly dust.
Not what I expected not worth the money
This is the fourth time I have received an incorrect shipment for Rice Select. In this most recent case the branding and packaging states 'brown and red rice with Barley & Rye' BUT when I opened the packaging since it comes in a four pack, I received only one 'brown and red rice with barley and Rye' the other 3 packages were wild rice .... with white rice. There is a reason I buy 'brown rice'.
The unpleasant taste, and difficulty of mixing it with water, caused me to give up on this product. It may be healthy, but yuck!
Unlike the Bananas Foster, I do taste a hint of Brown Sugar and Bourbon however, I do believe it's Chicory, is still overpowering the taste of Brown Sugar and Bourbon.
I like the thought that u would buy a huge tub of olives and it could last me for a while, you see in my house olives are eaten a lot, we love it. However, the amount of salt in this product is ridiculous, we can't finish the jar we have. My 9 year old who loves olives complains of it being too salty. Beware middle age folks this may send your blood pressure through the roof. We wash them before we eat any.
Ordered macadamia nut butter, but received hazelnut butter which I'm allergic to. Be sure you examine the label when you receive your order to make sure it's actually what you ordered!
although Keurig did offer a discount for not being able to cancel/price match order, offer was not on product that was ordered
An attempt was made to bubble wrap this product but 2/3's of them were still broken. Just buy from the store
I won't buy these again. The box was destroyed and open upon arrival, as well as the bars were stale.
The Apple Pie ones are really good, but the Cashew ones are all rancid. Notice the puffy packaging, I ate one and the bar is putrid.
Received my package today the box was damaged and two of the containers were busted open.
This taste was not exact same as Japan version I tried both US product and Japan product I think US version taste was not great But it is ok to me
The top half of this bag of rice was good-but the bottom was moldy even though the expiration was more than a year off and it had been kept in a clean, dry space.
The only flavor my family will drink is Gatorade. But they will tolerate this.
I wanted to like these. I was so hopeful. The texture is like a sponge. No matter how much I toasted them they had an odd sponge like quality.
Very disappointing product overall the skinny tea is a nice tea to take in morning it does absolutely nothing but the most disappointing product was the colon tea it does not work I've let it brew for up to 10 mins and it didn't do anything different for me. Honestly this was a waste of my money.
did not like, walnuts seemed rancid.
Product wasnt fresh. Not much maple flavor. Bad purchase.
I encourage the seller to send them in box instead of using a plastic bag. It arrived teared apart
Product is not that great for making chapstick.
Over 1/2 of the cookies was crushed. Only gave 2 stars because they shipped fast
The sponge was too hard
Melted af. Was at my house when the guy dropped it off, but still just soft choco/pb mush in bags
The crackers came in a plastic envelope. The crackers were crushed. Who sends crackers in an envelope and not a BOX
It comes with sand into it
As with other reviewers (saw that later) this came up when I searched specifically for "gluten free" beef bouillon. As soon as I got it I reviewed the label again, as I do with everything, because we can't have a speck of gluten in our house. It is made in a facility that also has gluten in it and so easily cross contaminated. Immediately requested the return which was a very easy process to get refunded. If you are looking for gluten free we use Herb Ox.
Not as rich and flavorful as we had hoped.
My granddaughter loves this and a case from Amazon is cheaper than the singles from the grocery store.
I was pleased to find Miss Vickie's potato chips at Amazon because they're not available in stores here, so I ordered a box of 28 of the small bags. When they arrived yesterday, we noticed that the "best by" date is only three weeks out -- much shorter than the date of any chips in the grocery store. Come on...............we're not going to eat all those chips in three weeks. I feel misled.
This is a fine tasting tahini and the price is right but it was very difficult to open initially and subsequently as you simply pop the cover on and off, no screwing which means it is a very tight fit and difficult to open. Also all plastic bottle and top. Other than that, found it much too runny for my taste. I spread it on bread or such and it just runs off the sides....
I was so excited to find a dairy free bunny for my daughter. I read other reviews and made sure I was getting it as soon as it was delivered, so it wouldn't melt. But he came broken into three parts. Bummer.
Sweet but not much raspberry flavor
The powder was not very sour.
all foam....so it made with half as much shampoo with half it's contains water.
Don't care for the after taste of this tea, leaves a strong bitter/acidic taste.
The were smashed when I received them, but the crumbs tasted good.
Way overpriced. You pay about 3.00 bottle
Overpriced, lower level french pate. If you like dog food, this is for you.
I thought it would be good to get this in portion-controlled packs using carrots and celery sticks. But it was hard to remove the butter without a knife. The butter was dry and grainy.
Peach flavor is very subtle. The tea itself is quite weak. I would not buy again.
I love the flavors and all, and the packages came 2 days early. The only problem I have is that when it was delivered, the man delivering it must've thrown it at my door because multiple of the bowls were cracked to the point I had to transfer them all to different containers with tops.
Did not work for me. It does help you get your liquids in for the day to produce milk. Hopefully it helps with other moms. Just no increase in milk for me.
This doesn't seem very sweet to me. Says it's pure but for my taste it takes much more than the recommended 3 or 4 drops.
Although I SPECIFIED a delivery date, they delivered it two days before my mom's birthday. So don't use this outfit for anything time sensitive.
I bought these last year for $23 for 2 1/2 pounds. These are being sold for $16 for 1 pound. Do the math. I think $8-$10 per pound is the right price, making these over 50% more expensive than what seems reasonable. Once they arrived I realized just how few mints you get for your $16. The mints seem pretty fresh so that is good - they're just way overpriced for the amount, unfortunately.
Okay, I know this is a tuna product, and tuna is a fish. The flavor was too fishy for my taste.
I received the wrong product (I ordered vanilla and got salted caramel instead)! I know I can return it, but I didn't realize it was salted caramel until today when I had my coffee (I don't read labels on the bottles before coffee!) Anyway, I had gotten my box, unpacked it and put the carton in the recycling before I noticed, so now I'm stuck with 4 bottles of something I don't like--my order says vanilla, so I doubt they would believe me. It's too much of a pain to fight the battle to return the bottles that are unopened. Maybe I'm being lazy, but I'm hoping the review will get someone's attention so people will be more careful in the future.
This stuff tastes like cooking oil and not at all like movie theater butter. Also, beware that an order is for 6 bottles, not just one. I wish I'd known that because now I'm stuck with 6 bottles of something I don't like.
Arrived with two of the eight bottles broken!
Said I was getting 7oz bag got 2oz bag real disappointed.
I thought these would be lace cookies, but they're really not. They're hard as rock, and taste like sugar cubes. Terribly disappointing.
The *ham* tasted like what I would imagine dirty wet socks would taste like... everything else was great.
It appeared as if the tub had already been opened, half poured out and then resealed.
I liked the product but didn't realize these are very tiny tiny packets not sufficient for a single person snack and not very cost effective either
Not impressed. Not enough flavor.
I love this flavor an d it is hard to find but it was not packaged properly. I received a bunch of dented sticky cans. At least one of them is flat and I suspect more as several are dented. I opened the package the way it was received.
So the cookies were delivered past the delivery date. I also asked them to include a message and the message was not written how I asked. Wouldn't order again
The bars I was under the impression that the bars was full size.
Daughter got this following surgery and thought she would like to try again. Could only buy it in quantity of 27. Found out it now upsets her stomach. She tried a total of 3 and gave up which equates to about $3 for each little box. I'll be tossing out over $70 worth!
Don't buy this in the summertime even if you live in a cooler area since it's shipped from Walmart in Atlanta. And, that's another thing, If I wanted to buy from Walmart, I would have ordered from Walmart. What's up with that? Is this company just some kid.
This product came loose in a bag rolled up taped and placed in a light bubble wrap envelope. Several were broken and useable. Poorly thought out shipping.
They put to much salt in the jars. I would like to keep buying it. If they would just lower the salt content
The package came with oil leaked. One of the container's had a loose seal so the lid was oily and the package had oil stains. We have eaten it before and taste is good.
Not what I expected. Sort of waxy.
I tried the brownie mix and and loved it so I thought I would try the blondie mix. I didn't like it at all. Awful aftertaste. Had to throw it out. :(
Not particularly happy with this product. The string has come off every single tea bag that I have taken out of the cardboard box. And there doesn't seem to be much flavor to the teabags at all. I have bought Stash tea before and usually you can smell the fragrance from the tea as soon as you open the package. I don't get any peachy aroma at all from these teabags. So mildly disappointed, especially since I ordered the box of 100. I almost think they are seconds or something. There was no expiration date on the box as far as I could determine.
Got my rockstars delivered yesterday and my kids seen the Amazon person just drop the box on the ground and my rockstars exploded and got all dented.
It did not keep well at all and the taste was no where near flavorful
Not really good caviar taste. It would be better to pay more and have better taste. Lesson learned.
If you just want to eat sugar for the sake of eating sugar, these are fine. They aren't sticky, the gummies are stretchy and well made, the belly has a slight marshmallow texture/flavor compared to the top, but they just don't taste like anything other than "sweet". It's pretty bland and uninteresting. I won't be buying this again, and I'm trying to figure out which family member's sweet tooth will eat the rest of the bag for me, because I sure won't be doing it.
Product arrives with mayonnaise on the outside
Too expensive for the size
Although this tea tastes great, it's a complete waste of money. I drink it in the morning and again in the afternoon. It gives me as much perk as a cup of coffee. I'd buy it again if it were priced like other normal teas since that's all it really is but I certainly wont fall for this gimmick again. Save yourself your time and money. Stop reading reviews and find something better.
Not worth it no difference from other products
We bought this bag when Amazon was having a deal of the day discount on candy. We had intended to hand out for Halloween, but the quality control on the wrappers is a huge issue. I have a giant sweet tooth so the first thing I did when we got the box of candy today was try and sample some...I noticed almost all of the lollipop wrappers are smashed around the candy part, and the wrapper is not sealed over the stick part well at all so the lollipops are stale. If I were a parent checking Halloween candy, just how open the wrapper is, I wouldn't want my kids to eat it and would throw it out. It honestly looks like tampered candy. The other candy types are okay, but the lollipops were a huge let down especially as they are more than half the bag.
Should not be ordered or shipped in hot weather.
Cans are very tiny. So these are expensive compared to other products that you can buy from stores.
Not the bold flavor I'm used to in a Sumatra coffee. Did not care for it; took it to work for others to use that prefer a milder flavor.
My first three or four capsules worked flawlessly and the coffee is great! For some reason, my machine stopped working well with these capsules, emitting only a tiny amount of over-concentrated coffee with every single capsule I've tried after those first few. I didn't even use a different capsule between the ones that worked perfectly and all the subsequent failures. If the entire box worked as the first few, I would have easily given 5 stars but seeing as how I can no longer get a decent cup out of these - and have no idea why - I am no longer satisfied with this product.
Candy was old and hard.
Of all cheeses, Blue Cheese, Sharp Cheddar, & Smoked Gouda should pique the taste buds, as if demanding a good wine accompaniment. The Glacier Ridge would be overwhelmed by a bottled water, much less a bottled wine.
Not bad not very pasta like and it is too expensive
Packets are incredibly small and not worth the money. They are delicious but only like 5 almonds per packet and only 10 packets total. 50 almonds for that price is not worth it.
I bought this acrylic sign for my mom's birthday cake. The sign is designed beautifully, however it is extremely delicate in the thinly cut sections. The product arrived broken at the 'a' in "Happy" and the 'y' in "Birthday" was completely separated. The laser cut in those areas were extremely thin and did not withstand the the impact from movement within the seller's packaging. Was not able to use it as gluing it didn't work out and there are no refunds/exchanges.
I ordered a 2lb box (next day shipping) for the kiddos. When they arrived I immediately brought them in from outside. Out of the box they were melted and the 2lb box was a complete waste. Impossible to open individual candy wrappers do to melting. I even found a unwrapped piece of candy melted inside. Kiddos were upset when I had to throw a 2lb box of candy away.
Did not receive them in a box kinda stale very disappointing they also expire July 30 Th. Description said box of 6 not delivery box and 6 bags of Cheetos .
Lid was broken on bottle. I don't want to write review but I can't figure out who to contact.
In 2019 l have ordered and received twenty 40 ounce bags of Starbucks French Roast Coffee Beans through Amazon. The June 3, 2019 order has been a disappointment. No wonderful fresh coffee bean aroma nor glistening wet appearance. Both the sign of old, poor storage or poor product received from Starbucks, supplied by CV Traders. Shall continue to use this 2nd bad bag for l paid for them. This happened in the past as well. Maybe it is time to switch to Peet's Coffee.
If you like strong coffee do not go here. Caza does not even approach dark roast in my world. However, it is smooth and you can't beat the price. Will work them into the supply over time and going back to Green Mountain Dark Magic. Use gallon zip top bags to store them, they come loose in the large box.
Smaller than expected. I feel like I just paid $18. for a small bag of Doritos. The chips were also broken into pieces. Very disappointed with purchase. Will not reorder.
The flavor sounded interesting, but for me it doesn't really work with almonds.
If you're looking for a warm fuzzy memory of the chewing gum your father or grandpa chewed and shared with you, this will be a disappointment. The flavor is not quite the same, the gum no longer contains pepsin and it does not have the same biting taste when you start to chew it. And the flavor does not last very long either. Sorry guys, but this reproduction effort just doesn't make the grade...
Sauce is great, but half my order was cracked open and missing
The cookies were great, the packaging was under case of glucerna with bubble wrap on top of case. So I have a nice bit of cookie crumble.
Compared to other Fat bombs I have had this wasn't good at all to me. Had. A weird taste and showed up melted.
My husband and I recently planted a church and needed some communion supplies. Liked these as they were compact and easy. Just received the box and I am disappointed. At least a dozen of the pieces look like they had been tampered with. Juice tasted stale and old although the expiration on the box says September 2018 (8 months from now). I'm afraid to use the others. The writing is in red font and is barely legible on the cups.
Came all melted together.
They tasted say stale and I won't buy them again.
Not that strong & bitter after taste
The product is great but my order was short one can!! How does this even happen?
I really don't like the taste of this product. It's not even about missing the sugar, it just tastes weird to me.
Not the same bold taste as before
Items arrived and one of the six boxes was open, it looks like it was packaged this way, not a shipping issue. All the other boxes were fine. Not comfortable eating the items from the open box.
Used to actually be from California. Not any more. They're currently falsely advertising but they have a Legal Disclaimer so that's cool!
The flavor of the crumbs err chips were great just the packaging was not conducive to keeping the chips intact.
Found dead bug at bottom of drink!
gave them to a friend & he liked them !!!!
We have been on a subscription for this honey and have had no problems until recently. The last 4 jars of honey were milky and hard to pour. We cancel our subscription.
The order I received in late feb 2019 expired on March 19, 2019. My fault for not noticing but that's a big order to eat in 3 weeks. Cancelling my subscribe and save... they are good but not that good.
These are not full size. The picture and explanation imply that they are. They are bigger than a fun size but not full sized. Just so you're aware. Still they taste delicious and aren't tiny but just thought it should be known.
Really hot, to hot to eat.
I used to order this tea from a different company. It just doesn't taste the way I remember it tasting.
Wow I thought I was getting premium grade matcha.... The color is way too green and smells a bit like a hint mackerel. Maybe I got a wrong batch but really would not recommend.
Made according to directions. Very weak. Made again doubled the bags, ok tasting but won't buy again.
Great product but awful packaging. Both times I have ordered all the containers are smashed and at least one was open and leaked everywhere.
Colossal screw-ups are not limited to small businesses. Coca-Cola did it when they launched New Coke. They learned their lesson, however, and returned to Coke Classic. Regal Crown changed something in their candy formula. It is no long the oh, so very cherry I recall from my youth. Now it is ordinary and unremarkable. I can find any number of other hard candies just as good. Take a lesson from Coca-Cola, Regal Crown. Bring back the old flavors that made you great. Are you content to be mediocre?
It was really hard to work with even after I put it in water
Pods leaked coffee grounds
These are delicious but one jar not good. Three of the four jars were fine & one was open & spilled in packaging so for the price would have expected better packing 😞
This popcorn didn't want to pop. There were many kernels left in the pan. I actually like popcorn the next day, but this popcorn was so tough you couldn't eat it when it was freshly popped. We won't buy this again.
I love these bars, but these were stale!
There's an odd aftertaste and the texture is nothing like a slim jim. It's more soft and gritty.
I dislike this brand because I received the 72 count of Newman special blend. And so far out of that supply I received 3 pods that were empty. Don't know if I will receive any more. I think the coffee is to expensive to have any empty pods
Haven't used it. Was going to keep it on hand for making bread but the package was leaking cereal. The package was done correctly but the cereal itself should have been wrapped in bubble wrap.
Sorry- but this is not a creamer- especially for coffee. I just purchased it and stirred 3 full spoons in and it simply does NOT cream- the taste is below average at best. We'll go back to the best quality creamer we found which is the Label Readers Coffee Creamer. Sorry guys
Was excited to get these as I cant find this flavor in my area, but I was pretty bummed to open the box and find one of them like in the picture. Whats more aggrivating is that it was packaged that way because there no damage to the package itself.
Disappointed. I always either get the espresso or the extra strong brand of this coffee. if you like flavor DONT buy this one !! taste like I'm drinking hot water with my half-and-half
I am not sure how old they are but they are not definitely not fresh.
I fell in love with these Reese's hearts during Valentine's Day. When I received these very pricey hearts they tasted if they had been stored with some other candy and it absolutely ruined them. I would return them if I could.
the taste is good but it doesn't work i have had it for two weeks now and still bloated my bowels are same as before i had the tea.
This product is yummy, but after eating one I noticed a strange hole in the wrapper. It seemed like it had been burnt and melted. Since I had bought a box I went through the ones I had left and found another one with the same hole in the wrapper and the bar exposed. Hopefully a manufacturing error and not tampering. Anybody else have this problem?
Delicious taste! Love the buttery flavor. As soon as I received them I tried the chocolate. MUCH to expensive for the amount in the package!! The chocolate had 22 small heart shaped pieces. I won't order again! Shame too.
Arrived shattered so I never had a chance to try it.
I make Bulletproof to drink every morning. I purchased these for traveling. But it taste nothing like real Bulletproof coffee. It has chemical taste. I'm not even sure if it's good for me.
I purchased elderberry syrup and it tasted great. Then I ordered another bottle from a different company (It was cheaper) and it tasted awful. I was excited when I saw that tea is available. Unfortunately, the company that I bought the “good” tasting syrup from doesn't make tea. I read the reviews for this product and most people said it tasted great. I thought it tasted awful. Not only that but it smells awful too. I made a cup and drank it in my office and someone asked what that awful smell was! I know that taste is subjective but I just didn't like this tea, but you may like it. Give it a try. Buy the smallest package until you know if you like it or not. I'll be trying a different brand next time.
I guess I made the mistake of assuming a product was good based off reviews. I love cold brew and use a toddy to make mine and decided to give this stuff a try. It's pretty smooth but it has no flavor profile, and for a dark roast it's not at all bold and forward. It almost tastes like nothing. There's no way this can possibly have this many legit 5-star reviews and be so popular. Avoid this stuff.
They appear to have melted and reformed...lots of pits in the candy that are not seen when you buy them in the store. Might even wonder if they were from last years' crop. Taste OK but not the quality I expected for the price!
This pack was just decent. A lot of pods are artificially flavored in which isn't my scene.
But these at Target much cheaper
Sooo disappointed! I ordered this because of all the good reviews, I expected it to really have a minty flavor but I used over a tablespoon in a cup of coffee and I didn't really notice any difference. I had originally tried a different top brand and was extremely disappointed in it too. I guess I will have to go back to using my Peppermint essential oil.
It's HARDLY 2/3 of the way full. This happens almost every time I buy a jar of this...maybe it will be the last. If they want to sell it as a 6oz jar that's fine, but I'm sick of paying for air.
Not impressed at all. Coffee smells & tastes burnt.
Almost tasteless. Have to put a lot on just to get a little cheesy flavor. Local grocer cheese seasoning is better and cheaper.
Too sweet tasting for me. Tried to not use much but then had no taste.
These were a gift. When I received the box, parts of it were discolored like it had gotten wet. The plastic was wrapped so I thought nothing of it. When the receiver of the gift opened the box unfortunately it was melted and deformed. They did say that the chocolate tasted good. I feel for the price of the chocolates I should not have received defective product. I could not figure out how to contact the company or seller but would have liked to.
Bleh.. Its "ok" but wont be a repeat buyer. Odd taste
Too expensive for the amount you recieve.
i bought thes and the Emerald brand to compare and the Emerald brand was way better. These have almost too much sugar and not enough nut. Think of over breaded chicken nuggets. They'd be good if it were about half the amount of coating,
Was way to expensive for what I got. I thought I was getting 3 bottles and only got 1. Won't buy it again
They were dry and almost tasteless. Will not order again but it was worth the try. Other products with brand have been very good
As someone who has lived in Southeast Asia and frequently drank coconut water plucked from the tree, this is not how fresh young coconut water tastes like. Rather, it is exactly how stale and very old coconut water would taste. Those reviewers who say that this tastes natural have never had fresh coconut water before. That being said, there is nothing wrong with liking this artificial taste. To each his own, but just don't call it natural or fresh tasting.
Why does Amazon have to charge almost twice what Costco charges for the same cereal? Not a good deal here.
Packaging was awful. Couldn't get to them without tearing the whole thing apart. Said they'd send me new ones but that never happened!
Gross water, great bottles to refill
Candy arrived melted and out of shape. Sides of the wrapper was soft and discolored. 1 Ib (about 80 pcs) of melted pieces is not worth $11.00
The bottom of the bag had a hole and got baking soda everywhere.....
Product tasted mostly sugary, and not as much hazelnut.
I ordered a bunch of Good Dee's products last week. I've since tried a bunch and this recipe is my least favorite. It really does not taste good and there's a weird aftertaste to it too. I was hoping these would be amazing because I prefer a blondie over a brownie, but these just are not good. Just go for the brownie mix.
This is not authentic truffle oil. It is mostly other oils with a little truffle oil.
The color was not bright red and the taste was spicy hot just like any other red pepper powder. It is too expensive for the tastes it delivers. You can find the fine tasting red pepper powders just like this one in any Asian grocery store at a fraction of the cost.
They were fresh but packaging must have not been heat resistant and/or truck they shipped in because most were stuck/ melted together
I'm an Oreo fan, so I'm shocked at how much I didn't enjoy these cookies. I'm pretty sure it's the coconut flavor in the filling that is ruining the taste for me, it gives the cookie an extreme sweet finish that's just “too much” when paired with the outer fudge. I'm going to see if Oreo is making these with their regular creme filling. The good news: each little cookie is about the size of a quarter, and you get to have 9 for just 150 calories. Not sure whether even a coconut-lover would want to eat that many, but it might be nice to eat just 2 or 3 to finish a meal or satisfy an urge for a treat.
Man, this stuff REALLY works! Its absolutely awesome! The best fizzy stick I have ever taken, the Vitamin B levels are off the charts, it works amazingly for its intended uses... I simply CANNOT justify the single use plastic containers, what a joke and a total waste of Mother Earth!!! NO BUENO!!! I'll keep looking for a great fizzy stick for what ails me that is not blatantly killing our planet.
Love the coffee. For the first time my delivery was damaged in shipment. There were no bubbles protecting this shipment. 2 of the 3 cans arrived damaged.
Two stars for taste and scent. Both are great, but the stomach pain, cramps, and loose movements aren't worth it. I envy those who have had normal movements because mine has been anything but. "Gentle" isn't a word I would use for this product.
Went at all what expected, had a weird texture and taste, nor recommended. Also comes in very small amount for 10$
The delivery service is unacceptable, they drop the package over the gate ignoring the big barrel that has PACKAGES on a big sign, the dogs ruin the package, again. How stupid are these people?
WASN'T BUFFALO FLAVORED. IT TASTES LIKE STRONG VINEGAR AND HOT PEPPERS. THE JAR IS SMALL AND YOU ONLY GET ABOUT 6 EGGS. I THOUGHT IT WOULD TASTE LIKE SAUDER'S BUFFALO STYLE EGGS. THOSE ARE BOMB BUT COULDN'T FIND THEM IN THE STORES ANYMORE.
Did not like it. Gave away.
This review is more for the seller than the product, I love the shakes. I always order two cases at a time and last time I only recieved one case. I contacted the seller and didn't even get a response.
Love the flavor! Unfortunately, the lids of the k cups aren't sealed properly so I'm forever cleaning coffee grounds out of my keurig and having to pour out the last sip of my coffee because it's full of grounds. It's incredibly annoying. I have not had this problem with any other folgers k cups in other flavors. I won't buy them again.
I love the concept due to dietary restrictions but very strong yeast taste.
There were only 3 packets of Mike and Ike's, and they were all different flavors. Lots of individually wrapped candy, but not in a snack size packaging. For example, there are several individual starbursts as opposed to being in a dual pack. Very disappointed.
Other airheads from stores didn't leave mouths this green after 1-2 bites so I couldn't end up using them for what I wanted them for.
One of the pods was broken
Very disappointed to find a expiration date of May 2019!!
I think the flavored packets taste worst than the original. I try covering up the taste in smoothies, which works with the original okay, but flavored ones turn the whole shake into something better suited for a horse to enjoy than a human being. It tastes very strongly of hay.
It has a bitter taste.
The texture is great, but this pepperoni is lacking in flavor. I was expecting a bit more spice and herbs. I would rather pick up some pre-sliced mass produced pepperoni from the store.
put it on crackers. Too much chocolate and not enough peanut butter.
I was hoping them to taste better but these taste bad. Also if you have histamine intolerance, then please avoid this. Because it caused my histamine intolerance flare up.
Not my cup of tea...and I love tea. I was hoping for the best but just don't like the taste.
Packets of sugar arrive in a bag that isn't from the sugar manufacturer. Packets are bent. Some broken. Sugar is all over my counter. I am not happy.
It would have been nice to get what I ordered or what was shown as being sold.
I would not purchase this item again. Although, I like that it's BPA free and not plastic the after taste that it leaves tastes like that of cardboard.
The taste is just okay because I've had better, and the popcorn becomes sticky even in an air conditioned apartment. This was just something to satisfy the taste buds while waiting for my order to arrive. I would not buy this in bulk. One bag, if at all.
The texture and the overall product didn't live up to reviews. Didn't get rid of bruise any faster. Figure I can use on bottom of feet,now.
Worst tasting bars I've had in a long time. And I'm not spoiled. These are just not pleasant.
I love these, but I was disappointed when one of the bags was damaged when I received the package. Too risky.
What happened? Where are those traditional seed? Those additives kill the taste.
Tasted ok. Will try the other flavors to see if I find one I really love.
Very cheap thin metal used with sharp edges. Lids never fit properly
Best pancake mix ever but the packaging was not sufficient and all 3 bags were busted open inside- Did not use.
not much for your $$ mostly crushed chips
I don't mind the tart flavor but I don't like how powder doesn't really dissolve. I find it hard to get down.
I have purchased the beef sticks and bars from amazon and directly from mission meats and love them. But was disappointed that this bacon was not spicy at all. Was looking for more heat. Was little pricey for what u get too.
I LOVE Royal Hawaiian Sea Salt Macadamia nuts, so I bought this large package since it was cheaper that buying the 5oz packages individually. What it arrived, the nuts were stale and had hardly any salt on them. I like light salt but this was almost non-existent. I should have sent them back, but in a pique, I just threw them away and went out and bought individual 5oz packages again.
The product tastes great. It's one of my favorite Atkins bar. But they are always sold out in stores so I ordered three boxes online. Like another reviewer said, the caramel was squished out and stuck to the wrapper leaving it impossible to enjoy as designed. All three boxes were the same. Maybe ordering outside of summer will help but I'd definitely look in stores first.
Not packaged in external box. Product came damaged. No option to return
These are clearly a mass produced product like Brach's here in the US. Not even close to being as fancy as the tin suggests. The texture (and flavor) is pretty much unmelted sugar with cream and vanilla. A very grainy textured caramel-like flavor. I didn't get a single piece of Ginger flavor, but the other three flavors are bland to the point of tasting like a plain piece of badly made caramels. The Rum Raisin tastes plain except for one or two pieces of raisin, the Apple Cinnamon has a vague flavor of artificial apple flavor and no cinnamon flavor at all, and the Strawberries and Cream tastes a bit like artificial strawberry flavor. Way too expensive for such cheaply made candy.
Was disappointed in the taste..
I wanted to like this coffee but i just could not find the taste , found it to be king of just so-so , And the plastic pods do not help either get very little coffee out of them , I think legato should invest on the aluminium pods .
I ordered one bag on milk chocolate and one bag of dark chocolate. We received 2 bags of milk chocolate.
In comparison to Fresh Roast brand this coffee was weak at my normal coffee to water ratio. Increasing amount of coffee did not improve flavor. Has a stale woody taste.
This tastes exactly like nothing. I ordered it along with some PB&Me Peanut Butter; by combining one part almond butter power to three parts peanut butter powder I was able to use the almond stuff. That was better than throwing it away but not by much.
This coffee arrived quickly and had a great price. I should have known that there would be something wrong. The flavor is almost nonexistent. Even when you brew the coffee brewed on the strongest setting is very light colored and you can't taste it at all. I was very disappointed by this brand and do not recommend it to anyone
I had no problems with the product. They delivered my product to the wrong apartment but my neighbor is an honest person and brought it to me. I have lost several items in past due to delivering it to wrong door. Might want to look at your delivery personnel.
I am not sure what that 'cold pack' was that was intended to keep the M&M's cool but clearly by the pics that did not work.
These were not good. I love their sweetness so I had high hopes. These are so gritty and just not a good decision.
I loved these growing up and was super excited to share these with my kids....boy was I wrong, they tasted like they'd been soaked in soap. All 5 of my kids plus myself instantly spit them out. I thought maybe the first bag was just bad luck...nope second one tasted like soap also. Very disappointed!
Good in concept but this box was Old and dried-out.
I've used Bob Red Mill Gluten Free Flour and have been satisfied. This size is not worth the price. My mistake but I swear this was supposed to be a two pack. I can get the same size for half the price at Wal Mart. Was going to return it to find out that this product is not eligible for return.
I have had this brand of cracker before and they were fine. These were extremely dry and dusty. I could not find a "sell by" date anywhere on the packaging, but I'm sure they are old. Disappointed because it was a pretty good price (but apparently too good to be true).
These taste as if they've been on the shelf for years. No idea if it's Trolli recipe changing since I've had them last, or they truly are an overstock item that's older but will not be buying these again.
For awhile it was awesome. Sweet, salty, and couldn't put it down. I could gobble up a bag in one sitting. Light and satisfying. Prices is expensive, but was a guilty treat. The last 3 orders though, they must have changed the formula. Way less sweet and salty. The popcorn is still good, but not worth that much good. The hints are still there, but the mind numbing pleasure is gone... will not buy again. I thought maybe I got a bad batch. Nope. They changed it. I'm done.
These are not the same size as the ones in the box. They also don't taste as good as the ones in the box. I love Barnum animal crackers and have been eating them for years. I ate three of these cookies and decided I didn't want to anymore.
I wasn't impressed with the flavor of this broth.
Much larger than the picture suggests
Pros: natural, simple ingredients Cons: tiny bags, must eat quickly after opening, didnt like the vinegar taste or the dry texture. Was worth trying once, but wouldn't buy again.
Small portion. Big price
The taste is pretty awful. Not gonna make another cup. Might be good for ya... but I'm not gonna drink it. Blood RED and tastes terrible. Oh well.
When i got this the package was a mess. The little ice pack or what ever they use exploded and it had made my product all soggy and full of weird things... i didn't end up eating it and i got a refund
They taste fine but they don't last more than a minute. I wanted something that's lasted at least 10 minutes so I was disappointed.
I don't like the taste I can't find the great value gluten free pretzels anymore so tried these due to brand name but they are not good in my opinion
These are cheap for a reason. The taste is alright, but the shape of the pods is not exactly the same as real Nespresso pods and these leak water/espresso all over the place while brewing. Every time I make one I have to soak up the mess and it's really not worth it. They need to redesign the pods entirely to match real Nespresso pods. I tested real ones afterwards to make sure my machine wasn't broken and no leaks.
Its a little weak. Not much flavor.
At just over $2 a bag of 2 small cookies, I am not overly impressed. I had high hopes for these. They're rather bland as far as taste and the texture almost makes it seem like they're stale. I prefer softer cookies but even hard ones are better than these. They're not the worst I've ever had, but at this price, I did expect better. Maybe the makers of these will perfect their recipe over time. Until then, better off making my own keto cookies at home.
Not great, hard to open.
Even though the picture advertises 36 bars (6 boxes). I only received one box. Not really a big deal, but the description and picture needs to be clearer.
The label says Monk fruit I thought it was strictly month roof found out that there was erythritol as well Not happy about that
Tastes just as good as the Folgers I buy at Walmart! Because it is!
Product was delivers three weeks late. Great product terrible delivery. I bought it to coincide with my visit to the US from Australia and it didn't arrive.
I never thought I'd be able to apply the word 'stale' to bacon, but now I can. I decided to try the maple bacon jerky because the wonderful sriracha bacon jerky I found was a bit spicy for me. I was seriously disappointed, though. While it tastes like sugar, it doesn't taste of maple. It's limp and unappetizing, and kind of like chewing cardboard.
The coffee is a bit too strong. I will try some different blends/roasts next.
Taste is subjective, but these were expensive, but tasted like cheap cherry pie filling, and the texture was very mushy.
I really disliked the flavor of this. Doesn't taste like any harissa I've had before, much too sweet for me.
Good product but raised the price $3.00 in 5 days.
The taste is heavy on the spice and doesn't taste like what I am used to when purchasing brewed at a Starbucks store. Won't be buying this again. Dunkin Donuts has a better pumpkin spice to my liking.
We usually enjoy these, but in this box half of the sticks have mold on them. There is no way for me to return them, so I'm leaving this review.
Very disappointed. Not very strong mint flavor!
I am quite well versed in Starbucks coffee flavors and how they are supposed to taste. The Sumatra is my go to flavor, but was highly disappointed with this one. It was very flat, maybe old? It was not at all what I was used to. I would not recommend buying from this supplier. Sorry.
i have bought many sugar cake topper images off amazon before and they have come from a different seller and they were delicious. This one was NOT. The picture isn't as vibrant as advertised but it is still a decent looking cake topper, my 6year old son was extremely excited about it. I had to trim it to fit on a 1/4 sheet cake because it was too big. I have tasted the previous cake toppers when I trimmed them and they tasted delicious so I popped a small piece that I trimmed in my mouth and noticed this one tasted very bland and not at all sweet. It was rather nasty. So I figured that it would taste better with the cake. Put it on and when it was time to cut the cake and dish it, not many wanted to finish their small piece. I had my small slice and sure enough it was still very bland and I apologized to my guests. I explained they could scrape their topper off and we did and the cake itself was yummy. I do not recommend this seller for sugar cake toppers.
I love the tea but was sent tea a few days from being out of date
I have not tried the tea so I can't rate on flavor but when I received it there was hole in the side of the bag (pictured) and tea leaves all in the package. Not sure if I want to use since I received it opened... very disappointing because I cannot return or replace this item. $25 wasted... I was really looking forward to trying!
Can't even call these pickles hot. If you are looking for hot pickles, there are much better out there. They are extremely mild.
great product at an incredible price but they arrived melted, even the ice packs were melted and warm so I won't order this again unless in winter months.
Very repulsive taste and look Can't stand it Sorry that I bought
Ordered these to place in gift bags. Many of them were mis-shaped - not sure if they had partially melted or were rejects. I didn't want to place them in the gift bag because they were not pretty, and after eating a couple, they did not taste at all what I normally experience with Dove chocolate. Plus they were a bad brown color.
Alright, coffee taste for me not that great
Cute box, well packaged. The flavors are okay, everything but the mint is very understated. The listing says it's supposed to come with 50-60 pieces, the box was fairly empty if it was supposed to come with that many. It's okay, but not going to lie was a little disappointed.
This drink definitely helps me to wind down and destress, but I do not like the lychee flavor! Definitely going to stick with the white raspberry one. I am forcing myself to drink these ones.
This used to be a great cakey cookie, but now it's hard on the bottom and tastes bland. There's also more marshmallow filling now.
Did not like at all. Pretty color, which I would think would indicate Healthy. Did not care of at all. Gave it away to some vegan friends.
This candy was very hard and little cherry flavor.
I think it is not good for my stomach
Price has gone up way too high. I will not buy it again.
ITS OK IF YOU WANT CREPES. GREAT CAN THOUGH. BUY KODIAK for American style pancakes.
Despite the label ingredient list, there is honey or some sort of sugar IN this vinegar. Didn't even open, sending right back. Why doesn't the label SAY there's something in there other than vinegar?? This is risky for those with sugar sensitivities or those trying to eliminate sugars.
So I haven't gotten to Taste these because they came shrink wrapped together very tightly and were melted. One big expensive brick.
This plant arrived looking just like the picture. It began to blossom. I followed care directions exactly as they were written and my plant began dying. It now has 3 full leaves and new growth coming. Not worth it for the price of purchase. Hopefully, it can be saved!
Too sweet not very spicy and so soft I think it's made from ground beef. Not at all what I wanted/expected.
Although a little pricey, this was a fun project for my boys. My biggest complaint is that everything was so stale! The rice Krispie treats were barely edible. Even my sugar-loving kids wouldn't finish them. I plan to save the mold to use it in the future.
too salty.... as a snack, i couldn't finish a bag. it might work if you like to make into a sandwich then it might just be too dry.
I would like to point out right off the bat that I understand with the amount you get in sugar packets that something is bound to happen. But I didn't not expect opening the bag to see not only horrible packing presentation but that I had a lot of sugar on the bottom on the bag. I decided to go on a counting spree. I managed to get 445 useable packets and 49 unusable packets that were opened and all the sugar now chills on the bottom of the plastic bag. Again, I get it, things happen. But I personally think that there should be a way to send these packets nicer and have confidence that not a lot breaks before it gets to a customer. Maybe a tight box or something. Not a bag where the packets can get thrown around to get busted open.
I've purchase this product for my daughter's birthday party and some of the candies in the bag were already open. I through all the open candies and inspect each piece one by one before putting them in the goody bag. I did not want none of my child friends getting sick on my watch. I advise them to please double check their product before packaging it.
Didn't really care for this brand
All of the butterflies look the same color. Not very happy with these the colors are too dark and all kind of look the same. If you looking to add a colorful touch I wouldn't go with these. Not as pictured
I enjoy bacon however, this takes the bacon out and overwhelms with vinegar. Not my thing.
Not near as good as the name brand.
I read about the benefits of wormwood and wasn't deterred by the negative reviews regarding flavor. I am a big tea drinker- I don't require sweetener or cream in my tea and I drink a lot of teas that others don't find palatable. I tend to drink my tea strong-leaving the tea bag in far longer than directions require. Despite this, I followed the directions on the box when preparing this tea. Regardless, one sip of this tea was all I could handle. The flavor is bitter and something else that I can't describe. My husband couldn't drink it either. If you can get past the flavor, I hope that this tea provides you with all of the medical benefits that I read about. However, the flavor was not something I could get used to.
The shampoo didnt smell that good but conditioner was good
Threw mine out. Smelled like it had lots of garlic and it was more like a pie crust when placed in pan it fell apart. Do not recommend this product.
I LOVE the actual product it have been super frustrated with the shipping. I NEVER receive it on time. I placed an order on 12/26 and it's now 1/19 and I still haven't received it. Not cool.
The taste is bland; nothing to write home about and it is pretty expensive for the quantity you get. I had a similar product in Australia that was much better. I would not order this again.
It is not my type of Olive Oil. Very Plain.
didn't realize how many ingredients these have and a not good ones
Not recommended, lacking in flavor
I so not buy this again
Was really happy it came as fast as expected, and this is really genuine, well packaged stuff! However, the tin is dent and it's expired in a week :( , please send me a new one that doesn't expire till atleast next year, and I'll give 5 stars.
Cute concept but did not work well even though I followed directions
The product arrived completely melted. The peanut butter candies and peanut butter chips are all melted into one big mess. I'm waiting for it to solidify to see if any of it is salvageable or worth eating.
I love caramel apples. I am allergic to peanuts, so I prefer to make my own. I was very disappointed with this product. The caramel is tough and does not have a good flavor. Don't waste your money.
There are a lot of flavors, but none of them are very distinct, plus it takes a lot of salt to actually flavor the popcorn at all.
I bought this based on the referral of a social media guru but honestly it's a little watery for me and I typically add some of my vitamin C serum just to make it a little thicker and prevent that white pasty look. I wouldn't recommend
Used a hot air popper ,less than half popped and yes it was a hot popper
I need the one with sugar.
Honestly really tastes like heavily salted pencil eraser but at least filling and relatively healthy.
I ordered this for my moms medical benefit. I was so disappointed in this product. I'm not sure but I'm thinking we popped 6 packs and everyone of them were stale! It wasn't the popper because we used 2 different machines. Shipping was fast and product was expected...just stale
The first time I bought this item it was great! This time it arrived spilled all over the box :( of course there is no information to contact he seller either. So bummed!
Like others who have commented, I found this product to be a weak imitation of the delicious Beeman's Pepsin Gum remembered from childhood. The flavor, while pleasant, is barely there and does not last long. I will finish what I have, but will not buy it again.
CONTAINER ARRIVED CRUSHED, DISAPPOINTING
Let me say this first, I appreciate Julian Bakery making peanut free items and do LOVE their granola. This, however, no way. Family of 4 bought 3 boxes, 3 flavors and promptly spit each bite out.
If you like Reese's peanut butter cups, you may like this. Personally, I don't like either. This is NOT smooth; it's gritty. Someone said it compared to Nutella. IMO, that's blasphemy. :-)
I really wanted to love this! But good grief, it took TWO TABLESPOONS to get ANY peach flavor in a 29 ounce bottle of weak green tea. That's 1/4 of a bottle of extract! For one medium bottle if tea. Too rich for MY blood. (which by now has WAAAAY too much alcohol onboard, because that's about all I can taste!) Very disappointed.
No better than coffee found in Central American supermarkets
Great product. Horrible packaging. Non-padded envelope. All were crushed. Guess I'll use for salad topping. Disappointed.
It taste OK but it's very lumpy and the bits get stuck in your teeth, this is after letting it rest for 6 hours. The Concord Foods brand does not do this. I dont know if I should keep trying all the packs or send it back.
I received this 2 pound bag in March 2019 with an expiration date of June 2019! I have 3 months to use 2 pounds! My 1 pound bag which I am replacing expires in over 1 year from now. I tried to exchange it but returns are not allowed. If I can't exchange this product for one that gives me more time to use it, I will have to dispose of what I don't use in 3 months and NEVER buy this brand again. ***UPDATE *** The company never replied to my review but they did immediately send me another 2 lb bag which also expires in 3 months. Now I have 4 lbs. I really don't use this product in that quantity. I appreciate the effort but I would have much preferred longer shelf life.
Disappointed in the filling, it was a granular texture and tasted like a sugary chocolate icing.
I made 2 recipes with this and both times it upset my stomach so not going to use it again.
The outside plastic cap cover was still intact, but Monk Fruit was spilled through it. We openend the cap and the inside seal was half open. How can that be opened?. My wife is concerned if it was tempered with or maybe an open box???? Can't replace item because of no return policy.... not sure if I should use it or throw it away...
It's very dry and with too much pepper.
It arrived with no damage to packaging. However, the cat tongues (as advertised) do not taste like German chocolate. It is a bit smoother than the chocolate here in the States but I would not buy again. The package contains 20 tiny bars of candy. I do not think it is worth the money. A bit disappointed.
Candy arrived clumped together; not useable for a public event that I intended to use it for. I'll end up throwing about half of it away. :(
I got this specifically because it said it can run with or without a coin. We had to break it to make it work without a coin. Otherwise, it's a cheap plastic bubble gum dispenser. 1/2 inch size gum. Nothing to report either way on the gum. It is what you'd expect.
It tasted terrible and got hard and clumpy within 30 days
Most of the time Amazon's packaging is pretty good. Sometimes it's a little questionable. This one was so bad I had to take pictures so people would believe me. It's part of my subscribe & save order, couldn't they have waited until more of the items were ready?? My cat enjoys the ginormous box, though....
THIS COFFEE HAS NO HAZEL NUT AROMA OR TASTE
Amazon needs to work on packaging. Product came crushed. This is my favorite coffee if I can get it undamaged.
This is sooooooo small. I know from the measurements listed that it was small. But for the price, it just isn't worth it. I was under whelmed to say the least. If it was less expensive, it would be a cute novelty trinket. But TINY doesn't equal 8 bucks.
It's ok but very light cinnamon flavor, was hoping for strong intense flavor
Has a strong chemical flavor in coffee.
Barely tasted like pumpkin spice, so will not buy them again.
Can't really rate the tamarind paste. It comes in a squeezable plastic bottle and, somewhere along the way, it took a hit. The paste had oozed out the top and made for a rather sticky mess. Fearing the product had been contaminated or spoiled, I simply disposed of it. Unfortunately, the product was shipped in an envelope rather than a box, inviting damage. A box seems like an obvious choice to me. Sorry it didn't work out.
Purchased a box of 100 tea bags.... counted just to see if there was truly 100 bags in the box. Just 96 bags, not a huge difference but if you're buy a 100 bag box there should be 100 bags in the box.
Taste is only OK, this gum stuck to my teeth
It's a personal taste thing. I think the cherry was too wimpy
1 out of 3 gave me a plant.
The product itself is a lifesaver. I used to buy the little tubes of Kraft cheese powder because their Mac was never cheesy enough for me. They stopped making those. So I did some searching and found this product. Does the same thing. Has a higher tendency to clump, but that's nothing that can't be worked out. HOWEVER This low rating is due to how it is shipped. This is now the second time I have ordered this volume, and the second time the bag has been busted by the time it is delivered. There is loose cheese powder all over the inside of the box and outside of the bag. There was no padding, the box could have easily fit two of these bags, there should have been some form of padding. Paper, bubbles, something.
This is a repeat order. Always great til this order. Stuff is floating around in the creamer. 10 of the 50 have been opened with the same floaty stuff. Hopefully it is a fluke because i dont like subpar products.
These sound great and so was the price. Death by Chocolate tasted like raspberry. Dumped it. Pumpkin has a chemical flavor. Dumped it. A couple other flavors are drinkable but I won't be ordering again.
I prefer almond butter made with only almonds. I did not like the presence of oil. I tried it, but just not for me.
These are only 12 oz. loaves. I expected them to be full size 24 oz. loaves. Its like eating child size bread!
I have had at LEAST 10 pods explode while brewing. Coffee grounds get everywhere in the Keurig making it necessary to take it apart and clean out the wet grounds. There are also a lot of grounds left in the bottom of the cup. I'm on my second exploding pod today. The taste of the coffee is great but the mess is awful. I will NOT buy again.
Tins were badly damaged even though they were in box. Two had to be discarded. Not great value for money
Didn't like these myself. I can't find the old fruit flavored Certs anywhere, and was looking for a substitute. These aren't it. Also be careful not to eat too many, or you might end up with a stomach ache.
I hadn't realized this was the small version of the standard size when I ordered so I wanted to warn others who may not be aware either. Not such a good deal anymore 😬
We like this product but we can't seem to get it in stores and have bought from amazon. It arrived today opened and spilled all over the box. So quality has been affected
The bag burst inside the box and made a mess all over my kitchen when I opened it. About 1/4 of the contents of the bag are now in the box amongst the other items in the order. Come to find out, its not returnable. Ya got me.
this tea, advertised as a mango tea, does not have any mango flavor. It has a sweet lemon smell and taste. Not what I hoped for. I have Mango tea, purchased in India that is fantastic and I want to find more.
Delivery time was slow Once they shipped it FEDEX did their job BUT seller took forever to get in system I thought spend more money would be worth the convience next time willl Go to store PRODUCT IS JUST WHAT I WANTED
These will not sprout. Not sure what is going on there. I got these for sprouting. I'm not pleased. Will not order from this company again
Not much taste, old and stale. Very hard, definitely not smooth.
The flavor was very weak, even after I left the teabag in.
not bad but not the best either. purchased to try out "treasure truck" in my area. although meeting up with the treasure truck was easy, the macarons were mediocre
Would have given these 5 stars 2 weeks ago - I've been subscribed to get the chocolate sea salt bars every two weeks for months. But, the last batch I received had rock-hard what may be nut shells chopped into the bars. Whatever these nuggets are - they are dangerous to bite down on. The first one I thought was an aberration, but there has been at least one of these rocks in the last 5 bars. I hit one nugget with a hammer and it did no damage.
My package was open and all over the envelope 😕 the post office had to wrap it in another bag.
Unfortunately I got a moth infestation from this item
I like the fact that it is cream style, but I was disappointed in the mushy texture of the beans themselves. I won't buy it again.
Did not like it. Had a weird aftertaste and it left a greasy film on the roof of my mouth.
It didn't really impart all that much flavor, I'm going back to the Starbucks brand.
Weird consistency. Kind of mushy, same taste though. I'd rather just buy them from gnc and know they'll be fresh or whatever.
I selected this because I wanted to use it in carbonating water at home. There's a glycerin based version, and a sunflower oil based version. the sunflower version does not mix well into the water. It leaves an oil slick on the top, as any other oil would. The product images show glycerin. I received sunflower oil.
Mostly broken in box
Advertised as organic but it arrived with a different label. Nothing states organic on my package. It also says to seal after use but contains no zip loc feature.
I love the colonies but I am so disappointed that when they came they were stuck together right, crumbled and all broken. Very disappointed. A waste of money. The cookies from regular stores are great. I will not order them from this place again
The taste is rich. But the package is not like the one in the photo, is too small.
I bought this for a gift, so I can't review on flavor. But it needs to be better packaged when shipping. The box of k cups was sent in a mailing envelope. The box came smashed up. Embarrassing to present that as a gift .
I prefer the twizzlers variety - this brand was too thick
All individual wrapped candies were melted during packaging , hence the outside of each candy was sticky. When I opened the outside sealed bag up, my fingers got sticky from grabbing them inside the bag. I don't know if they were packeged that way or it came from shipping. By the time I received them in the mail, they were all sticky inside the wrappers and halfway melted. No sugar coating because it melted.
Coffee is not medium roast. It is a dark roast, on the bitter side. Unfortunately I purchased two bags of it.
Not very tasty. Not very chocolatey and could be just as good as any cheaper snack bar. These are way over priced for how they taste.
This coffee really was very bitter. Does smell or taste like coffee. Gave it away.
Not packaged properly for summer shipping
Easy to prepare, but the texture is gooey, and there is hardly any taste. I prefer the Kraft macaroni and cheese dinner cups.
Hard and chewy, was expecting it to be soft
Delivery was fast but packaging itself was not good at all. Candy wrappers were all loose and dusty/smudged and alot of them were broken. Had to throw out.
Tastes like cough syrup. Did not go well even with some club soda, and I can't imagine it tasting good in desserts and other drinks which is why I bought it. Apparently they don't allow returns, so we're stuck with it
I love the taste of the cookies but the way they were shipped was aweful had alot of broken cookies.
you can really taste the artificial flavoring
I decided to try this stuff in order to compare to another brand of similar syrup (maple with monkfruit & erythritol) and because it was cheaper per ounce in a 2-pack. But unfortunately this one is nowhere near as good as the other brand. It's thin. It still tastes like artificial sweetener. It doesn't taste as 'maple-y' as the other brand I tried. Assuming the label is accurate, I gave it one extra star because it is probably a little better than the crap you would find at the store that has Splenda or Sorbitol in it, but not by much. So now I have two bottles of this stuff, and its a food item that I have opened so I'm doubting I can send it back.
Love the product. However....When ordered, the order clearly stated that we ordered packages of 4 bags of chips. Both packages arrived with 3 bags of chips. We got 25% less than we paid for & advertised price was clearly misrepresented. We would just buy these at a retail outlet for that price. Very deceptive.
Tried it thinking what the heck, won't have to worry about cavities. Taste of the sugar substitute was so gross. Disgusting, would not recommend.
It's watery and flavor is barely there. Put 3 ts in one cup to get the flavor. Better off buy sauce
I've been buying Old Trapper locally for quite some time and it's always fresh and tender. I ordered 4 packages here and the first 2 have been very disappointing. The expiration dates are quite a ways off so maybe they just produced a bad batch or 2. Either way, I will not be buying this jerky from this seller again, even if it is a few dollars cheaper than buying locally. I would rather not lose teeth eating Old Trapper jerky.
Nothing but a lot of crumbs. I will not buy again.
Dry and bland. These didn't cut it for my keto family. I live other DK products, but this one... not so much.
I had heard about how good watermelon seeds are for their health benefits. I was thrilled to find them on Amazon. However, when they arrived, I found them to have a somewhat rancid taste. I admit that I have sensitive tastebuds and someone else tried them and didn't think they were rancid tasting, but it was bad enough that I didn't eat them.
I found I have to use 1/4 of the bottle per glass to get any flavor. Not worth the money. The flavors aren't very strong or tasty. Just kind of bland sweetness. I would not purchase this again, and in fact I'm giving away what I purchased after testing 4 of the flavors.
The wrappers on these suckers ruin them. They're so hard to get off that the top of the sucker pops off with the wrapper.
I like to snack on golden raisins, but my local groceries no longer carry the tried and true brands. These raisins were of good size but were no fun at all to eat because they have been coated in an oily substance that has a disagreeable rancid smell. I also developed painful indigestion. The ingredient list (raisins, sulfites) is clearly omitting the substance the raisin have been sprayed or otherwise coated with. I would only recommend them for baking or recipes where the odor is masked.
Coffee k cups were not sealed properly and coffee was spilled into the main carton. So far I have found 3 k cups damaged. I have not opened the balance of smaller boxes that are in the main carton. Been using these k cups for over 10 years. This is not the quality control I expect.
Surprisingly dry, even for 85% cacao. Much better purchased from grocery stores. May not have been stored properly. Will not order this from Amazon again.
Just watch out that you do get all (4) boxes that are listed in the description. I bought this item and only got (1) box instead of all (4).
This stuff smells like it is going to be delicious. Marinated chicken in it, it didn't taste good. Thought maybe it was for a dip only. Added some to cream cheese and tried with crackers, not good. Not sure what to use the rest of my bottle on. May just throw away.
Many of the chocolates were not fully wrapped. I did not feel comfortable gifting those, so many went into the trash.
This was not the best praline taste that I have had.
I'm not sure what this stuff tastes like, but not pumpkin pie. It's kind of strange. Definitely not very much spice to it. It seemed like most people liked this over the pumpkin spice, but I think I should've gotten that one. Pretty disappointed.
This was some of (if not the) hardest licorice I've ever tried to eat. It was like eating one of those large pink pencil erasers. It did taste better than an eraser however. The licorice does not dissolve as you try to eat it. I will give two stars because the flavor was good.
The bread arrived somewhat smashed The size of the loaves/slices are smaller than they used to be
Not smooth, don't like it at all.
Hardly any flavor comes from this... don't waste your money....
it has an overpowering ginger flavor that needs to be dialed back abit than this could be a real competitor to other brands.
I have to just say these bars have all the numbers I was looking for , proteins , carbs etc... the taste is just bad , bad after taste especially , The One bar gives a great taste !
This is how it arrived. No padding in box. Bag wax ripped open and block damaged.
Expiration date was only a few weeks away.
I can't have caffeine and find it near impossible to acquire flavored versions of decaf coffee. I was excited to try these. The plastic is soft and won't puncture but I do that manually. Not a problem. Haven't had an issue with them making a mess in the machine. I also received an even amount of each flavor. I give it a low rating, though, because the taste is awful. They smell wonderful but are so bitter I cannot drink them. I taste no flavor of any of them. They all taste the exact same. Very disappointed. I gave them away. For reference, I like Folgers medium roast decaf and find it very palatable. These were super bitter compared to it. Maybe I got an old or bad batch (or maybe it's a darker roast than I prefer) because I don't see how other reviewers rave about the flavors.
I have had these in the past, which is why I ordered the case. These seemed to have melted and left on the shelf. The taste was off, and the consistency was poor. I won't reorder them again.
I thought I would try this brand but unfortunately it has an unpleasant after-taste. I'm not happy with this purchase.
Love these chips, but when I opened the box of these half the bags were flat. It looked like a lot of them had holes in them and other bags were weird looking (not packaged properly). Seems like they threw all the rejected chips into this box and sent them out. And this was the second box we got that were like this.
This is a good coffee, but is not even remotely a light roast coffee. It is nearly a French roast. I will not buy again.
has a processed taste not like sushi restaurant.
It makes coffee, but not worth your time. All that's left of the flavor is the earthy notes. I can't tell if it's because it stale or they just started with terrible beans. No better than buying beans from the bulk grocery display where you have no idea how old it is. All that's on the bag is an expiration date that was 1 year in the future, who knows when it was brewed, but 1 year, really!? The roast is also very uneven, some light, some darker beans. Perhaps its a blend of many roasts, perhaps they can't keep roast even. Who knows... who cares.
I had purchased this brand before and was happy with it but this time it came in a thin padded envelope and the actual product package was slit open. I lost quite a bit of it into the shipping envelope and what was left had been exposed to air for who knows how long so it wasn't as flavorful as the previous order.
Box came in heavily damaged, plastic wrapping cut on edges.
Tastes too sugary sweet to me. I was disappointed .
I am starting to believe that Hidden Valley has discontinued making this product, as I no longer find it in stores, and vendors online are getting premium+ prices. If it has been discontinued it's a shame because this is really a super salad dressing.
Not packaged well and many of the cookies came out as crumbs
Did not like the flavors at all. Ended up giving it away.
I couldn't find this in my local brick and mortar stores, so I paid almost 3 times as much to order this online. They sent me two bottles of Lysol, so I rated it more than one star
Both of the bottles came broken with the product spilling out.
It's been over 45 years since I last had one of these and moved away from L.A., but it's every bit what I remember. Great soda, but crazy expensive. I guess it'll be one of those treats I'll rarely have in the future.
These things taste really bad. Like a really really old nut. So I said of course it's not gonna taste good out of this plastic container, did some research and people say boil them before you cook and season them so I did and it still taste like that old nut with butter and garlic hahahaha. Just going to grind them up and put them in my shakes. Also they are absolutely not WHOLE that's a lie and a half. Disappointed in the purchase but know that another company will ha e better:)
We order dark and received milk.
Tried it in my moka pot and as pour over. Found it to be bitter and similar to Starbucks. If you like the bitter Starbucks , then this might be for you.
I've ordered many HH products and they've all been great. This is the first mixture that I've tried. I hate carrots and there are so many in this mix that it almost cooks orange with a sprinkling of other colors. Yuk!! I will order the individual ingredients without carrots and it should be fine.
I get a instant headache after using this, I use amazing grass products all the time, maybe it's the monkfruit , I feel weird after drinking it also , like a instant head rush , body rush type thing it's so strange . I had to toss it after comforting today that this is what was causing it .
I bought the six-pack thinking I would be able to get past any funky taste or texture, because I am already used to whole grain pasta. They tasted "okay," and the texture wasn't dramatically different. Unfortunately, I can't stand the smell of the noodles during the boiling process, so I ended up tossing the other boxes in the trash.
Really expensive for the size!!! They were also hollow!
If you enjoy your coffee this is the product for you.
It arrived warm could not use drink it. They never responded or replaced:(
Not sweet enough in my opinion. Definitely can be better
Ok coffee. Was packaged poorly in an envelope so it arrived with smashed and most of the coffee pods coming out of the box.
Unfortunately is granular and not really a powder it's very tough to dissolve in water so it's always a little grainy when you're drinking it.
Packaging was cute but smooshed when it arrived. Chocolate not as good as a regular Cadbury chocolate bar. It was shipped fast but probably will not buy again.
I receive this package of Verismo pods through subscribe and save. The last three months' deliveries have all been on the verge of expiration. The production date is approximately 10 months prior. Today, I finally received a package that was actually expired (June 2019 expiration date). I have ordered a replacement -- we'll see what the expiration date is for these!
Not as good as original I'm honestly glad I'm done with the box. But what's weird I remember these being so good but that wasn't the case when I got them.
I bought this specifically bc the reviews said it blended well with hot coffee or with cold almond milk. also read reviews that said the flavor was good. umm its not "bad" flavor necessarily but it is very very mild. I putts in a smoothie with almond milk and a little greek yogurt and the yogurt (which was plain) is all I could really taste. and it still feels/tastes a little "sediment-y" (not quite grainy if yogurt my drift. but although it did blend in technically, it doesn't seem like it. I'll make it work to use it up but won't be buying it again. good points: good packaging, and smell. the chocolate version tastes good but is also very mild. more so than other collagen chocolate proteins ive tried.
It dissolves well. However not the amount advertise. it is not really 16 oz. It's more like 12
I was looking forward to this after reading another amazon review stating it was the real deal. The flavor was there, but it was far too dry to be enjoyable. Not sure if this is the actual style, or if its a quality control issue.
Didn't like the flavor
I usually love this product, but when I received it, some of them were clumped together. It was as though they got wet somehow. Most packets were okay, but I had to throw away a few. I usually buy them at the grocery store, but I can't find them where I am currently located. I probably won't order them again. Amazon delivery was excellent though.
Three of six in carton were pushed on the side. Foil loosened so chocolate showed. Chick is hard ...for price and now $3.00 more to order they seemed old and this one box banged up. I bought 4 cartons for nurses at hospital...disappointed that three will not get one.
This candy was not cold packed. The chocolate was melted.
I was VERY disappointed in these. It was hubbies Valentine present. I could have made some better :(
The ones from costco are better.
Edible, but the meat, hamburger, is tough and has lots of gristle.
received cracked they shoud pace these better !
I wanted to love this protein powder but it makes me gassy. The flavor is okay but there is an after taste. Now I am hesitant to try the other flavors
Too strong a taste of lemon, but I like the ingredients. If it wasn't for the very strong lemony taste, I would buy again.
Having bought Teavana rock sugar for a long time, I was not pleased with my last two purchases. The rock sugar is quite literally ROCKS - big chunks that aren't suitable for using in a cup of tea. So disappointed as the quality has been great in the past.
Arrived on time and beautiful bouquet but roses wilted four days later on Mother's Day
While I thought the cinnamon would add a bit of taste it did not. Until this company can come up with a more appealing and satisfying taste factor it is not worth the money. Taste like eating nothing and is not filling.
Weird flavor - not sure why? Disappointed
Not a very good substitute for muffins, got these to help with breakfast ideas when I had gestational diabetes and my morning glucose didn't respond well to this (still higher than my parameters were set). The texture wasn't great either.
My pecans are dry, not oily at all. I am very disappointed and I have no recourse ??? Based on the other reviews, I bought 5 lbs of dry pecans I could have gotten at the grocery store!
Didn't see the size and these are kiddie size. They're small. Taste is good though. Totally overpriced now that I see the size.
Bought these for my daughter's Elmo themed birthday.... Elmo was no where to be found in the package.... Just the other Sesame Street characters. Now it's going to have to be an Oscar the Grouch themed party.
This just doesn't have the cocoa flavor.
It was just okay, not great. The flavor is not very strong, and the alcohol content is so high that you have to cook it for a long time to get all the alcohol out of it. You might as well just use real rum.
I had to return my package as it got destroyed. BUT I was able to buy this locally. The flavor is okay. But it clumps so bad. Some clumps break up. Some don't. Not a good option for my cappuccino mix. And I really worry about the moisture content and how long it would last? So won't buy it again!! It's also very coconutty tasting. I like that but makes my hubs gag. So beware if that's a thing for you. But the clumps makes it a no for me.
Was expecting a bolder flavor. Grounds seemed dry. Will not purchase again.
This is supposed to act as a thickener for pies and such. I added two tablespoons to my rhubarb/strawberry mixture for my cobbler it did not thicken anything. I guess I will just right this off and stick with tapioca.
Received mid August but they were simply a single mass all melted together. Vendor clearly knows this is a problem since there were 2 refrigerant gel packs but since this took about 2 weeks to ship via USPS they made no difference. I still tried the product not really a good taste to me perhaps affected by the heat though.
Well I was looking forward to the results of having a good night sleep for trying it every night last week even though from the very first sip of tea I didn't like the taste but it didn't happen!!! I did not feel the difference, unfortunately. And there is something inside that burns my throat !!!
I believe 1 out of the 3 sleeves of Nespresso I received was a generic one. It wasn't packaged the same way of as any of my usual Nespresso orders (Amazon vs. Nespresso site). The sleeve i'm referring too was messily tossed in the box, it wasn't in quality form.
Very disappointing. Oolong is my favorite tea and mango my favorite fruit. Sounds like a winner, huh? The person or persons who put this blend together should find another line of work. Saying it was tasteless and bland is being kind. I took it to work with me in hopes of getting rid of it but no one there liked it either. All were tea drinkers. I thought perhaps they put the wrong tea bags the box since neither flavor was identifiable. Maybe they did. I think two stars might be seen as generous but I give them for being both organic tea and organic mango if, in fact, that is what the actual ingredients are. This was a very disappointing cup of tea.
My friend from England was telling us about this product and how they used to eat it with ice cream. I bought it as a surprise for her and she was delighted. I however, do not care for it.
I was excited to see this item on Amazon, but unfortunately this isn't the true "currant gummies" of my childhood. It's lacking in currant flavor, and for whatever reason, the paper used to wrap each individual gummy sticks to itself. The candy doesn't taste bad - but if you're looking for true currant gummies, you'll be disappointed with this one.
Arrived damaged. Could not present this item as a gift due to the damage.
In my opinion, this is a by-product. not sweet at all. not worth the time or coast to send it back. You would need to use 6 times the amount of this to equal regular Stevia product. No I will not ever buy again. a waste of time and money.
I didn't like the white popcorn. This is so small, not crunch. I prefer the yellow one for sure.
The Maruchan Ramen is good, as always, but I was buying this product for the Microwavable Bowl to cook it in. The bowl has a lid with four flaps that are supposed to lock the lid into place, but the plastic on the bowl and the lid is so thin and flimsy that the lid doesn't fit correctly. Since you can get the soup for about .20 each, that would make the bowl about $13.00 which it is not worth. I'm sorry this product was so disappointing!
Just received this product and the lid was cracked and the safety seal was slightly pulled away just enough to allow peanut oil to leak inside the BAG!! I can't believe something like this was shipped in a plastic bag!
taste good. but too sweet. thinks sugar put too muc more and more. suggest sugar 25% will be fine.
Great tasting coffee when the grounds don't overflow the Keurig all over the counter top and into your cup. It's like the internal pod mesh that holds the coffee grounds gets plugged and the hot coffee and grounds escapes and makes a royal mess!
I usually buy these from Whole Foods stores, so I tried the convenience of Amazon to my doorstep. What a mistake. Half of the noodle packages contained awful, defective, scrawny, chewy gross noodles which I had to throw out.
Weak coffee. This was not what I was hoping for.
While it was fun to try some different flavors, you do not get what listed which is a bummer I was excited to try the fruit flavored ones which none of the listed ones were included. I ended up with 5 of the same damn regular simple flavor milk chocolate which I could have walked my butt to the local store and purchased myself and not have waited over a month to receive.
Tasted very average, I think. The chocolate arrived in good shape, not smashed or leaking. The chocolate was very dark, but I was expecting something really indulgent, different, and yummy for the price. It didn't really taste buttery or indulgent.. I was disappointed.
Best if used by date on package was only 22 days after date received order. Ordered product before and had at least 5 months to best if used by date.
A: Because it inevitably ends up tasting a bit like cough-medicine. A fine product otherwise, but my recommendation is to avoid it.
No matter how many times I ordered medium blend I receive light blend. I tried it one last time and received light blend.
Was sent extract instead of paste
Did not like the taste. I had to give it away.
I was looking for long shelf life butter and am dissaponted that It expires 8 months from my purchase date. Have not tried it yet.
One can was open due to package crushing. Basically got 2 cans for price of 3.
My son really did not like the taste of these and said the texture was too gooey for jerky. Kudos for having grass fed beef, but maybe dry it longer and add more herbs.
I bought the hazelnut because I love hazelnut cream. However, this is coconut forward I understand it is made from coconut but there is zero hazelnut flavor
As with other reviewers I was very disappointed when they went from 3g per packet to 2g. That is a huge reduction in sweetening capability for the same exact price. This should be better noted in the material that is on the web site.
Capsules were damage, I tried to return for a replacement but this item isn't eligible for return.
Dont like how my baked product came out with this
great product but couple waters were punctured and too expensive to waste one or two.
Written description says edible. Jar says inedible.
Did not like the taste at all. Unfortunately, purchased 3 packages - knew after one bite it was not good (and ended up tossing the remainder of the package - my husband refused to eat it, also). Cannot return the other 2 packages which is a shame.
Licorice flavored jelly beans by Brach's are not from Brach's. They are to sweet and of poor quality. The Licorice coating is cheep quality and thin.
tiny olives.. Small portion for the price
The chili is great but the cans got very damaged in shipping. The case was shrink wrapped but then just put in a box without enough protective packing around them.
Definitely tastes like dill pickles, but smells super strong and it's more salty than it is pickle like.
Not a canned tarantula. It came dried in a plastic container in a bag. Not as advertised
I love Albanese gummy bear cubs but when I ordered these I got full sized gummy bears I am not happy. If I wanted full size I would hav gone to Walmart and bought them in a 5 lb bag for 9.00
Mushrooms are my favorite food. Sadly the texture and weird flavor are not a good combo, also it's a real small bag for 5 bucks. I'm glad I supported their company and hope they can improve on it, id love to have better mushroom jerky
I bought a box of 6 because it was more economical than my local store. The problem is that half of them were badly broken and can only be used crushed up for some purpose.
Product taste good and worked fine. (I used it to blend into my protein shakes). I just cant justify the cost compared to Organic PB powder that is available at my local warehouse store. I am hoping they will start carrying this or similar product at a better price.
Was not so happy with these plants, because that never did get any flowers to produce blueberries
flavor was not that great but it worked
Short lived taste! Mints are much better!
Not what I expected, very bitter
The lollipops are just the right size and nicely colored. In an attempt to keep them from breaking, all of them were wrapped in bubble wrap, and the air pockets we're added to the box. Unfortunately, since they were all bundled together, 6 of the 15 we broken to pieces and are useless as my daughter's party favors ☹️
Was happy with the taste but just noticed they were expired....not happy with that!
Not very impressed, my order came in and it didn't have any of the chips it showed on the pic and that's what I wanted. Also my box does expires in exactly 60 days, I guess the $2 savings isn't worth it after all.
I am not sure why the other reviews say it tastes yummy...it taste like water? I let it seep for 10 minutes and it still had very little flavor..perhaps if I added agave and milk, but the whole point was for "clean" drinking with no additives etc. in an attempt to kick start my baby making machine.
It's not a crowd favorite. I didn't mind it, but no one in my office liked it.
Love this brand of rice milk, unfortunately the package of 6 arrived damaged. Two of the cartons were squished and resulted in puckered tears. I still tried to use the milk in my coffee and realized that the milk had gone bad in those that had the tears. Not to mention the white plastic spouts pop off due to the damage and you can't keep some sealed. Would like my money back for those that were damaged.
I recently bought this product in the Costco store in Jacksonville, FL and rather than drive back I found the exact same product (larger size) online. I was expecting the same quality but was disappointed. Seems like 10% of the nuts are stale and/or over roasted. While salt seemed to be uniform in the store bought package, coverage is very inconsistent. Truly disappointing for a Kirkland product.
product does not dissolve well; clumps and does not mix well. Would not buy again.
It comes as a two-pack supposedly containing - variety of 12 packages. Our last shipment contained one box with only 11. Maybe we need to order directly from Brother's?!
does not give me the instant feeling of energy like a well-known energy shot does and the taste and fizz remind me of something for healthy vitamins which is not very desirable. Yes, pay attention when filling water bottle like others have mentioned because if you do not drink some of the water first before putting in powder, it will come back to bit you making a big mess.
The bottom of the packaging was ripped. As I took the package out of the bag from Amazon I spilled half of the bags contents all over my kitchen. Just an FYI for other purchasers. The lentils are delicious though.
I love the flavor of the coffee however I had quite a few k cups that did not puncture through the bottom causing the grounds to pour over the top causing a quite a bit of a mess and would not brew correctly.
The product is outstanding but the packaging really is worthless. One of six broke open and go figure I can't get the $16 dollar item replaced.
Feel very strange How can the bottle sealed sticker break in the box? A box of 24 bottles, broke eight bottles seal sticker I bought two boxes - the other box broke two bottles sealed sticker. I didn't take it for granted at the beginning~ until I opened the second box~ and like the picture shows, the sealed sticker is broken and the top lid too
They came neatly packaged but the taste of every flavor was just gross!!!
I had previously tried one of Taylor's herbal teas and loved it for its bold, fruity flavor. The green tea with white hibiscus and peach sounded good. I was expecting it to taste like other peach flavored teas - it doesn't. Maybe it's better iced, but as a hot tea the flavor is insipid and the green tea a little bitter.
I bought these because they seemed like an easy snack on a low-carb/paleo type diet. These have a weird aftertaste. I don't know if its the seed itself, or it's begun to gone bad, or if it's the way they're processed or prepared. Won't be buying again.
Wow, I expected some compromises from going to this from regular bouillon, but this stuff seems wayyyy starchy. I have food issues, so I like a nice, simple snack of rice noodles, a little bit of flavorful oils, some spices and flavoring. With bouillon, that works nicely. With this stuff, it turns into a paste, which also has a diluting effect vs. standard bouillon. Not even willing to try it in a sauce at this point. One star for being what it promised, plus another for not tasting awful.
Looks like a good assortment. All the truffles came completely melted. Wanted to use for gifts but they are not in good condition.
WAS REALLY LOOKING FORWARD TO THIS ITEM BUT THE FLAVORING WAS VERY POOR, (BLAND). I DIDN'T SEE ANYTHING ON THE DESCRIPTION TO SUGGEST THAT IT WAS VERY LOW SALT OR OTHER SEASONING. WOULD NOT BUY AGAIN.
These are actually really good, but I only purchased them in September, and after less than 5 months they have hardened, so that the entire thing doesn't get used by the machine anymore, and it has significantly reduces the taste...they taste watered down now, and not very good at all...I cannot drink that many, that fast, so I won't be buying again...
My wife said they give her heartburn, We got the prenatal vitamins from the doctor and they do not.
Overly buttery in taste,taste more like butter than anything else.Taste like a pure spoonful of butter.To each their own we all don't taste or like things the same,I rate the product at 50%.
The price went up $5 more a box in two weeks.....
It is too sour, and I would prefer a stronger ginger flavor.
This product separates in coffee...obviously not fit for consumption. I believe it's all right to order this in cooler months (I have in the past) but not when it's so hot outside. It overheats either in storage or delivery.
It's great that you can try multiple flavors, but these are not high quality beans. Poor results in both French press and Chemex.
spider plant started failing two days after arriving.
not a fan has terrible after taste doesn't keep you full. miss boost simple complete no aspartame ,am allergic what happened to that product
The turmeric taste is nice with the coconut, but otherwise, I don't like that in paying so much just for the turmeric and coconut.... does not make my coffee creamier.... I still have to add creamer....
Tastes ok but very liquidy, not thick consistency as we get in Thai restaurants.
Tasted old and chocolates were discolored in appearance. Very disappointed.
Not like you remembered. Lots of clumped up candy not much fizz. Maybe they got to hot or to wet or just old but I do not recommend these. Not nearly as good as when the product is fresh and not clumped and fiz pop is audible. Seller shipped on time and as advertised just the product is not that great.
Good product but most of the bottle leaked and the package was late.
Don't like the taste. Not to many whole Cashews more of pieces than whole. Cashews texture feels fake.
The box of lime was totally empty no contents. And it says it's not s returnable item. Too bad because I like the product.
Too sweet. Have used Roland's plain balsamic glaze and I like it, but this one is much sweeter. Don't care for it at all.
Unable to use this product..... container was damaged badly, so I threw it in the trash. :(
The product works but came leaking. The packaging did not protect it. There was still some liquid in it when it came so we just kept it.
Followed the recipe meticulously got a bread brick. Tried four times will not buy again..
I ordered these Sept 27th and finally received them Oct 13th. The expiration date is Nov. 7th. I don't understand why it took over two weeks to receive them. Most of the cakes are destroyed like the picture- I assume because they were traveling for so long. Will not be purchasing from this seller again.
had little coffee taste
These are my favorite gummy candy! They taste as expected, except I only received 6 packages instead of 12. I buy in bulk because they are not sold anywhere near me anymore. Giving 2 stars because they satisfied my cravings, yet not enough product for the price.
Great coffee, if it is shipped in a box -not in the thin paper packaging and sent through the mail.
First of all, I love Luxardo cherries but always thought they were a tad too sweet. I read the reviews on here comparing these cherries to the Luxardo ones, and decided to give these cherries a try based on all the reviews saying these are tart in comparison. My dear Amazon reviewers: You are liars. I trusted y'all, and bought not one, but TWO jars! These are the sweetest cherries I've ever tasted in my life, and this is why I have trust issues. My roommate buys these $3 maraschino cherries from Food Lion, and told me he thought they were comparable in terms of taste and sweetness. The plus side is these cherries are prettier than the $3 ones so they work well as garnish (For garnish I give two stars, but no higher because the sweetness and price brings me to tears). Oh and, the entire jar is full of cherries, so that's a plus if you like them.
Product came as advertised. Packaging was very poor, shoddy. 2 caps broken and unable to use after opening sealed top. Contents did not spill but I was surprised I didn't have a mess on my doorstep when I saw the box.
These were good, but most of them were broken when they arrived. Would have given them more stars if they hadn't been in pieces.
The last shipment was very badly packaged and most of the soup containers were terribly damaged. Please let the seller know that this is not acceptable and I expect any next shipment will be more carefully done.
The bag was opened inside the packing box and ants had crawled into the box attracted by sugar by the time I got home from work to retrieve the package. They were also received chipped. They were purchased for a baby shower and there wasn't time to ship back to seller. I wouldn't order again. Was able to purchase containers at Walmart.
This coffee tastes great, but about half of the K-Cups didn't work correctly & I ended up with tons of grinds in my cup. This does not happen with any other brands, so I know it's not my machine. It's a huge bummer, because I love the way the coffee tastes.
Our baby refused to eat this food.
Just way too salty for us.
I'm not a flavored coffee guy in general, typically take my coffee black, no sugar. But I tried some "gourmet" Pumpkin Spice a while back, and like some from time to time, so tried this. It's ok, but I found it leaves an aftertaste that I don't care for. I recommend just making a coffee you already like, and sprinkling some cinnamon and ginger, or prepared pumpkin spice from a shaker, over your grinds before brewing.
Where's the mango flavor? Been buying this for quite some time and no flavor anymore I have found a much better tea from another company. Yes I have used a lot of sugar and it still has no flavor
I used to buy at the grocery store. This is the first time thru Amazon. Same product. Unfortunately one was bad. I just thru the one away as it was not cost effective to get a replacement.
two of my flavors came in some off brand packaging while the other 3 were normal. tampered with?
I've bought this product before with no problems at all. However, with this most recent purchase, the product box had something on it that resembled mold, the bottles were sticky it looked like a few popped open/cracked.
Godawful...there's not much taste. It SMELLS a little like mint...but I did NOT taste any mint nor did I taste any chocolate. I've no idea why it's even got above 3 stars. WASTE OF MONEY.
This should be labeled almond MEAL not almond flour to avoid confusion. I was so excited for this since I've bought numerous other products from this brand, so I ordered 4lbs for cookies but since this is almond MEAL and not FLOUR, it will not rise like normal cookies would. My cookies fell flat, sadly. Now I'm not sure what to do with all this product since it's not eligible for returns. I guess I have to look for other recipies :/
my order came with 2 bottles smashed and I cant get a refund or replacement??
One of the main reasons I bought this variety pack was to get the White Mangosteen Peach. Instead I received "Peach Paradise". NOT the same thing! Not a happy camper!
Did not keep well after opening. Noticed mold in one of the packages a few weeks after opening it resealing package.
This tea did not help me at all. I've learned from several sources that fenugreek doesn't work well for people with hypothyroidism. I went from pumping 6 to 8 ounces a day to nothing at all. After 4 days my supply was completely gone. The flavor was okay. The smell is hard to get past but overall I could deal with taste. It seems to help some women. I just wasn't one of them.
I did not like that the majority of the pods arrived bent and because of this damage they were not functional. Did not realize this was such an issue but should have trusted the reviews posted.
These were what they say they are but they were a very hard chewy, not soft-ish like fresh Swedish Fish usually are. They might be worth it for half the price or less.
Food ordered on Amazon is very tricky. The jar arrived compromised. I threw it out. Avoid.
These cookies are not very good. They looked so good in the picture, that I thought I'd try them, but they are overly sweet, and make me feel sick, when I just eat one. They were also expensive for the small amount in the packages. There are much better cookies out there for a cheaper price.
Two jars of coffe made one was broken need to package better. I like the coffee very good .
So its described as salted caramels and includes a picture of caramels with salt on them. That is not what arrived. These were plain caramels no salt on them. They are ok tasting but I didnt receive caramels with salt like the description and picture show. I wont reorder.
It tastes pretty bad and is gritty, does not fully dissolve. Whey protein is far superior taste wise and easily dissolves. Will not buy again.
Not even close to the color.
I remember bottle caps being the exact size of a bottle cap. Now these are the diameter of a AAA battery.
Only 2 stars, because of the poor packing job. They were sent in a padded envelope, and the marshmallows are completely mashed. I love these marshmallows, but I will not buy them through Amazon again.
I was anticipating a few candies would be broken in shipping, however they were not but the bag of candy came already opened. I'm not sure how sanitary that is.
Good buy - quality & quantity. Terrible packaging though. Virtually no instructions. Had to try several tools and methods to open lid which was very very secure. Not good if you need product for health reasons/injuries. Could have hurt myself trying to open.
I don't like it. Does not taste or smell right- I've tried excellent fermented Pu-Erh teas, but this is not one of them. Better to just spend the extra $ and get a good raw Pu-Erh anyway...
Taste is ok, but these are not even close to being healthy. One bar has the same amount of sugar as a can of coke. It tastes like a bitter fruit snack in the shape of a candy bar.
This is a joke. Picture proof
Not for the product but for the seller! Ordered and only received the 2 containers of almased. Missing book and shaker cup. Could have gotten them quicker from somewhere else and they arrived later than scheduled. If you are on a schedule with this diet and need your product order from another seller!
Had high hopes for these; the only things I likd were the peanuts and peanut butter. The actual brownie itself i did not favor the after taste. My spouse wasn't too into these either.
Not a very strong brew. I add cream and sugar and the coffee is too weak for this.
I have tried it in a few different ways. On chicken, potatoes, and even jerky. Very little flavor. Very disappointed.
They were stale and smashed. Very disappointing
not the best Cashews. I've eaten about 6 oz in 3 weeks. The rest will probably be land fill
I didn't like the flavor and the salmon bits were like leather.
I'm admittedly a coffee snob, that said I would not buy again. The beans were dry. No oil or sheen, just not good.
Love it! I had to give up caffeine. I tried a bunch of decaff brands that were decaffeinated with the Swiss water Process. This was my favorite. I prefer a bold dark coffee. This fits the bill. Sadly, this is not 100% caffeine free. I don't know what the actual content is, but it's too much for me.
Description says you're going to receive 16 packets but it only came with 8.
I usually order from another company through amazon but they were out if them. I always order hershey-ets. These look like the bag had been stepped on or the bottom if the box. They were all broken into pieces some were like crumbs. I would have sent them back but my grandson is visiting & I promised him I would get them for him. Will never order from this company again.I would be ashamed to send something out to a customer that looked like that.
I am Brazilian and in my opinion the flavor was worse than expected. Maybe there was a problem with this package.
Not soft, not good taste, tastes very fake, don't be fooled by the name "Australian Liquorice" it's not Aussie soft licorice I would like to return it but opened one of the bags. Does actually come with "8" 7 oz. bags for 5.00 but still not worth it to me.
quality not as expected and it is tasteless, as if I were drinking boiled water.
Bought these for office and everyone said the candy had a weird after-taste. Not sure if they're stale or not. The texture seemed normal and the chocolate wasn't discolored - just an odd taste. The Best Before date was 7/2019 so not expired but unsure how fresh that means.
Came leaking, got oil all over my other item. Almost 1/3 of it gone. It's not a cheap item, so just not please with the condition I received it.
They're a few in each pack that were soft (literally 1 or 2) and tasty. The rest were dried-up and hard. I think I bought the wrong brand.
Yes, it says French roast in small print on the back of this 48 oz coffee bag. But it is by far the weakest French roast I've had; no where near Starbuck's brand or even approaching Italian roast. So if you expect french roast to have a slightly bitter, carbon zing backed by strong acidity and a trailing sweetness -- go elsewhere. And also note that this item isn't returnable.
For some reason when I opened the first box,something did not seem right. I counted the pods ,twice,and sure enough the amount was less than what was listed. I don't know if that will continue with the 3 left. I am very disappointed to be shorted.
Tastes like sugar. Nothing to write home about.
The taste was similar but not the same. The flavor didn't last as long. Could it be because the gum was manufactured in Mexico?
Candy is nothing to be impressed with. Tin much smaller than expected but candy was full size. So it had about 7 pieces in it. If you collect tins it's cute it did come dented. It gets 2 stars because it came with a cute little tin. I won't order this again.
When I use these water enhancers, even when using half the recommended amount, my mouth feels dry and my thirst is not assuaged. I also use MIO which does not have this effect.
There are 70 individually-wrapped snack bars in this bag. This item is way overpriced at $40.
Hot but didn't taste that good.
bought previously, happy with product. this package contained two 3" wide clumps of candy in the bag with the fully formed candy fish not happy with that
not as good as I expected
Product arrived today but the best by date is 6 months ago.
after taste is oily and a lot thinner than I'm used to. Decided to give to my dogs for a treat. They love them.
Perhaps I'm expecting too much. I am disappointed.it falls apart. I can't slice it we have eaten some with a spoon!!! You can't get it out, it is too loose, like sand, sort of. The flavor is not as I expected. I'm ordering another one.
Didn't really like the taste. I bought a pack with many flavors, tried a few and didn't like any.
i was on vacation when this was delivered, and despite the dog sitter takin the package inside, i guess the poor lil rat sat outside on my doorstep way too long cause by the time i got back, it was a melted blob in the packaging,, this is more my fault than anything else. it still tasted good, but it wasn't the rat i wanted. i wish i could have another one sent for free but that ain't how it works. maybe some other day, lil buddy,,,
Received message that order was delivered. However I only found 2 of 3 items at my front door. The person didn't even knock. I only new by message. I went to check with the front desk and nothing. I was opening the door to my apartment when I noticed there was a box by the apartment next to mine. Out of curiosity I checked the label and it was my box. This is happening very often. The labels are clear and somehow my items get lost. Some people are honest and would return it to it's rightful owner but it's not always the case.
I ordered the Latte Da, and received the original flavor TWICE. Amazon won't allow me to replace or return the order. The only reason I ordered this product through Amazon is because I can't get the Latte Da flavor at my local supermarket. Waste of time and money.
just not the flavor for us
Ordered several times from this seller. This time seller sent with signature required. My schedule and ups schedule does not align. Now I have no bars. Frustrating. Will be returning whenever I finally receive the bars. This review is not for the product. The bars are very good.
Thought it would be a replacement for Nutella. No hazelnuts! No nuts. Good chocolate spread.
Received 2017 Harvest instead of 2018 Harvest for 28 Feb 2019 delivery. Wished had received a 2018 harvest.
Product arrived in a timely fashion however product has about 50% less dried fruit and a lot more peanuts. I don't believe I've seen a date yet so my review will end with .......I will not be placing another order with this company.
Had an soapy after taste. Amazon would no return.
So these didn't say rum in their description. They are made of rum
Didn't love them. It took 2 weeks to receive them.
Good product but bad packaging resulting in several bars arriving with packaging opened.
These arrived in what can only be described as a crusty mess. I'm guessing it leaked during shipping? I would have contacted the seller to complain, but this stuff has a horrible taste/after taste. Since I'm assuming all they'd do is offer to replace it (no refunds on food stuffs), I decided that was a waste of time.
I wanted to like these, they sounded great. The dog doesn't even want to eat them when they get dropped on the floor he ignores it. If you love beans, and you want chips that taste like beans with beany aftertaste and weird texture, then these are for you!
A lot of these reviews state how tasty this nut butter is. I can't taste anything, let alone walnuts. The outside of the jar was a bit oily so I assume the jar is not air-tight through transit. This could make the oil in the jar go rancid much quicker.
Spongy, flavorless, uninteresting. I like other products from these folks but this one won't get a reorder.
This tea has almost no flavor--of either tea or bergamot. It has a pleasant, yet very faint bergamot aroma but the flavor is very mild and "almost, but not quite, entirely unlike tea". We tried steeping longer and adding more tea leaves but it doesn't help much. This is not our cup of tea.
I ordered this spaghetti fist time 2 for $10.99, and buy it again the same price, but received just one.
Item arrived a bit battered. The cake part of the roll doesn't taste much like pumpkin and is dry. The cream cheese is very sweet. Almost gags one with it's sweetness. My bridge group agrees with this assessment. Unfortunately I got 2.
I opened some of these and they are a weird color :(
The coloring and flavor was very poor compared to my last purchases
Bought 2 bags, one arrived unsealed from the factory and we won't be able to use :( the product of great besides this. They don't offer returns, so hopefully they'll see this review and send me another to replace the open one
For the average coffee drinker, this product is definitely not worth its considerable cost. If you are a true coffee aficionado or someone with the ability to discern minute taste differences, then this might be worth a try. But don't expect much difference if any. I was hoping for more from this product.
Yeast extract. Uggh if they would just drop the yeast extract nobody wants “natural” msg any more than they want lab msg
In order to have these, you have to already have some kind of canister or Tupperware to store them in once they open. Unfortunately each pod constantly left grounds in the Keurig, which then got into the coffee you were drinking. While the biodegradable aspect was nice and the packaging was environmentally friendly, it was ultimately very messy and inconvenient for an office setting.
Did not taste good whatsoever
I thought the product had a beef taste. I didn't like it. I've tried the vanilla mixed with pumpkin and that was good. This was just weird.
Tried to use this syrup to make a sangria. Too thick and sweet for this application.
The product arrived as expected. However, the product did not taste fresh. I am used to receiving brittle in thin flat pieces, not blocks. That said, the product had a lot of the sugar at the bottom of the bag. Thanks
The reason I bought this product was for the container not the tea. When I opened the package the container was damaged. Had a huge dent on the side. You can't return or exchange. Very disappointing. If you want this for the container don't buy!
It tastes like it hasn't been sifted. Other brands taste cleaner and better. I can hardly stomach this. Great benefits to my body but it gags me.
This product is grown in China. Did not feel too good after having them. How can we assure that this product is truly organic?
I love Southern Pecan Coffee, but this was not as good as what I used to purchase at Bi-Lo. Their brand was Southern ? Home, I think, but was discontinued. Best coffee ever, but this did not come close and cost a lot more. Was not satisfied and was expecting larger pkg's with that price.
We enjoy a bold coffee however this wasn't as bold as we had hoped, and it tasted bitter and not fresh.
It arrived properly sealed. It had no smell to it, I tried to smell it, it was a very weak vanilla smell. I started my vanilla extract on March 28, 2019. I'll see how the extract turns it in June when is completed.
Never had a Guatemala Antigua we didn't like until this one. No sweet richness. Instead, bland and insipid.
I found that two of the jars were dried out hard and inedible, one was somewhat edible, and one was very good. Maybe they had been stored for some time or were improperly stored. I don't know but it is hit or miss with this brand.
The coffee is fine. The fact that each of the six pounds I ordered came in separate packages is beyond wasteful.
I bought 2 bottles. One is in good shape the other one crashed like the photo shown.
Not much flavor. Accidentally bought these thinking they were the chewy version (chocolate almond sea salt). The packaging is deceptively similar. Won't buy again.
Not fond of the taste or consistency of these. I won't buy them again.
I've searched the internet to try to find a reason/something I'm doing wrong that would result in my seeds are getting moldy, and I don't think it's me or my process. I haven't been able to get a batch of these broccoli sprouts because all three attempts have gotten moldy.
I am a chai tea lover, but didn't like any of the teas in this selection. It was a Christmas gift for my son and he found them undrinkable also. The overpowering flavors in each can were not even the flavors on the label. And they just tasted terrible. Even the aroma of the canned tea was unpleasant. I gave it 2 stars only for the beautiful packaging.
Just NOT a good flavor or smell to this, I was very disappointed considering how much it cost. It almost smells like playdoh!! Yuck!
Ordered orchids and they were shipped promptly. When i got the box, the orchid was beautifully packaged to hold it down and to keep it from shifting inside the box and had 2 layers of protection but it wasnt good enough i guess. All the flowers fell off and were in the box and half of the buds fell off. I was left with 4 little unopened buds. I will not send it back because the poor plant has been through enough and i will nurse it until it blooms again but for $37, i should have just gone to the store for this
This is far too expensive. I receive bags that are marked $1 per bag and pay over $4. I enjoy them but not for the price.
Did not receive what I ordered. I paid for nacho cheese with jalapenos and the cheese I received was just nacho cheese, no jalapenos. I am very disappointed by this.
8 of the cans were busted
This batch wasn't as good as previous ones I bought. It had a bitter taste in spots.
Pancakes dont have much flavor. They seem rubbery.
Chocolate has nice texture. Fillings left much to be appreciated. Would not recommend nor repurchase
I'm new to seaweed as a snack. I was hooping for a light, healthy snack to eat at work. I found it unbearable and choked down a few pieces before having to scrap the whole package. Unfortunately, it didn't fit my taste. If you already like seaweed, they are probably fine. They are crisp and lightly salted. I just couldn't get past the.... seaweed... taste. My bad. I'm not criticizing the product with the category of seaweed, just giving feedback for someone who has never had it before.
Bought these cupcake toppers for my son's fortnite party as local bakeries did not have any fortnite themes. When I took them out of the packaging to place on the cupcakes, a few of the toppers were fallen out of the toothpicks and were very flimsy. We tried putting the toothpicks back in but some kept falling out and even tearing.
Bought this for coffee creamer after reading reviews. It tastes like powdered milk. Will stick to half and half. In a pinch I guess it would replace milk but then so would most powdered milks for a lot less. Be Leary of reviews.
It's not sweet enough nor is it salty enough. Why bother. Will not recommend and will not purchase again.
II PAID EXTRA FOR 2 DAY! my package ARRIVED in disarray. Chunks of the salt tray missing. the tray looks used. Scratched and paint chipped off. It was packaged in a damaged box with NO filling or protection. These pictures do not look as bad as it actually is.
Received it late. It was too late to use it because it was for Thanksgiving. It's just sitting in my pantry now because I couldn't return it.
Doesn't taste like the same bottle and brand I had and the bottle was much smaller.
The product was shipped improperly (in a box far too large) and as a result the chain broke. I've tried to put it back together, but it looks like one of the end links went missing. Despite improper shipping, I would have expected this product in it's packaging to be able to withstand normal shipping wear-and-tear. I'm only giving it two stars because as a result of this I really haven't been able to test this product out. Maybe it works great! I'll never know.
The product is good but the problem is iwas delivered by mail and came completely crushed I can only really use it as a topping not as bites Needs to be placed in a package for delivery that allows it to stay as intended original shape. Very disappointed.
Strange flavor. Sweet like sugar, but with an after taste of lemon pepper. No smoky flavor. I don't care for the flavor at all.
This should be cheaper for how small it is.
I don't care for them.. to plain I couldn't even tell thry was almonds
The bars tasted funny, like they were bad, I honestly didn't check it they were but they were so gross, I threw them out and bought more from the grocery store. I even subscribed because I live the product but these were not it
Not for me. I tried to get ingredients list before buying - I was allergic to some ingredients. I gave it to a neighbor
I have gotten this in the past and it was a great addition to my chai. This shipment contained a bottle that has a manufacturer's expiration date of March 14, 2018
I couldn't enjoy because it tastes stale ..not crunchy and not chewy. No taste, just rubbery and bland.
I enjoy beet chips and have tried many from various places. I somehow missed that sugar is added on these and they taste like sugar rather than beets. I buy beet chips because I like beets, not because I want to eat sugar. I gave most of the case away and I will not buy these again.
The plastic wrapping around the chili powder container was open chili powder all around inside of the box
I was gonna use these as party favors for my sons first birthday (I bought special themed wrappers), but unfortunately 90% of them came broken up inside their original wrapping...
Recommend these to fill glass jars as fall Halloween decor. They taste icky sweet but maybe that's just me.
Dried/hard. It did not look right . Sprinkled with snow flake spots
Has very little taste taste like flavored weak coffee
Taste ok but not great. Have bought better tasting.
I'm this is our second chocolate kiss delivery from Amazon this year. The first one was fine, no problems. This delivery went thru FedEx. The box arrived on the porch pretty beat up and re-taped. Even the shipping label was destroyed. In the box were 4 5-lb bags of chocolate, two with large slits in the bags and a bunch if loose kisses in the bottom of the box. The labels on the bags themselves are dirty, so clearly these bags went flying across a floor somewhere. The two bags that do not have holes in them have naked chocolates in them and several crushed kisses. Clearly these bags have been beat up. I am pretty sure Amazon packed the boxes. They should have used some type of packing material because 20 lbs of loose chocolate is clearly going to crash through a box. 🤨
This is the second time I purchased this product. It is a good price for what you're getting. The first time I bought them the expiration date of the chips was a month out which is reasonable. This time, I ordered on June 19, received on June 21, and the chips have an expiration date of July 3. So I will likely be forced to keep some myself because employees aren't going to purchase expired chips. I will have to look elsewhere for a good deal with a longer expiration date to use for my office's snack fund.
Having great difficulty with these decaf pods! The flow is greatly reduced when using a decaf pod when compared with a regular pod. It takes two to make one cup and some won't even produce a partial cup! Also they can be difficult to eject from the nespresso machine. Not pleased with this product!
I bought two for my husband and he's halfway through the first one but unfortunately I'll probably be returning the second one because I don't like the quality of the gummy. They are REALLY sticky. Every time he grabs one from the container he has to wash his hands afterward because of the stickiness which is sometimes a hassle when we're in a rush to school or something. This is the first time buying men's vitamins but I'll buy the same product from Target and see if there's a quality difference. I'll try and post a picture of them when I get a chance. You'll be able to see the stickiness from a picture.
Just tapioca, usable for thickening, or baking. Very bland does not add taste.
It taste fake but you do get a lot of it.
Only received a ten ounce tin.
I purchased these a couple of years ago and loved them but the flavor list has changed. They aren't bad but nowhere near as good as what is still listed on the store page. The seller should either try to put the correct product up for sale or change the pictures on the page to reflect the different flavors. Would not recommend.
I'm not sure where they got the idea that this tastes like toffee, but I got news- it sure doesn't. It tastes like regular coffee with a weird flavor to it. I read all the glowing reviews and question them. I so wanted to love this. If you are looking for a true toffee flavor, this isn't it.
These had too many sunflower seeds on them. Very different from what i would get at the grocery store. Both are Original. I ended up scraping the seeds off- just too many to enjoy.
The bag came a quarter of the way full :(
Yes, it's yummy. I love this stuff as a mixer for Dr. Pepper. Makes for a great soft drink in a 4:1 ratio of DP/SoBe. But the cost! Just far and away too expensive for what you get. I bought it a couple of times and then said forget it.
I really tried to like this soup. But it was not so good – no taste of chicken, Thai, or coconut. It was just watery milky liquid. I will try the other varieties, but in my opinion, you should skip this flavor.
I order these off of Amazon because they are by far the best prices I can find. I typically order the 5 count boxes off of Prime Pantry but decided to buy the bulk count. I ordered two kinds. The shipment arrived in time but they were packaged in a box that was way too big for the products and without "fillers". When I opened the Amazon box the bars were just loose and the cartons were destroyed. Along with this, there was only 15 bars for one of the packages that was marked as 16 bars. I assume the cartons were already opened when put in the Amazon box and that is how one was missing.
It does not have enough chocolate taste it always tastes watered down.
the lid on the containers was broken when it arrived and using this type of squeeze bottle is MESSY. Nature Nates raw honey squeeze bottle design is MUCH superior!
These came packed in an envelope, which I think may be part of the problem. All five had a 2, 2 and 1/2 inch tear, and they all were pretty dry and not malleable. I tried heating one up in the microwave but that seems to have toasted them up rather than making them more loose.
Product is as advertised but has a strange bitter aftertaste that makes it hard to enjoy.
Odd tasting, I wont buy these flavors again
Historically great tea, but the package was nearly destroyed prior to arriving.
In General I like product but this one doesn't taste as expected. I would like a little more spice.
The item was not fresh as described I reached out to customer service but they weren't able to help. My bag came open and someone used duck tape to tape it back together therefore the product lost its freshness.
Ordered the two pack because we use these frequently in the winter. One was fine. The lid on the other was dinged and all the liquid had drained out leaving a sticky mess upon opening and I preserved lemons I had to throw away.
Bought larger size to have canister to hold additional loose leaf teas. One of two came brand new with very obvious dent.
These were not fresh. I've ordered before and they're soft, and this batch was hard as a rock.
most broken in half or more.
The taste and freshness of the rockstar punched is great, however I am quite dissatisfied with the state of the cans upon arrival. The case inside the box was ripped open and the cans were scattered about the box. 14 of the 24 cans are damaged. The attached picture is exactly how the box looked upon opening. I will stick to buying these from the grocery store.
I expected a stronger and darker roast. I found this to be uninspired. Not as sweet a Peet's. I won't buy again.
The caramel was dry and I had to work so hard to get each wrapper off by the time I got it off I didn't want it anymore sadly
Purchased these for party favors for my daughter's golden birthday and they were not gold but quite green. Very disappointed.
Good potato taste. Delicate chips. Too delicate to make the journey without getting broken into small pieces.
I ordered this product to deal with an unpleasant smell in the laundry. I got these two sacks and opened one into a large open container. I couldn't smell a thing. After opening the second bag my son wandered in and asked when I was going to get the lavender! This stuff only smells if you hold it very close to the nose. Waste of money.
Dribbled all over the machine. Weak.
There are way too many empty shells and pieces of shells in each package. Also, I am not overly impressed with the intensity of the flavors so I doubt that I will be purchasing this brand again.
Came in a paper shipping package and one box was completely crushed and spilled inside the shipping envelope
item arrived in oversized box, multiple jars broken. can not be returned as is. Please send credit for 1 pack of 3. this is the first time this happened. item delivered US Mail.
The bag was open and had spilled its contents into the box during shipping. This item cannot be returned 😕.
scent only last for 1 day in a very small bathroom.
I decided to try this (in the chocolate flavor) to help get some extra veggies in my diet. Unfortunately, it has a weird after taste and a slightly green color that's a little off putting. I tried mixing it with Fairlife milk to improve the taste but it still wasn't exactly enjoyable. I would definitely prefer the regular Orgain.
The texture is strange but fun to make.
Definately NOT soft!!!
Not the type we had before. Trued them anyway. Very thick.
It is just odds and ends of ham, not biscuit cuts.
To chewy for my family, the husband thought it was stale. Liked that the salt was packaged separately, that is a nice touch over the other brands but won't purchase this brand again.
Wasn't as good as l expected. Ive had better.
it changed from a monthly delevery to a different seller and the price was higer
Thought I was getting 3 packs. Got only one for a very expensive item. Will buy at local store next time.
Had I known this was going to cost me twice as much as our local store, I would not have bought it though Amazon. This exact same product is sold at SEE'S for half the price. Good flavor but won't buy again from here.
Just not great coffee, disappointingly. Not much body.
Really upset, these don't taste like they did in the store a year ago! Not spicy at all !!!
Long-time coffee fan, love big bold flavors but not a fan of these roasts. The darker the roast in this variety, the more bitter they get. Not well flavored, just overpowering with acid and bitterness. Not one I will purchase again. Had high hopes from reading other reviews; largely disappointed.
Its good but is a much smaller amount than advertised. This is not 100 cups or even close to it. False advertising.
Horrible value. $22 for a 6 pack?! I mistakenly thought I'd be getting 12 of them.
Perhaps I was unlucky but I got a cup with an ugly dent mark right under the logo. If they sell this darn thing at such an expensive price, they should have better quality control to not send out cups with such glaring flaws!!!
didn't care for the taste
I had high hopes for this product because I start my day with peanut butter on toast. Very disappointing. Easy to prepare and spread but no peanut taste.
I normally like this product but the boxes that I ordered were very stale.They were not pass the expiration date.
Has a very weird aftertaste
3 cans came dented but this item in general "isn't eligible for return".
Arrived with one broken bottle, one bottle almost empty. They put the case in a mail basket to contain the leaking soda. I had to wash the sticky soda off 22 bottles. When I opened a bottle to drink, there was a rusty taste, had to rinse off the top of the bottle after opening to get rid of the rust taste!
Unfortunately the product was damaged upon delivery and the contents leaked out all over box and other two bottles of syrup.
It was melted when it arrived. The ice pal was a joke. It was more like a bandaid.
Nuts were rock hard. Stale! Grossly overpriced
Has an odd after taste. Stick with the syrup. They are amazing
Didn't see this was sugar free :(
My wife said this matcha was not the bright green she was expecting and even had some brownish / orange hues. Didn't seem as fresh as others but she wanted to try this as the price was better. Unfortunately she'll be going back to the others.
The taste is strange, Stick with the orange mango
About 50% of these were broken. I ordered for party favors to give out at my daughter's birthday party, unfortunately by the time they arrived it was too late to do an exchange & these are nonrefundable.
Not as good as jelly bellies.. But the price was right
Fast shipping. Outside box was in perfect shape but the actual poptarts box inside was crushed and so were all the poptarts. So the damage to poptarts must have occurred before shipping. Very disappointed.
The first bite was awesome! Then a few weeks in snack time was horrible!! I work in a school and all I could think of was manila folders! I ended up giving a teacher friend over half the box. I might try a different flavor, since someone said jalapeno wasn't their favorite!
mixes were out dated threw away to bad oh well Duncan hines
We decided not to open the package as the return address is an abandoned lot in Troy Michigan and the packaging seemed a little sketch. So, I can't say for sure whether it would've been ok, but be aware that there's a risk with stuff like this! And note to the seller, what's up with the above?
I purchased these Hoody's peanuts based on good reviews. Well, the bad reviews were more accurate. I've never purchased peanuts in the shell before that were this hard. It's like chewing on limestone gravel. The taste was okay, but crushing them with your molars is a chore. I've had a cracked tooth for several years. The pain went away then after a while, but now it's returned. I don't recommend purchasing these peanuts unless you enjoy chewing something hard as a rock.
Do not like the taste of the added liquor. Peanuts are not the freshest.
The box does not look like this purple. Mine were white and looked somewhat like a pack of cigarettes at first glance. Not very magical. They were also packaged poorly and dented up. My Harry Potter themed stocking stuffers won't be looking as great as I expected.
Nutritionally, this stuff is great. Taste and texture - awful! I tried it once and then gave it away.
Ordered three boxes of biscotti to give as gifts. Unfortunately, the boxes are all damaged so we are going to throw the top of the box away then place the elastic brown bow over the cellophane covered biscotti. Disappointing and not a great solution. Each box should have been wrapped separately to protect the box since the finish on the box is textured and fragile. Gave product 2 stars because the biscotti itself looks great; presentation awful.
Not happy with how hard they are. But they do taste good once you get them a bit chewed up. However the peanut butter one had a stick in it. I almost broke my tooth. I've attached a few pictures, yes it is a stick, as in from a plant, a very hard stick.
I couldn't tell any difference from normal until I added too much ... and even then, it didn't accelerate my GI tract much, but it did give me INSANE gas. I'll sometimes toss a very small scoop into the 50g protein shakes I have and won't notice issues like that with small quantities, but I don't know if it helps. It's probably just the placebo effect or wishful thinking making me keep using it to justify the purchase. Eating "real" fiber by just upping the amount of veggies I eat has been the far better result compared to this powder for me. You can't taste it though, and it's fairly innocuous stuff, so if it doesn't give you the winds who knows it might help a little
As stated in the title, the product does not taste the same as the smaller sized ones I bought in a supermarket.
Not a good flavor, every other flavor is better
Meh, too expensive. Too hot for us. They also had alot of grease on them
What did I like the least? The fact that they arrived and were set to expire in two weeks. The product if purchased from a food store expires in a little over a year. What did I like the most? They are excellent for toasting over a fire.
The fact that the tea box came scrunched up and powdered tea leaves were all over the the box made me doubt about the freshness of the product.
My kit was missing 3 spices. One of them pretty hard to get. Check your spices when you get them
Got my box but they are almost expired.... just a month left.
Just not crazy about the flavor.
I LOVE Nicks Sticks. I eat them every single day. But I didnt even open the turkey sticks from this order - you could tell they were expired or defective upon just seeing them. Not at all what they usually look like. So bummed. Amazon's customer service responded and refunded within hours upon receipt of the package, but just bummed because I LIVE for these sticks ☺️
The coffee taste great. However, the cup is not the right size for my Keurig 2.0. It does not puncture a large enuff hole in the bottom of the cup causing the brewer to stop with a malfunction warning. Had to expand the hole either by using a knife or predrilling the bottom of the cup so that it would fit in the pod holder. So, while the coffee is great, Keurig users should be aware that the cup may not operate properly in the machine. Would not purchase again just for that reason.
I wish I knew before I ordered it that the stuff only lasts 30 days after opening it. Please let me know who uses for models of the stuff within 30 days? So basically I have purchased something but I may as well have thrown my money down the toilet
Not that great. Unfortunately the tea does not taste too fresh.
You can not shake enough to make the chunky texture go away. Not for me.
Really annoyed, I ordered this at the same time as a hardback boom and the two came packaged together. The flour packaging tore because there was too much room in the box, now I've lost a third of the flour and my book is covered!
These are not dark chocolate. Darkish milk chocolate. Disappointing. Trader Joe's are better.
These are not good pecans! Not quite bad enough to throw away, but have that sort of musty taste and are soft in texture compared to other brands. Checked the date: they are supposed to be good through Spring of 2019. Had been buying the Planters brand, which only seem to come in smaller containers, and decided to give these a try . . . won't make that mistake again.
Wow these are different. I applaud all of the allergy friendly aspects of these but they are rough! Literally! My teeth are still hurting after finishing one. And the flavor? Well there is none. These are pretty bad.
Not geared to home Ice cream makers
Doesn't really taste like normal water. Would return it, but already tried. My advice- order and try a single bottle first.
I can feel the taste. it is gross.
It's not terrible, but it's not flavorless like vegetable shortening. That is very disappointing, because I planned to use it to make frosting. It's also far too expensive for such a small amount.
Some bags were sealed but empty.
I love plants, and I have a bit of a green thumb with most plants. These are a bit more high-maintenance, but manageable. However, within days of being delivered, two of the plants withered up completely. I have been following care instructions, making sure they are hydrated, that the soil is not too wet/molding, and yet only one plant is healthy. One completely died, and the other is struggling, but will hopefully pull through with monitoring and care. I don't know how much damage the delivery process had to do with it, but I will not be purchasing these online again. Much rather take the extra time to go to the plant nursery myself and pick out the plants myself, instead of gambling on them being healthy when delivered and not going through any damage or shock from being moved.
I still kept them and used them for my party favors because it was too late to get other ones but some of the pieces were clumped together because it slightly melted at some point probably
Ordered two boxes and six of the pretzels in one box were broken. This was purchased for presentation almost as much taste, and these six pretzels were useless.
Have been using daily for over a month now hoping to alleviate some brain fog, focus, and concentration problems I've been having recently. Haven't noticed any improvement in those areas, or any other positive effects. Your mileage may vary.
I was expecting flavor like the Chunk PB KitKats from Canada. These were dry and blah in comparison, I threw them away.
The flavor didn't disperse throughout. There were also rinds that didn't pop and were very hard. Would not purchase again.
Every tea box came super dusty. Very strange.
I did not receive the correct item ordered this time; when I have been receiving this order for quite some time (pills rather than tea). However, I am not offered the choice on the Amazon of returning since the pills were delivered based on their policy!
Celestial Seasonings teas are much better tasting.
I have used this as a finishing salt (added after food is cooked) and find it to be nearly devoid of smoke flavor.
Bought this for my son. He didn't like it at all.
Quality and price is good. Too Spicey and not enough pumpkin flavor for my liking.
The coffee tastes great and it's perfect to carry around but the free gift that was included was not in the description. It clearly says a stainless steel bottle or a tumbler of some sort, yet I received a diary/planner. Now that was quite disappointing since I was looking forward to using the bottle with this coffee.
I received the wrong item. Received 55% dark chocolate.
Not the same as the originals!! Expensive!!
product was fresh , don't like chocolate covering
Very tasty Ristretto, however, 10 of the 30 pods arrived completely crushed and unusable in my Nespresso machine. Very disappointed in the packaging.
The jar was delivered leaking. The oil was all over the bag
There is no country of origin given on the box or the tea bags. Only the words "Japanese style" appear, which in my mind raises a bright red flag that the tea almost surely comes from somewhere else. The company clearly goes to great lengths to have you to believe it is Japanese, and equally great lengths to hide it's real origin. I give it the tea 3 stars because it's OK, and the company 1 star for its deceptive labeling. It's not the kind of outfit I choose to do business with and I will not do so again. I will revise this review if the company provides evidence that I am wrong.
The packaging was awful. 2 tins in a box with no bubble wrap. Needless to say the majority of the coolies were in pieces. I've ordered these before and they always came packaged so that there was no breakage. Not this time!
Not sweet at all? I've doubled the amount of erythritol in keto recipes, but this doesn't sweeten much at all.... Swerve works so much better...
It's not as good as the yellow top one :( kind of disappointed
Item arrived in 4 days but scratched, and dirty. Read the description it is tiny 2 inch square.
I want to rate this higher, but the tin I received was damaged (the box it came in was in a fine condition so someone sent it knowing it was damaged. There was no muslin bag included, and the plastic bag inside the tin wasn't sealed. While the "security" stickers on the outside of the tin seemed completely intact, the fact the steeping bag was missing, too, makes me wonder if the tea was tampered with. Unfortunately, I can't return it, because I did open it.
I'm a salt person and like the taste of salt. I guess it has extra minerals that give it a slight sweet taste, which is fine, BUT...it also DOESN'T taste like salt.
These crackers were shipped in a thin bubble wrap envelope. They are all crushed. We watched the delivery person throw the package onto the driveway. The packaging was not sufficient to protect the crackers. These are not useful for Thanksgiving dinner in their condition.
Not really impressed with the arrival of this product. First, it came after 7 days even though it was prime. Second, it was plastic wrapped in a bag and the top had cracked. Third, the protective seal was broken on the lid. Not happy.
I love to grab it and I can eat it like candy, but not this. Tastes like there is a chemical or preservative added to it.
Very little amount for price. Broken pieces
I received two boxes of these chips on August 16th, and they expire September 24th of this year. I was hoping 80 bags of chips would last me longer than a little over a month. Not pleased!
Tiny. Same size as a cheerio.
The box came damaged and ruined. Not a lot of beans for the price.
I am pretty disappointed in these. They were shipped in an envelope, so half the bag was crushed. The flavor was pretty good, but I'm not going to spend that much money for a small bag of half crushed chips again.
The individual packaging packets is huge compared to a tiny bag of tea inside. I don't feel I got big enough single serving.
I get it being healthy, but the taste is not what I expected, bought for myself and grandsons and none of us like it. Sorry
just a candy to me. will not buy it ago. only tried one and trashed rest of them. may be a good one but not my tast.
Two of the packages had holes in them and leaked all over the place. Obviously I can't use them as it wouldn't be safe. These were not cheap and I feel like I just wasted money.
This purchase was disappointing. The box arrived and looked intact. Four of twelve cans were badly dented as shown in the photo. The soda itself smelled fine but tasted flat with little fizz. I've had the soda many times at various conventions and own two mugs. This is nothing like the product I received at the conventions. Again, very disappointing! I'll buy on-site, but not via delivery. The cans look nice and slender, but the aluminum is very thin. Perhaps that's part of the problem.
I ordered this because I love Cuban coffee that I drink while I'm on Florida. It did not live up to its name. Will not order again.
stale and discolored, hardly any taste
I really do not like the taste of these wraps!
description says 72 pack I got 12 just on principle I ether want a refund or 60 more.
There were only 29 cups in the package. It's upsetting because these things are already expensive to begin with, then they skimp on the quantity. The box they were shipped in was also really squished. Disappointed. :(
Love this licorice and order the three pack many times a year for years. For the last 6 months the licorice has had a white coating like it is old and is quite a bit harder to chew like it is old. Date to sell is fine. New stock is shiny black and has a soft chew. Stop selling old stock please.
The strawberry were better than the chocolate but honestly did not like either flavor
I was also duped by the photos thinking I was getting ground coffee. My wife was so excited until she opened the package and found whole beans. I reread all the descriptions and nothing says ground or whole bean, but the pictures clearly state ground.
Dissatisfied, tastes diluted (very).
The tea packets were just thrown in a box that was somewhat crushed and flimsy, and we were missing two flavors.
Many of the chocolates were hard as a rock and clearly very old. The banana on the inside should be fairly soft and not crusty.
One of these did not seem to have a Carmel layer at all, just pecans pressed in nougat. Would not buy again.
I was extremely disappointed at the size of these. They were literally quarter sized after I cleaned them. They had a very strong smell when I got them but after I cleaned them with salt and lemon, they smelled better. The size however was very disappointing. Call them what they are Roland and the reviews will be positive.
I follow a sugar free way of eating. I did not care for these flavors at all , I am sad to say. Too much of an odd aftertaste. Giving away.
It has very strange unpleasant taste and I was surprised that it has gelatin as well!
It is definitely not a natural raspberry flavor. This has an aftertaste and a strange flavor. Will not use, glad I tried it beforehand.
Fist and foremost, if you are trying this out and decide it is not for you, you *cannot* return this because it is considered 'flammable.' How the seller is able to sell it to you when it's 'flammable' at the post office but you are not allowed to return when it continues to be 'flammable' is a mystery. Nonetheless, for me, it's $30 down the drain. The first time I used it, it was fine. On subsequent usage, it made my hair frizzy and dried-out looking. I have lots of aging, straight, fine hair. Too much volume for me. Your mileage may vary, depending on your hair type.
The nuts were old and stale! Nothing like the picture shown of fresh light brown pecans. The nuts were all dried up and didn't taste good at all! Very poor representation of actual quality of nuts!! The no return policy is very poor also!! You should be able to return a item if it is not good quality and fresh!
Not much flavor, not robust at all for a "dark" roast. I tried this 1 pod 10 ounces and it was weak. Works in my 2.0 though despite no visible identification on the pod. Then I used 2 pods at 6 ounces and it was drinkable. I will go through the 100 count box, but I will not purchase again. Also, the pods discharge grounds into the cup on the first 5 pods I used. 2 stars because I am not returning or throwing away.
I was shipped a bulk product in different packaging. Do not buy from this seller.
Very basic coffee. Compares to cheap store brands. Nothing special, lacks smoothness.
Looked like a batch of leftovers. There were only 11 sent instead of 12 as should have been. Out of that 6 of them were Micky Mouse 4 were Mini Mouse and 1 was Pluto.
The product is fine. I've been eating these since I was eight and I'm now 50 (they don't make them like they used to but they're still not terrible). The main issue was the massive wait for shipping. Granted, I was notified that the shipping would take longer than usual, but the overall wait time was ridiculous. They first missed the estimated date of arrival, then notified me of the wait, THEN they arrived, and when they arrived, they were 10 days (!) from expiration (and if I'm not mistaken, these have a shelf life of about 3 months). The people shipping these need to get it together. Please make sure with the seller first when they are arriving, AND expiring!
Firstly, I taste neither "raspberry" nor "lemonade" but instead something more like watermelon and some unknown taste. Very odd. And worse, it coats my mouth in ... something. Is that the stevia? I dunno. Regardless, I'll pass...
Very adorable plants, however don't water from the top, they mold easily, also mine are not growing super fast.
The flavor is ok, but overall is ruined by how powdery it is when you bite it. Doesnt taste great.
Not what I was hoping for, my bearded dragon has a very picky pallet it seems.
I read other reviews before I purchased these about some of the wafers arriving broken. I decided to take a chance. Well the first of the four boxes I ordered had a lot of broken wafers I was trying to make the whipped cream dessert recipe on the back of the bos. It is a bit difficult to make with broken wafers but I was able to find a way to make it work. I would probably purchase these again even with the broken wafers because I cannot find these cookies in the store. And, my family would not be happy without the chocolate whipped cream dessert. So what's a girl to do!
Had just a bit too much Citrus. Really nice try though.
Missing 2 in the box....
This is my mother's favorite coffee. We normally have no problems with it. It arrived busted today and is not eligible for return. The coffee is great, the shipping was less than...
Loved that it was packed in a cooler but ice bag that was included to keep it cool was ruptured and leaked all over candy and external box. After drying off and inspecting the chocolate it was in a sealed bag and by appearance should be ok Maybe the ice bag should be put in a sealed bag also?
Haven't used as yet.
I love spicy but this was a little too much
I didn't really like the flavors...but they provide protein
Appearance. Not packaged well honey all over the outside of the package. Product fell out of the cardboard when I picked it up. Seems awfully thin for honey.
Tastes a little greasy, not as smooth as the European Truffles, The price is much cheaper than the good ones though.
No big deal. Just looks different.
One of the bottles was already open and made a mess inside the box. Rest of bottles were sealed. Never happened before ordering Bai from Amazon.
nice but too small and cover drops off when pot is tipped to pour the last half of tea. broke the knob off the cover.
I can't say I was in favor of the flavors. But they are healthy.
I have never ordered this brand but heard great things, not sure if those brown areas are normal or not
These are good, although not my favorite flavor. I wanted to like these since they have coconut flavor in them, but the coconut flavor is too mild for my tastes.
I love Feast from the East but it's to dam expensive...On Amazon....I was desperate at the time...found the same product at,reasonable price.
A good medium roast. Bought for my husband. He has not found his favorite yet.
None of the snacks he liked
Won't be buying these again. Way to sweet. The Walmart brand much better.
Looks great but have not tried it yet,,, Very Expensive for the amount of Salsa!!!
Arrived with many so far melted!
The 2 original mayo were fine. The Chipotle Lime was a liquid oily consistency. I contacted Amazon and they made a refund. Amazon was great, the product wasn't so great.
Love the product but don't like the return policy. The 3 lb bag arrived half empty and sugar spilled all over the box because of a large hole in the bag. When I carried the box through the house and opened it in the living room which means sugar was all over the house. I'm kind of upset that I can't do anything about it because of the no return policy. The product itself is GREAT! I switched to Lakanto Monkfruit last year and it's the only sugar replacement I use. I would buy this again (hopefully without the damaged bag next time lol)
The concept is good, but the gum flavor only last a few minutes.
Packaging label is old and faded and expires in less than a year. I thought the self life would be at least a year or two.
I was hoping I'd like these because I heard they are good for you.... but I did not like them at all. To sweet and bitter at the same time.
I received my order about a week ago, but it was two Prayer Plants rather than the Nerve Plants I ordered. Amazon immediately sent out two more and they arrived today, but again, it was two more Prayer Plants. Amazon told me today that, as there was clearly a problem with their inventory, to order from the other seller on Amazon, so today, I'm trying for the third time, this time with JMBamboo. I'll re-visit this review when that order arrives but, for now, I thought I'd warn buyers to be sure and not buy this particular item directly from Amazon until they've had time to straighten out the problem with their inventory.
Not as spicy to me, but the flavor is good. Some of the ramen packs arrived broken, which is the only reason I'm giving it three stars. These are cheaper at Walmart if you don't want to buy the entire pack.
I thought these were good. The bit of sugar on them just tops it off. I was not that impressed with the price for six cookies though, but purchased as an Add-On item. I will not do that again and continue to go straight through the company. If you are just looking to try them out and have Prime, it might be an okay option for you.
I regret this purchase...taste funny........wonder if dog will eat them?
item was good, exactly what I wanted but it was a pack of 3 (which I knew) but the expiration date was less than 1 month away. no way to use that in the time period.
Bought this product hoping it would be the same as what we bought while visiting Scotland. Unfortunately, it was not. The thickness of the slice appears to be thicker in the picture than in actuality. The taste was of the bacon was on the salty side. Overall it wasn't bad and it was worth a try but I would not buy it again.
The product was inconsistent lengths and half were broken. A few even broke open for the wrapper
If your used to creamer in your coffee these will disappoint. They lack flavor and thickness that other coconut creamers have.
Flavor is so-so. Not bad, but definitely tastes artificial. Tastes better when It's not the dominant flavor in the drink. I've found SF dark cherry of this brand to be much better than the strawberry. SF brown sugar cinnamon is the worst.
Helpful for getting in extra protein after bariatric surgery, but doesn't have a lot of actual oats in it, and definetely had a protein powder after taste, especially when it starts cooling down
Wasn't a huge fan. if you add water, even just 6 oz which it says will make it creamy, it is still liquidy. Once I added 8 oz instead and it tasted like someone had drank chocolate milk and then taken a sip out of my water bottle, if that gives you an idea of what it tasted like. It only comes with 14 servings, too. Since the flavor isn't that important to me anyways, and the nutrition is good, I still recommend this brand, but definitely buy in bulk.
I had to eat 3 or 4 a day just for them to work. Tastes good though.
I did not realize the jelly beans were half the size of regular jelly beans. Received a refund because the plastic bag had a split in it and the beans spilled over into the box.
Not as sweet, tart! Not same breed as Thailand. I have also tried Vietnamese passion fruit. Better than USA grown. Some arrived moldy and owner refunded them.
I mean its good but what in thee world is going on with this packaging?? I just lost probably 10 drinks worth of Syrup during the transit of this item alone.
These turtles were good, but no better than the ones that you can get in the store for a lot less. They do NOT have real Tortuga Rum in them. It is artificial rum flavor... and it TASTES artificial too.
I found this nut butter to be ok - it was good for a quick snack.
Nice assortment, decent price
When it came it had leaked a bit on the box. It had oil stains on it. My puppy definitely liked the smell of the box lol :)
Don't find dried fruit, except for raisins in each package
should last more than 15 seconds
Leaves a weird grainy residue
Cheezits iz Cheezits. About all that can said on that front. A casual search turned these up as the least expensive way to acquire an otherwise commodity product. I bought these as a test of buying food on Amazon, and I don't think they're quite ready for primetime. The best box was about 50% crumbs, and the worst was closer to 80-85% crumbs. I ate them by pouring the crumbs into a coffee mug because that was about the cleanest way to get them from the bag to my mouth.
This coffe is strong but very acidic and not much flavor compared to the organic coffee fair trade I usually buy. I thought I would give it s Chance since you get a credit to buy more but I won't be using. If you like strong and don't mind acidic go for it.
Product was five stars, shipping was 0. I really hate to score them down because of this, but I had to spend a total of 1.5 hours on the phone with LaserShip over the course of three calls because they would not deliver a box of just mentos without being signed for. I almost had to request a refund because I was about to be required to drive 30 minutes to pick this package up at the shipping facility. I'd only buy from this vendor again if they switch shipping services.
Package damage caused leakage of product. There was no response to my email to seller. This product itself was good.
Fellow Indians, if you want spicy, don't do this one, even the hot is a bit on the sweet / sour side.
Good but but lots of sticky candy in bag
Kinda taste like lemonade. It's ok not my favorite flavor. Dont think I would buy again.
I wish there was more of a variety, there are a lot more of some candies than others. Still tastes good.
Looks like a nice set. Box was smushed, and it's meant to be a gift.
I ordered this package on November 2nd and on Tuesday November 6 I got a notification that it was delivered at my home but I never received the package!!! I'm so upset because till this day I haven't got it. In my opinion I think the carrier stole it and it says it was gonna be delivered by FeDex. But What am I supposed to do just sit down see how I lost my coffee and my money?? I really can't rate you guys because I haven't try the coffee yet and I really thought it was at a great price.
Loved the sugar free and coffee taste. They only problem was that most of them were melted by time I got them in Florida. Maybe you will have more luck and a different part of the USA.
the taste did not stand up to it's name
Great products. But box came torn open and product missing.
I was desperate for this candy because I could not find it in any local store. However, price is too high, I won't get again due to that. But these things are delicious!
Nice taste but I do not like the wood after taste. My husband said it smelled like I had been drinking a beer.
Yes I used this to try and find a few coffee flavors that I liked for future ordering value I found that most of them were cheaper low quality flavors and not that great but did enjoy sampling a few of them.
Arrived in good time, and love having a box full of this in my home! I go to the store to buy these regularly and have grown to really like this product, but the flavor from this shipment is not as sweet as previous ones I've had.
Usually like the products by this brand , but I've tasted way better olive oil
Just got my plant today & it did arrive healthy although, I was expecting it to look like the picture fire orange leaves. Instead, it arrived with all green, not an orange leave or flower to be seen. The ad says it flowers all the time. I'm hoping that one it adapts, it will produce flowers. I also ordered the 6" hanging basket with the Goldfish plant, I'm hoping it arrives as healthy as this one did
HALF THE BAGS WERE NOT SEALED AND I HAD TO THROW THEM AWAY. IT LOOK LIKE A MANUFACTURING PROBLEM. NO BIG DEAL. THINGS HAPPEN.
After only eating one of these, my tongue was raw. I am not sure what the issue is, but this happened to me and my daughter, my sons were fine. I've had these before, so I am not sure what happened.
The shipping time was longer than expected...
Only three out of eight grew roots. Got them replaced. Only two of those grew roots.
I ordered the apple cinnamon flavor pack because I already had whole wheat and plain oatmeal at home and wanted to switch it up for the baby. When I received my package I got whole wheat cereal all 6 of them, which was disappointing
Great product but most of them were broken poor packaging
I thought from the picture that this order was both the gift boxes and the paper molds, but it's the red boxes only. Slightly annoying, since I obviously need the molds to make the panettone before I can put them in the gift boxes.
The product was a great value but when you lose 10 containers of creamers due to shipping its not such a great deal. And not to mention the clean up of all the powder creamer all over the floor. I think I will start ordering one at a time.
Short and thin. Smells great flavor unknown gotta wait 1 month before tasting.
I wanted a more natural coloring for xmas cookies and this item works well. The only problem is the item arrived with the red leaking all over the box. The item is not returnable so a bit disappointed about that .
Did not like the flavor was not for me trying others
The pretzels that were actually intact were perfect for the Christmas candy I made but more than 70% of the pretzels were broken when I received them. The only reason I bought them online was because I couldn't find the round pretzels in the store but now I know for next year to just buy regular pretzels...
I think it leaves an aftertaste that detracts from the overall taste.
Bitter taste. Didn't care much for it.
Very tasty and unique. Not very hot for my taste. Loved it on pork and steak.
Sort of okay, not really something I would re order.
I used to get this brand alot in the past. decided to get again but i dont really taste any flavor. Still taste good but i wish there was more of a flavor otherwise i could have went with just regular coffee brand and not have paid as much. thats why its 3 stars.
Over priced but tastes good
kinda plain , needs seasoning
The product is great tasting but way too expensive for what you get. Half the can was water- for $6+ dollars, really?!
Box arrived in awful shape, no sure why it was shipped in a bag instead of a box. Product is fine but I will have to transfer into another container
I did not like the flavor of these at all, but I gave it 3stars because of the softness and presentation... the outside was good, just didnt like the middle peanut part...not as sweet as I would of preferred.
I'm sure it is fine but not for me.
Order this product Dec 21, suppose to arrive today, Dec 29. Today I get a message product has not been shipped and new shipment date is Jan 3rd. This is unacceptable, it has not been shipped so they actually did not have the product. Now they send regular shipment instead of sending priority so I get it faster. The product is good, the service is a mess. Actually, they did not even say it was shipped today so maybe on the 3rd they will send me another email saying they had another delay.
The fact that I ordered on the 8th and it didn't arrive until the 21st. False advertising if you ask me. I wanted by the 10th
it's good, just no licorice flavor...and when ordering licorice caramels, that should have licorice flavor...at least some... they're not bad candies, but I wanted the flavor.
These were ok but not of the better quality.
Not much peach flavor
Delivery by UPS was very slow. I will continue to order but only use Amazon because it's free 2 day delivery. If you order from Joe it takes 6 or longer and you are paying to ship.
A sticky mess... only one bottle broke during shipping, but left the rest a mess covered in glass
The coffee is fine. The beans were a bit dry. The Cubano Coffee by Mayorga beans are always shiny...seem fresh...this seemed dry and personally not a fan. It will be a decent back up to the Cubano...but this could all be my preference.
Like the coconut ones much better!.....They are pricey!!....Do not like the new $12 shipping charge...They were shipped free!
For the cost expected something more regular solar crackers are cheaper
The sprouts that grew were delicious and quick to appear - I got enough for 2 stacked sandwiches after 3 days from 1 tablespoon of seeds - but the sprouting percent was not the best. I think it was the radish seeds because this mix was definitely not spicy like I was hoping.
POSTMAN ON VACATION. RESEARCHED THIS ITEM AND DELIVERED IT TO CORRECT ADDRESS
I like this product & have it on subscribe & save. The price shot up by $10 with no warning. I'll be canceling the subscribe & finding a replacement. Very sneaky of amazon.
imo i didn't like the flavor to much
Taste is pretty good, but they are EXTREMELY CHEWY.
Comparing this brand to Speciality Select Caramel Waffles, Aldi brand wins hands down. This brand is using too little caramel, when biting in it's more like a cookie than a caramel waffle. There is little chew and they break away easy. The taste is not bad but it's not that sweet either.
Tastes like poo when it's in the bottle for a bit. You must chug it!
Very pricey, no flavor
The chocolate was melted! UPS should keep em in a cold area.taste good.
Not as sweet as regular cinnamon sticks.
I love this product and I bought it for the second time from this supplier but I was really disappointed of how they decrease the size with the same price , we're taking edible gold sheets so every cm matters, I request that the supplier stay true to thier authenticity so they don't loose thier customers
I love the bread but it was expensive buying here at Amazon.
They fall apart in a strong breeze.
Definitely not for an espresso maker. Only made for their COFFEE maker. Flavor is sour to me. Have four bags off lightening round, a big waste
Enjoyed the olive oil...I drink 3 tablespoons a day...but not worth the price.
Not bad at all, arrived on time, has more of a subtle rose flavor compared to some of the sweeter or stronger rose flavored Turkish delights I've had, & perhaps these could use just a tiny bit more sweetness and they'd be just right. These delights are a proper size, however, there are only 6 in the box (I must have ordered the small box by mistake) so if you're liable to run through these things as I do then definitely go for the bigger box.
I like the color, but I ordered this 6 gram bottle in rose gold ... and one 4 ounce bottle in gold... and both were 4 ounces.
While the value is apparent in the volume being purchased, the granules are far too large relative to the brand equivalent and it does not have the same taste profile to be considered a substitute. While fine, it probably should be a 4th or 5th option alongside Splenda, Equal, and Sweet & Low.
The sauce is good, but we received rusty cans and two were dented and inedible.
rather more oily than I like.
Tastes just like a blueberry muffin but too pricey!
These do not come in the gold wraps as pictured! I needed them in the gold ones for a candy bar for a party and they came in the standard brown wrapper :(
The product was leaking when i got it and when I picked it up I felt the cap was loose. I don't think the caps were tighten before packaged and that caused some of the liquid to come out. I don't know if it was tilted when it was shipped, but the box got wet in some places close to the lid of the bottles. Also there was enough time for some of them to dry and cause crystals to form. The product itself seemed good though, just the packaging and shipping was a little troublesome.
I haven't tried the coffee yet because I'm just trying to deal with 100 K-cups packed topsy turvy!
I purchased this item about 2 weeks ago, for the first time and bottles were dented. I did not think much about it. I ordered them again and this time couple of bottles were missing. I just didn't feel like going through the hassle of returning it. Just really disappointed.
Good taste but very weak. Coffee for people who get too strung out on caffeine.
Not the best dark chocolate taste. I will stick with the milk chocolate from now on.
I loved the ideas of different flavors but honestly, apple cider vinegar is so strong no flavor has a chance. I mix mine with freshly squeezed grapefruit juice and it's perfect.
I ordered October 3rd and received November 1st everything came in a box nothing was broken the only reason I'm giving this product a 3 Star is because there is no variety as I was hoping for and I personally didn't like 89% of the snacks
Not as flavorful as I expected.
Maybe on purpose as I can't see how they could have possible crammed one more into the box. All the creamers were dented upon arrival.
Mom approved, kids not so much. They only like the chocolate ones.
This stuff tastes horrible! Ugh! I have to choke it down with some coffee like a shot and then rinse my mouth with water as quick as possible. But I give it 3 stars because it has helped regulate my cycle a bit and increased my libido. But next time I'll get the pills because I couldn't choke down another bag.
We like the coffee, but the last two boxes have had a lot of issues with the seal not holding. This causes a lot of coffee grounds to get in the coffee. I don't know if it's because they are using a different adhesive or just a quality control issue. I expect better of Victor Allen. I'm going to have to look for a different brand.
This applies to all the flavors I've tried. I really like the taste and enjoy the texture. The nutritional facts were great too. Unfortunately the inulin and/or vegetable glycerin causes me to be incredibly gassy. (NOTE: it's definitely not the soy as at least one other reviewer thinks). For this reason I cannot ever order anymore. I will keep the ones I have and only eat when I know I'm not around people later.
My first try of Soylent was with the Cacao flavor, which is quite tasty. Next I ordered vanilla, and I must say I'm a bit disappointed. It has a very slight bitterness to it, which could be the fake sugar (sucralose). I admit that my taste is very sensitive to all those fake sugars, and I can always sense them in any product. Otherwise the vanilla is fine, does it's job. I will choke down the rest of the dozen bottles I got, but I won't get any more vanilla probably. Now I'm concerned about trying the strawberry...
Ok thought was getting one bottle just Carmel
Paid for 2 boxes only got one in a carton big enough for 2!
I like the granulated version so much better.
This chocolate was only 3 stars because when I received the chocolate right away the chocolate was melted, that ruined it for me, because it was just melted chocolate, the chocolate was delicious, but it wasn't a bandaid shape. If your choc-aid isn't bandaid shape stick it in the refrigerator, so it forms it's shape again.
The tin says Hot Cinnamon Sunset, but the tea bags inside are Cinnamon Spice - NOT THE SAME THING! We have ordered this 4-pack several times, but this is the first time they switched the product on us. Very disappointing!
I usually like dried mulberries. These have too much junk in it... Sometimes I can taste sand or dirt on my teeth
it clogged my Kurig with chuncks of something that would not breakdown!!
I love this product, but the box was delivered crushed.
This is just ok. I would not buy again.
Ate them all and they were ok......bring back my Maple Leaf franks............PLEASE!
Love Yogi teas, and these are great. All have at least a year of shelf life, most a year and a half. Would have been 5 stars, but two of the teas are different than advertised. The echinacea immune support is green with caffeine instead of the regular caffeine free, and the bedtime is caramel. I was really looking forward to the bedtime one but I CANNOT stand caramel. Excited to try some of the others, just a bit disappointed by this pack.
So the only reason I'm giving 3 stars and not 5 is because I thought these were green. My nephew loves tic tacs and the green ones are his favorite color so I new they would be a perfect gift. Totally adorable either way, I just hope he'll eat them.
Chocolates were good, nuts were average. Felt the price is high for what you pay for in terms of quantity. Pros- individually wrapped. Nice tin.
Great idea and the gradual introduction works well. There are two reasons why I took off stars: 1) makes everything taste like peanuts so it's hard to mix with solids, unless you're only feeding things that go with peanut butter. 2) Needs to be used for a long time - they recommend 6 months. Because of the flavor i have struggled finding a way to use it daily. Works well if you're bottle feeding milk/formula but ours is EBF for most of the time.
These treats are sweet. We would prefer a smaller portion the bar is two servings, but found difficult to eat that much due to the sweetness.
Did a cricket count. There are four crickets in each box :)
This is a little too biter for my taste. But that's just me.
color not the same as the picture
Was leaking from lid in packaging
This oil tends to be bitter and not the best flavor. I use it very sparingly since the bitterness comes out pretty strong.
I love this chocolate. It is my favorite, but after this experience, I can say it's better to purchase them in-store. They had them in a flimsy box that you would get when buying a pastry at a bakery, so there was no protection. They were all melted and kind of squished to the point where the wrappers were somewhat of a chocolatey mess when I received them. As a matter of fact, I think the center might have leaked out. It was nearly empty inside and what was left was not creamy anymore. I guess do to melting, freezing, then going back to room temp. Because of that, it lacked the 5-star quality taste and texture that it originally had. Gotta say, I'm really disappointed, but I will definitely eat them all.
Shipping box contained 3 items. Upon opening, found two items were fine but this package of 12 cans of Mackerel, had been torn open and one can was missing. It was clear that the torn box was placed in the box that way, as there were no loose cans in the shipping box. This Mackerel is excellent tasting and I will order again.
One of the tins was dented. These were used for Christmas stocking stuffers.
great price for the amount of peppermint bark you get, but the description never stated that the goods were a mixture of milk chocolate and dark chocolate peppermint bark pieces. As a family that prefer the milk chocolate peppermint bark, this was disappointing as the dark pieces will not get eaten and therefore the price is not just a great price after all if you are wanting just milk chocolate peppermint bark or just dark chocolate peppermint bark.
I love the flavors, but all 3 bags arrived in crumbs. There were zero whole pieces. Guess I won't order thru the mail again, I'll buy in store.
We mixed with other coffee brand to offset the strong taste.
These pops were alot smaller then I thought they would be. They are like mini popsicle.
Arrived broken and leaking. Reordered and trying again. I'll modify the review if I can get it...
Shipping charges are expensive.
Didn't say anywhere on the Amazon page that this item has to be refrigerated! And it's a huge box. Relatives thought this was the white elephant of the season.
The product arrived late and during extreme heat. I believe this is the reason for them being stuck together. Putting them is the freezer for 20 minutes and a couple drops of the package to the floor cured this. Taste is as expected though no Jelly Belly logo on any of the beans. Perhaps this if from being repackaged?
Tastes like an Oreo pretty much so but fall apart very easily and most unboxed absolutely crushed
One of the bottles had a hole in it. Looked like the package had been retaped at some point.
Amazing ! Love this crepe snack. This is the best favor out of their 4 favor crepes. I usually get it in the store, but it's always out of stock. So I just decided to get it here. It tastes fresh and great ! Just love it ! Update: I'm lowering the stars because I put it in a cool and dry place, but after like 3weeks, the crunchy pearls in the crepes are no longer crunchy.
Not sure what went wrong with this , packaging was fine , they looked fine but taste is not that great , leaves a bad taste in mouth . Not really spoilt just bitter .
Verrrrry hard to stir honestly.... and very liquidy. Overall it seems like a very different product than what I bought in store
I ordered a 48 oz bag which is 3 lbs. of Salt and Pepper Pistachios and was sent a box of salted pistachios in 24 individual little bags. The total weight added up to 2 1/4 lbs of pistachios and I ordered 48 oz. I have been ordering from Amazon for years and have never had a problem with one of their marketers filling the order with something else in place of what you ordered. I have to say the marketer was nice in emails and after I sent a picture of what I had received they sent me a label to return the product. Evidently they didn't have the product to resend so did reimburse me. This was nice but it was a hassle sending emails back and forth one including a pictures, packing the nuts up and taking it to be mailed. To top everything I didn't have the nuts to use for what I had planned for them!
Unfortunately, the box came open, so I couldn't eat this one but I have tried this sweet before and it's amazing. I contacted Amazon Customer Service and they issued a full refund and soon as I told them what happened.
These are a gift and I'm sure they will taste good, but the candy box should be improved. The box is not shrink wrapped and it is too flexible. The candies were inside each box still, but they were all disorganized. If the package was handled any rougher the candy could easily have fallen out of the candy boxes because the end flaps are loose. I carefully put the candies back in their holders and can still gift them. Food should be sealed up.
It's okay, these are definitely really cute. But very small and don't hold much, they're also quite inconvenient to use
I really wish that this product would be adequately packed in such a way that it doesn't slide all over the box. The gelatin is in paper envelopes, and they're not all that sturdy. I've received several packages that have had the gelatin powder leaking all over creation. I wonder what the PO thinks is in the box when it leaves a trail of powder?
Its ok , i was expecting it to be like better, regular folgers is better though
I generally like a light to medium roast but this is on the weaker side for me. It just doesn't have much taste and my coffee always comes out looking watered down. Great value but if you like your coffee on the weak side.
Good flavor. Make sure you wash the leaves well. A dead worm was hanging out on one of the leaves.
Did not have a weird after taste and definitely an easy use for a lighter sandwich fare. These are very thin so if thinking is the size of a normal wrap- you will be disappointed. Recommend using lighter lunch meat and not to over stuff. The wraps are sturdy however. I was the only one in my house to try it but I liked it.
I have orders this coffee a few times but this time it came with a few broken packets and all the coffee in the box. Disappointed because it's not cheap, we do like the taste. Might have to look for a new brand. Unable to return product and I could not find where to contact seller, they should replace the broken packets at least! Will rate better if they do!
Didn't taste like the flavors listed, but was still good coffee
Not wild about stronger and more bitter than what I am used to.
Big fan of jerky. I ordered a bag because I wanted to try something new. I understand my tastes are different than others. First, this jerky is NOT BAD ( & IVE HAD MY LEGITIMATE SHARE OF BAD BEEF JERKY OVER THE YEARS). it is tender, easy to eat, and heavily seasoned (i hate chewy, dry jerky) Second, and this is 100% my personal opinion, the jerky is WAY too sweet. it is glazed into oblivion and seriously sweet, with a slight teriyaki/fishy aftertaste (as was expected). it doesnt taste lemon-y at all. I think ill stay w/ my standard favorites, but happy I tried it! I cant vouch for what you think an ideal jerky should taste like, but it just wasn't for me.
As far as chamomile goes, it's acceptable. But quite weak flavor per bag. Definitely double up, which kinda defeats the point of 50 bags. Probably won't buy this brand again.
This was my first time trying white tea, so I really have no comparison by which to determine if this is a good one or not. It is very mild, but I expected that, and I am not adding any sweetener to it. There really is very little flavor to it, but that may just be what white tea is. Since I am not drinking this for the taste, but for the health benefits, I have nothing good or bad to say about it. The seller from which I purchased, was very helpful.
Two of the three boxes the expiration is next month. The other is for January 2020 I think it's not good to sell something with the shelf life almost expired. Not happy
way too expensive, average taste
It could have a little more favor.
Other than this moldy dried beef (jerkey type product), the sampler was decent. But very expensive and won't take a risk with moldy products again. *** update to this review: immediately after writing this, I received a message from the seller offering a FULL REFUND and offered a sample of their Keto granola. They have a satisfaction guarantee and followed through with it.
The flavors that are seen on this bag are not in the bag. Just the same traditional colors, grape, cherry orange and chocolate. The only reason why I ordered the bag in the first place was because it offered the unusual flavors. Disappointed.
too aromatic for my taste - like drinking perfumed tea
Beware of Expiration dates!! Soup mix is delicious- however, the entire case had an expiration date of only one week after I received it.
The chocolate is good but you can't taste the strawberries in the middle.
Would have to agree with the rest of the reviews saying it's a bit too sweet, I bought this with an open mind though! First handful of bites are actually enjoyable, but as I went on eating it the taste became quite overwhelming. Definitely edible though! So I recommend this to people who like food on the sweeter side, I've always preferred savory foods so that's on me for purchasing this. 🤣
Some of the bottles where kinda damaged, sucked in poked container. If it were a can I drink.
I like the taste of the candy cigarettes. They are not sweet at all!!!
I dont like to write negative reviews but they came with several candies broken and leaking into the box. Just not going to buy candy online anymore.
I followed the instructions and even went online for tips, but the tea flowers never bloomed like they were supposed to. The tea tasted amazing though.
I loved these chocolates, however, they had all melted by the time I got them. I ate them anyway.
The price was great but I prefer a more full bodied coffe.
The snack variety was good, but I thought the box would be ALOT bigger than what is pictured. The snacks came in a shoe size box. See photo for comparison. 2nd Updated Review: I decided to order again since my daughter liked, but this time for son.He likes the snacks. I give a 3 star on size of whole packaging. I give a 4 star on the snacks.
Runs a little small, especially compared to Huggies size 4 or Pampers Swaddlers size 4. We prefer to use these exclusively at night, because if used during the day they absorb too much water from poopy diapers and you have to scrub and scrub to get poop off the butt. :/
It's sweet, really sweet. Like coat your mouth and teeth with sugar sweet. Buy it if you're looking for candy, not if you're looking for jerky.
I missed having strawberry milkshakes so much after going on a sugar-free diet. Until I found Torani sugar free syrup! Now I can have my favorite summer milkshake again! I just add the strawberry syrup to some heavy cream, ice and almond milk, and I am back to enjoying my favorite summertime treat! Yum! Too bad I was charged for the syrup after it was 'shipped', but it never actually shipped, so I had to cancel the order, but the syrup is awesome!
We both liked the creamy, but the crunchy was not crunchy. It tasted just like the creamy one.
I ordered the pack of 2. Unfortunately, one jar arrived broken . Please make sure the packaging is secured and well wrapped before shipping.
Beware! While the flavor is excellent, you MUST consider the salt content. Over 90% sodium. For an average sized pot of soup I used only 3 tbsp of this seasoning.
This was okay. Didn't think it was anything special for the high price. Will not order again.
Very plain with none of the fragrant aromas that I'd expect in a quality roast. Very disappointed in how flat the flavor is. Not ordering again.
had this candy prior to ordering . was just as expected for taste only thing candy stuck to wrapper as if was in different climates . not too shock of a taste just perfect
was almost sure I ordered chocolate. did not care for the hazelnut.
I should have realized by the word Seasoning it did not mean 100% pure ground Siracha which is what I was looking for. Flavor is OK but need more quantity for the desired flavor/ heat.
Was crushed in a box with big bulky drinks . Otherwise tastes ok.
It's coffee. I didn't really get any extra added effects. It wasn't bad, but it didn't change my life.
It doesn't get nice and frothy like I expected.
and we were making a point to eat them for the mineral benefit, then fed them to the birds and squirrels
Overall i'm going to say this is a 3 star. the package had an expired coupon on it so i'm not sure if the product was also expired or not there was no listed date. But other than that, this definitely tastes like sugar in fact unless i was looking for it i dont think i could tell the difference with this specially once i add it to my coffee in the a.m. and noon tastes just like as sweet as it would with regular sugar. I really do like that this is a probiotic because I have lot of digestive issues and it's something I have to put into my diet on the daily basis. I've also made some cookies with this and they taste pretty good, honestly don't taste the difference than when i use regular sugar but I am happy that this does actually cut the intake in half of sugar plus the probiotics. I wasn't happy about this having not expiration date on it or having the expired coupon which lead me to question and wonder but other than that i'd say it's over all a good type of low sugar....sugar . this did not cause me any stomach pain or anything so it's pretty good.
Was disappointed that it appears that 70 per cent of the peppercorns were black... was expecting an equal blend of black, pink, green and white
I bought this because I had loved my previous buy from tea forte but just not liking this one for some reason.
Good value for money however not a fan of the flavor. Doesn't really have a flavor.
Very inconsistent. Some had filling, some didn't
Everything perfect including price. I don't like the chocolate one...but the rest are great
Great price. Fast delivery. Great product. Presumably, the gum got hot during shipment. The wrappers are are stuck to the gum making it difficult to separate the paper from the gum. The gum tastes great, but it's no fun chewing paper.
We bought the variety pack and there were double the blackberry cobbler pods and no salted caramel pods. Very disappointing. Be cautious when ordering you may not receive what you expect.
Well I didn't get any chocolates but the nuts are delicious!¡!!!
These have a great taste but a little sweeter than I wanted.
The package came with two cases of Naked Coconut water and 2 or the containers were damaged and leaking throughout. The supplier should offer a credit of the two containers immediately. This will be excellent customer service The problem may have been with UPS, so you can investigate and get reimbursed if UPS was at fault.
I got these to take on a trip to Maui. Tried one and it's not great but tastes OK. We plan to try these with coconut rum and they will probably taste better. But for no calories, it's not bad.
I have ordered these for quite some time. I decided to go cheaper and got the Crave Coffee cinnamon k-cups and they weren't as flavorful (cinnamon-wise at least). These are always awesome. Until I unboxed my last order of 18 and found only 12. I'll miss my other 6 cups of tasty cinnamon coffee as if I paid for them and didn't get them.
I didn't realize the standard piece of Trident is smaller than a stick of Extra or some other chewing gum (I thought it was thicker to make up for it). They are a little over a gram smaller. I am so used to the bigger stick that I use 2 of these at a time. I will stick with Extra.
Just ok, not great. Won't get them again. Would be a great value if we liked the flavor more.
If the product I received is what this company considers to be EXTRA LARGE SIZE jaw breakers, then i sure would hate to see what they consider to be small jaw breakers!
I love the taste and flavor, they just don't freshen your breath that much. It almost turns into a candy for me. But they're a good quality item and better than the all the unnatural mints.
The package arrived damaged. While this is the best tea I've found for iced tea, i prefer the bags strung and individually wrapped to preserve freshness and allow portability. If ordering the 50 count box, have a tin to store the bags. Disappointed in the condition as third-party fulfillment did not wrap the package to prevent damage. What if this had been ordered as part of a gift basket?
Tastes ok, but doesn't mix at all. Hard to drink as part of a blender ball shake.
Biscuits were rather dry and taste was not exactly what I expected even though I've had these in the past.
i tried to put this in my tea, and unfortunately it doesn't work well. it smells so good, just like lavender! but the flavor falls short. it's wayyyyyy too overly sweet. i can't add enough to even taste it a little bit because it's too sweet. i don't know what i'm gonna do with it unfortunately.
Cheap! Flimsy! Everything included is various sizes. I purchased to use as cake decorations and I could only use a few due to the various sizes.
It is very tasteful but way too small (7 pieces) for the price, you can get 3 times the quantity at any eastern European store or Turkish/Arabic store
Son wanted it so I ordered it... Flavors are ok but don't last too long. Good for small servings of milk
Why did we order flour from Amazon?
The coffee tastes OK the price is too high I wish they sold at least 5 pounds at a time
If you wanted to know any caloric or ingredient info, forget it!! This seller has broken down the original packages and dumps them into a plain cardboard box with no information of any kind!!! I now buy them from Green Mountain and get it in the original packaging and it is much cheaper.
These contain tapioca starch so they stick to the teeth. Flavor is great, if not too sweet.
Ooh geesh, my tong and lips are on FIRE! I thought I could but cannot. Great taste! But it isn't just spicy, it's hot as hell.
It was nice to get samples of multiple varieties...especially if you are on the fence. I likely won't buy in the future (the chicken bites were the only ones I personally appreciated), but it was nice to have as a sampler to try several varieties at the same time.
All their broth flavors taste great, but they're too expensive. I've been able to find comparable products for much less.
It's just a toy for adults.
Delicious but the can was small and the price much more than what you can get in the store.
tasted old, like it's been sitting for awhile
Taste good but all of them came melted together.
The price is good def, but the taste is pretty not so good... if u r picky about coffee taste... I suggest you move on to buy something else.
Tried this since my favorite, Most Wanted, was on backorder from the place I usually buy it. Amazon does have Most Wanted but the price is ridiculous. Anyway, this product is good and that's about it. I've done some serious doctoring with seasonings, pickle juice, and olive juice to make it better but not likely something I would order again. Essentially reminds of a very think tomato juice.
The mint flavor wasn't strong enough. I even used extra in my mint candies and it still didn't have a mint taste.
Product was top quality, but I wasn't in love with this flavor.
Discontinuing my subscribe service to this product, as they seem to arrive oily (as if they may have been exposed to heat) they don't taste spoiled, but the texture is wrong. These used to be a go to protein treat...but I need to find something else.
This tastes good if you like Indian kinds of spices but it doesn't taste anything like hot cheetos if that's what you're trying to substitute it for! Doesn't have the sweetness of hot cheetos. I wouldn't buy again because I don't personally like the flavor. For anyone that does, I hope you feel better knowing that the company has fast shipping and nice packaging!
Was hoping to like this product since I need dairy free creamer but I really didn't care for the taste. Just not my personal preference in taste. It does dissolve well though.
Love the product but PRICE WAY TO HIGH
I am a huge fan of morel mushrooms. These, however, smell skunky, like dirty gym socks, rather than earthy like mulch. The taste was a little off. I had to soak them in vinegar to resolve the funk.
I didn't read the description. The packaging looks too similar to the monk fruit packets I have. I wanted a larger quantity of pure monk fruit.
I received the variety pack (sriracha, sea salt, and mesquite BBQ). The sriracha was good and I would order it again on its own. The sea salt was flavorless. The mesquite BBQ had an unexpected earthy flavor, but otherwise tasted OK, although shortly after eating the contents of a bag, I felt a bit nauseous (and I'm not a person with a sensitive stomach). Your mileage may vary.
I love Amazon didn't give me any issues and they replacing my damaged product as you can see in the photo one of the bottles was broken is shattered glass all over the box is soaked with lemon butter.
I didn't expect it to be so spicy - it kind of takes away from the natural flavors of the vegetables.
The Bark Thins are wonderful and difficult to stop eating, but the online price is twice as expensive as that at Costco.
Doesn't tastes much like celery, it's an interesting soda.
Not like the old version: too dry and stingy with the currant filling.
Certainly not for everyone. They are quite potent and they have a bit of a burnt taste to them but if you like what licorice is actually supposed to taste like this is for you. They might not be over priced but they are too expensive for what you get and the big picture of the tiny box is a bit misleading.
They are ok. I use them as an afternoon snack.
Very disappointed there were no Brazil nuts one of the reasons that we purchased this product in the past was there were Brazil nuts. I feel this is false advertising,Because both the can and the description of the product says there are Brazil nuts inside.
These we're decent.. I prefer the hard shell variety that are a bit chewier. I won't say these are bad, but if you are expecting the hard shell variety look elsewhere.
Good taste but the picture is deceptively large. These are fkn tiny for the price !!
The guava are good. The mango chile tastes like vomit and had no spice at all.
Tastes good but not that exciting
The first case was perfect. I was able to shake up the cans and put them in the fridge to use in recipes, smoothies, etc. The second case was not so great. The solid part was too separated and would not mix, not even with electric blender or mixer - it remained as grainy chunks in my smoothies. I have hesitated to order again since.
Doesn't taste the best, but low Fodmap is very bland anyways
There are several brands of straight up pecan butter, which have much more flavor than this. I would say this tastes a lot more like cashew butter. Very very mild flavor.
Not my favorite but decent price for organic
Too salty, very very dry. Didn't appeal to us so wont be re-ordering. Somebody else night enjoy them.
Good flavor but takes way more to get a decent strength. Costs too much for that!
Good but not worth the price.
These are great snacks, I loved the taste, but I saw no increase in my supply.
The flavor is a little odd to me, but it's not a chore to drink. The vitamins and such in this really help make me feel good in general!
The caramel was great, cheese seemed stale. They should shorten the shelf life.
These are good, and I was excited especially about the price. However the taste of the batch I got was very chemical-y. I don't remember it always tasting like that. When served ice-cold, this taste does go away...but that's impossible if taking a bottle out of the house. I still enjoyed them but I definitely will have to experiment with other flavors and look for taste improvement.
I really want to give this 5 stars; however, I cannot. While I know it tastes absolutely wonderful, as we are from Ohio (current job has us stationed elsewhere at the moment) and LOVE this mustard--it's a taste of home for us-- we've ordered twice now with delivery issues. This first one we ordered was smashed to pieces when we got it, and the second one was opened and leaking. Both times it was delivered in a simple bubble wrap package, which I'm sure has something to do with the problems we've encountered. Conclusion--order for the taste. It is great. Be prepared for some frustrations to follow, however. Good luck! We've not had any yet.
TINY bags. Not impressed
Too sweet for my liking.
Item was leaking inside box when arrive from a small puncture. Not alot was wated but dont know reason for being puncture. It's a nice size bottle
Arrived today, but the cans were all slightly dented. Product was fine. That's probably why the price was so good.
These are mighty tasty and having dry packs around as an option is handy. Yet understand that 150ml isn't very much liquid. You will need to use two packs in a large coffee mug to feel satisfied. That means there are 10 servings in the box. Given the price point, I'd prefer to buy a canned product. I can only recommend if cost is no object to you.
The flavors are not that great. I wasted so many trying to find a flavor I could drink.
Good beef but didn't really like the taste. Very odd for my wife and I
So for the most part I am kinda happy with my trap. I have had it maybe a week if that and a few of my larger traps are opening. I will say I am not happy that some of the traps are starting to rot from the looks of it which means the sell or who ever packaged the trap put to much food in them. (If you notice the black traps I took close ups of those are the traps that are rotting).
Tomato herb is sooooooooo Much better!
I was trying this as the canned version is very hard to find. It's a bit difficult to work with but if you have patience, you can do it.
Okay, but not as good as Trader Joe's.
I thought they would be the big pieces of ribbon candy that I remember from childhood. They are much smaller and not like the candy I remember. They are also a little odd, sticky, like they got heated up some...they taste good, just don't look great in a candy dish.
Very yum but overpriced
The coffee is pretty tasty, but I haven't felt any crazy caffeine buzz like is advertised from the "world strongest coffee". Very expensive for K cups, so I reccomend buying Cafe Bustelo for a fraction of the price and just as good of a cup.
I've ordered these mini gummi bears before and have always been happy. This time when my order came it was just in a sealed bag, no plastic tub as pictured. Luckily I had one still on hand from my last order, but feel if they're not going to send the item as pictured they should at least take the picture with the tub out.
Boring and not eventful
I received this bag of powdered ice cream today with a big hole in it and it leaked all over the box it was in. I had another box in there also so it probably ripped the bag. The bag should've been enclosed in padding. I don't know if it's the sellers fault or Amazon‘s, but it was a waste of a lot of powder.
It's a cute concept and everything tasted fine it's just definitely not worth it. The majority of the box was made up of 10 cent candies and 25 cent bags of chips. I got this for my son and thank goodness his opinion isn't all that important because had it been for someone else it would have been too embarrassing to gift.
The price for the amount is good. I like the variety packs so I chose this one. But taste wise it doesn't taste that great. It's a little too sweet for my liking. It would be nice to also have a regular coffee one in the pack. But they don't have that.
I love the beverage - crisp, refreshing and nourishing. Problem is it arrived like it was routed through Chernobyl and it was missing one can and one was badly battered. It's a non-refundable item but I hope the distributor would offer a correction.
It's Ok, The Trader Vic's is MUCH better. Just not much flavor.
How do we even know if it's the same product? There is a distinct line across the contents and the two parts are of different colors. Weird.
I cannot get over the cooling effect.
Decent if your rich and can waist money on stupidly expensive jerky. Its alright it tasted like shredded slim jims.
I need to use two packets for a 16oz water could be stronger. Do like the flavors
love the coffee just to expensive through here
I'm a bacon connoisseur and these are pretty good, although a novelty. They are very sweet like dessert and I used them for stocking stuffers, went over very well. If you order, check the individual bags, one of mine arrived with a fault in the seal.
I love japanese kitkat . It tastes great not too sweet like american kitkat but it came almost melted!
I absolutely love the crunch of this granola and what's in it. I enjoy it dry BUT as soon as I put any kind of Almond milk, regular milk or even add it to yogurt and it gets when it gets a very bitter taste. For that reason I took two stars away and won't reorder unless they switch how they sweeten it. I did try the Sola brand granola and it is phenomenal and slightly less expensive, I highly recommend that brand!
My most recent shipment of the flakes arrived as an empty container. No flakes, not a single flake. Just an empty can, plus cover. Otherwise, excellent flakes (when they aren't missing)
I did not realize these are not roasted with salt. The natural flavor is a little soft, like stale but I'm sure not really stale.
too much money for the item
lots of shell pieces in the bag and the most of the brazil nuts were black on the inside, not enough walnuts and pecans.
In my opinion, these are the best coffee sticks with Jacobs following. I have ordered this fifty stick pack multiple times and have been very satisfied. However, this most recent order arrived with the clear circular seal opened with the bottom half of it wrinkled and dusty and detached from the container. It grosses me out to think about drinking stocks that someone may have tampered with.
The cake topper will look just like it does in the advertisement. Great for the look! Please know that you will have to remove it from the cake before eating. The seller says that it's edible, but that must simply mean you won't die if you eat it. It tasted and felt like plastic. If you're just seeking the look for a moment, this purchase would make sense.
Yum!! Very good! I've eaten it straight out of the can cold and it was still tasty. WAAAAAAY too much salt! And WAAAAAAAY to expensive!! Even here on Amazon.
A lot of hype for an overpriced product. I can purchase pure, local honey, from small local farms for much less.
Opened the box and one of the bottles were broken!
I absolutely love these sunflower seeds! But, I need a Kosher OU sign on anything I eat and this product had that sign. Then I received an updated bag without the necessary sign! This is misleading please update your picture so customers don't eat something that they wouldn't otherwise eat.
Be sure you really like the peanut butter (PB) ones - they are my least favorite so I am pretty disappointed that I have to trash a 3rd of the bag 😡. I honestly thought the bag would be an even mix of flavors, but you can clearly see they were trying to get rid of the PB ones. Needless to say, I won't be buying again.
They were dry and hard
Harney & Sons teas are excellent quality and I was hoping for more here. The Earl Grey has good flavor, however it seemed weak to me resulting in having to use two tea sachets. It's very good, but I'll stick with their Breakfast Tea! Cheers!
The ketchup was a bit darker than it should be, and the little bit I had tasted off. I checked the date code, and it turns out the bottle I got was produced in early 2015. I bought this just for the glass restaurant bottle anyway, so I washed it out and refilled it with fresh ketchup from the grocery store. The labels held up to a hand wash just fine.
I purchased this as a gift for a friend who is also a connoisseur of coffee's.When the box arrived, it was wrapped in a particular carrier's white plastic wrap. It was left at my front door in the pouring rain and the box looked like it had gone through a very rough and bumpy voyage getting to my house. I tried contacting the seller, Bean Box, but could not find any contact information. I did wind up contacting Amazon, and they handled my return in a timely manner,
The bag popped during shipping.
the flavoring in this is not prominent enough to taste.
Not really digging the taste of this coffee.
My tea didn't come in a package. It was in a ziplock back. Very unprofessional presentation. I ordered from the corporate office in Michigan and it's in a package. I won't never be ordering again.
I dislike that it had alot of gum and missing 3 kinds of candy that was advertised
The product was great, however at least 6 cans came crushed in shipping.
I enjoy the flavor of these seaweed snacks and have been ordering them routinely in the past year. Recently, I have noticed that 50% of the plastic container is full of seaweed. I was shocked. The container was full to the top with seaweed snacks in the past. I am asking myself what is the point if literally half of the container is filled. It is a waste and frankly I feel ripped off as a consumer.
These are nice to throw in your car, forget about them, and be pleasantly surprised when you find one while digging frantically around for a snack. They're not too large a portion to ruin a lunch either. The honey roasted peanuts could be sweeter - they're not very fresh and don't taste nearly as sweet as other brands (or even the larger tub planters sells of honey roasted peanuts), but the plain peanuts & cashews taste good. Not too much salt on any of them.
Have you ever smelled a pet store? Take that smell and lick the floor of the reptile section and BANG! There's the taste of these disgusting little creatures. The point is to be weird, not to be tasty I suppose.
Super cute jar. Not as many figs as other brands. A little too sweet for my taste, but good.
Liked the wig, role played with my husband!
This is usually really good but this time it was not fresh. It was all stuck together.
This product is ok. Does not really have the results, I was looking for. Not strong enough...
Love this hot sauce, but only 5 out of 6 made it, they could do a better job at packing, and labeling in the box" glass"...
I did NOT like the taste.
This decaf had a bitter taste to it. Yuck!
Did not taste good to me
I didn't realize these boxes would be so tiny. Taste fine. Not worth the price.
Barely salted kind of a joke. I had to grind salt to put on top ... maybe this batch missed the salter? nuts were good tho.
It brews a nice magenta color from the beetroot in it. It has an okay orange flavor, but the eucalyptus in it give it an odd taste and aroma that I do not prefer, almost like a perfume or soap. I presume that the eucalyptus was added to give it a cooling flavor, but in my opinion peppermint would have been a better option for this. I probably won't re-order this one.
It's good in terms of taste and texture but it actually turned purple when baked. Also the nutritional facts seems to be inaccurate.
Tastes not great but at least no weird chemicals or artificial ingredients
Taste a little nastier than the meal replacement...
The coconut and vanilla taste good but the other 2 have a weird after taste .
These had good flavor. I wish they'd leave the nuts out. Very dry
I've reached out to this Company multiple times to discuss the cross contamination of their products. I received the potato salad and it contained several items that were not listed on the ingredients list. For those with allergies please be careful!
Product is awesome but each shipment I receive has one or two broken boxes that leak through inside and out.
One of the bottles I received had a broken seal, but the 3 star review is for the product itself (I tried the "good" bottle). This isn't really the best tasting stevia and kind of tastes watered down. The brand I was using before I bought this was way more concentrated and required about 2 or 3 drops per cup of coffee, whereas to get the same flavor I have to use about 8 drops of this one. I really prefer my things to be less sweet than most other people, so I think other people may even need to use more than 8 drops or so per serving. I think I will stick with my previous brand for liquid stevia.
Good and reliable product, just wish it was less expensive. We use it for crafts projects.
Tiny and very cute. they make great decorations on treats and kids would love to eat them. They taste pretty good- not good like gummi bears but edible.
30 little pieces of chocolate for $15? Totally unaffordable. Tastes very good and the keto value is there, but NO chocolate is worth this amount of money. They need to bring the price down 50% or more for me to ever order again
No complaints with the product itself, but it could be packaged a little better. I've ordered from this seller quite a few times and a handful of times I've received several busted cans. The last package I ordered was so badly damaged, that it had to be sent back. I understand that the heat has some to do with it, but better packing would be appreciated.
I love air pants! I've been buying them for years so I really excited about this lot! For the most part they're good and healthy. They are large, one is over 10 inches! All 6 are different species, not sure what all of them are so its be really nice if they came with an ID. The con is that most came with beat up, chopped leaves, one was really squished so it's flat on one side, and a few with leaves split in the middle.
Wasn't a fan of the chocolate coating on the bottom. To me, didn't mix well with cranberries.
Not worth it IMO. I think I'll make my own next time. The taste just wasn't there.
I like my normal brand better & this is higher priced. Nothing wrong at all with thus one though.
Love the product. I buy it for my office. Low rating only because of delay in delivery. Usually I can get this product within two business days. I ordered on the 10th and it is still not here and expected date could be up to the 28th. I'm already at two weeks. Definitely too long for this product.
it was eatable but wouldnt buy again
Salty. Don't like it.
Expected high quality, but disappointed, they had darkened, so were a little off, had deteriorated, not as fresh as they should be.
The jar is very small. Very expensive for the amount that you get. I bought it for a Christmas present. So I don't know how it tastes.
It has a funny taste, and isn't as sweet as the Lakanto liquid sweetener. It's okay in a pinch, but I use it with powdered pure monkfruit.
I have used this product for many years. I used to purchase it at the local grocery store and was very pleased. I ordered the last 2 times from Amazon. Each time the products were very hard and I had to take off the lid and break it down so I could shake it out of the cannister. The end result is that the product wasn't very moist. Unfortunately, I was disappointed.
They sent me the wrong flavor. I ordered Maple and I got Strawberry. I didn't send it back, as it wasn't worth the cost, but I will hesitate to purchase again.
I wish I had gotten classic instead of applewood smoked. It is a little too sweet and the flavor profile is vastly less versatile. I got it to add to pulled bbq jackfruit and really can't imagine using it for anything else besides bbq dishes. The sweetness of it also tastes a little synthetic so all around not too pleased.
Got some other spices in it... Cannot taste the peach at all...
This package arrived in the rain soaked and completely unusable. Much to my surprise, Amazon was kind enough to send a replacement order of this package. This was excellent customer service. Originally, I felt cheated but thank you Amazon.I am a lover of teas and greatly appreciate this!
Low sodium but still little salty for me.
this doesn't work for my tastebuds but maybe you will like it. I won't be buying it again. smells funny too.
I have been drinking this coffee for years and I love it. However the most recent case I opened does not taste the same. About every 4th cup looks like tea when it is done brewing. This is typically a very robust coffee. I am hoping my next case does not have the same issue.
Didn't know what to expect when I purchased this because I had never tried roasted seaweed snacks. Well I hated it! I could not get over the texture and taste! How do people eat this stuff and like it??? My son spit it right back out at me and I can't say I blame him!
I've bought from this company before and the nuts were great. This time, not so much. The flavor wasn't as good, and there are quite a few broken pieces. It would be nice if they used a plastic container or bag that is re-useable. I would not recommend this company.
Not worth the price even as an add on item.
Material is flimsy. Also you have to put it together. It's just okay...
I would not order these again. I appreciate the fact that they are high protein and vegan, but it has a weird taste or aftertaste that seems like strong alcohol or something similar. Just not good, and certainly not worth the price. I was hoping to find a delicious vegan alternative to Quest protein cookies, but this is not it. Good thing I'm only vegetarian. I may revisit these if they revise their ingredients and ditch the monk fruit extract because that's the only ingredient listed that I thought might cause that weird taste.
I think they give me a headache. That worries me. Also, is it bad to eat the feces of insects? They have cooked poop in their bodies. Must be good for us.
Good seasoning expired way too soon
Not enough cashews or walnuts. I will buy cashews separately from now on.
This item is tasty and nutritious, but each pack is small, only 5 oz a piece.
Good product but what was shipped to me was nearly two months beyond the CPI ration date
Good but WAY over priced. I will not likely purchase again
Very tasty. Small. My daughter who has allergies loved them. Great to throw in her lunch box. Unfortunately I only received one box when it said we would be receiving 21 cookies so it should have been 3 boxes. Even if the right amount was delivered I find them to be pricey. I would order again though if I could be guaranteed to receive the amount stated.
Love the product though the coating is a bit light on flavor, and the nuts were a bit softer than I would normally prefer.
Ordered medium roast. Probably should have ordered a stronger blend.
Product is exactly as stated. Flavor is bland. Cost is high for product amount.
It wasn't awful but tasted a little burned.
It is hard as a rock! I was going to use it for a 50's seniors sock hop. I put it in the sun for an hour, it softened up, but once out of the sun, it was hard within the hour.
Don't taste that good. I usually love all kinds of variety chocolate. I always send my husband back to store if he doesn't get me a box of candy for Valentine's Day. These tasted kind of old.
very acidic - sent my GERD off the charts. Good taste however, if you can tolerate acidic.
is ok. but not as tasty as my Danish black bread
The package was refused at the border and returned to sender. I am still waiting for my refund!
Not bad , but too much pepper. But if like me you have not choice is not bad..
Over $5.00 for S&H??? As a prime member I didn't see this gouge. Operator error I my part, but it will guarantee that I won't buy from this seller ever again.
Only 3 stars because haven't tried yet. Purchased for my son-in-law and older grandchildren. Haven't given it to them yet.
I ordered them raw but was a good value, would have been better had I got lightly roasted and salted.
coffee with strong aroma, comparing with Boker blend (same company)
Love the chocolate a little expensive though
These are hard as a rock very hard to chew teast ok.
Little too sweet for me
I tried Starbuck's brand, and because it got mixed reviews, I ordered this and Land O'Lakes brand. Well, I like the Starbuck's brand the best. I did a taste test drinking water in between. Starbuck's brand is darker, which means you can see more cocoa, and it has a nice blend of flavor. This is just buttery caramel, which as a personal preference is too sweet for me. I can't taste chocolate at all. Also, the Starbucks melts/blends much smoother. I put milk in the microwave for 90 seconds and then the mix in.
Bought two bags at the same time. The first bag was of poor quality and size. The second bag is much better
These were from the UK and smaller than the US brand I usually buy.
This jam tastes mostly of onions, not bourbon or bacon. I don't like it on its own, needs a burger or something to help it along. If you like onion jam, you will love it. But save your money and just buy onion jam.
Good fennel but tin very hard to open.
These have an odd sour flavor and aftertaste that makes them not good for snacking. I've also had nibs from two major chocolate makers and those have a deeper chocolate flavor and none of the "off" taste that these nibs have. I was hoping to save some money because these cost so much less per pound but no such luck. The Anthony's nibs do impart a good chocolate flavor to coffee, yogurt, or smoothies where the sourness is covered up so at least I have a way to make use of them.
Use two packets to make a cup of decent coffee.
love the coffee...but these, even though not expired ate hard, and hard for the machine to process
These taste very artificial. Would not buy again.
Only received 3 of the 4 pack. Paid for 4 pack
Flavor was just sort of ok. Probably would not order again. Great shipper!
need a little time to get used to the flavor
Bought two boxes of these cookies. One tasted good. The other is terrible tossed it out.
It wasn't too bad....just not my taste of strawberry. Too expensive for me.
It doesn't have any flavor or sweetness to it. I put it in coffee and couldn't taste any sweetness.
Product great but received smashed . Some cup been smashed and broken . If there're proper box and shipped product will be much secured . But unhappy with packaging.
I love vita coco and just coconut water in general but my package was damaged and one of my bottles was empty ! The box was open and one of the bottles was bust open
I brought this product because, I needed something without dairy in it, since dairy makes me break out. The flavor is not as tasty as whey products and has less protein. However, it's vegan and gluten free so that's a plus.
Too small, and one was broken because they didn't use the right package size
I've been on low-carb for almost a year and I've tried lots of ways to replace the breads and pastas that I love. This isn't it. I bought the variety pack to try different shapes for replacement, but I really don't like the texture. Rinsing the product well before using works fine and dry frying improves the taste and texture, but I still don't like it. It could be just me, though, because I have Aspergers and do sometimes run into problems with food textures.
Well corn starch is corn starch...BUT the packaging was not well done. The lid came ajar during the shipping process and there was white fine dust every where!!! It's good that I knew what was arriving, because otherwise might have been a scary package to open. All said and done 1/4 of the content was lost to the box interior.
it is a little high. strong favor.
I love the product, the shipping was super fast . And free. 6 of the cans were dented. 4 were still usable, two were so badly dented (you could lay your finger in it which is the rule) that I had to throw them out . Obviously this company is not reading the comments on Amazon about dented cans. I am not the only one. If you don't mind some dents (and I don't) then you are OK. But the shipping box was not well insulated. I do love the product and it is hard to get in my area.
I love the vanilla ones, but these were not what I was expecting. They also arrived smushed and crumbled, even though the packaging was in tact.
came compleatly melted
Good product, but containers not full. I have purchased singles from local retailers a no d product has lasted much longer.
they were real skinny but they sent 11
Is it a strong as I thought it was going to be it's flavorful but lacks the strength in coffee flavor
Tastes great, but expensive for these small tubs
looking for relief for back issue but did not work for me
I love Peet's Cafe Domingo coffee. It is a medium blend roast that is especially robust in the KCup form. I have tried many KCup coffees, but this one is probably the only one that doesn't taste like diluted water. I have ordered it many times from Amazon, but recently they got the order wrong and sent me the Dark Roast House Blend instead of Cafe Domingo. The dark roast, while good, is a touch bitter for me. Five stars for the coffee, three stars because the order wasn't fulfilled correctly.
Not to happy with after taste.
My wife was looking for this product everywhere. The price was kinda high though
I really wanted to love these. Unfortunately I'm not a fan of the texture I wish it was slightly more fluffy or moist. It's a little rough and dry. I gave them to my nieces and sister. Also they're pretty small. The box size is deceiving.
These taste great. Not chalky at all. Only issue is the price. If they were sold at 30$ I would by a case every 2 weeks.
I was really excited for this product to arrive especially bc I'm switching up my diet and I love my sweets. The product came in perfect condition and I love the packaging! The company even reached out to me to confirm my satisfaction with their product and gave me a coupon to use for the future. My only issue is that the taste is kinda bland and the cocoa isn't really present. Of course there's oil bc of it being natural but the taste doesn't wow me. Maybe if I cook with it but I even tried it on a sandwich and was not impressed : (
It's thinner than their pancake syrup. The strawberry and caramel are quite good tasting though, and I see myself buying them again. The chocolate not so much. It tasted like chemicals.
I have ordered the 40 pack a few times because we love them. However, I was disappointed this time. They were all dark inside and looked as if they had melted inside which changed the texture to quite a degree. The packing didn't look right--too tight which may have caused some of the breakage. These were ordered at Christmas time, so it was not hot weather!
It's easy to make but the taste of it is not that good. I guess it well do for something quick to fix and eat. I won't be buying anymore.
These are standard size papers labeled as large. It seems that If You Care doesn't care about misleading marketing.
Trick/treat candy, with some nourishment.
Low cost among compatible capsules but not as good as the original Nespresso capsule taste
tasted pretty good, dont feel much but theres definitely caffeine there
Not bad coffee but every single pod I have used has blown the top of it open and pushed coffee grinds out of it into my keurig. I have used other coffee pods with no issue to see if it's the machine but just seems to be these pods.
I was pleased that the expiration date was a year out, but was disappointed that every can was dented. Really, every can? The quality of the soup is fine, however.
Sanders chocolates are to die for, but if you buy them from here, they come all beat up. I ordered them as a gift, and had to apologize for their appearance. Packaging needs to be upgraded from a box where it rolls around freely to something that absorbs the impact from shipping.
I found that I prefer the flavor of the Raspberry Zinger by Celestial Seasonings. This tea Is better added to another tea though. The price was much better than the Celestial Seasonings tea.
Could use bigger saltier chips. Chocolate overwhelms the chips.
I love this brand of stevia, but it's nearly impossible to get the lids back on...doesn't line up at all.
It is a powder not really salt therefor it won't work for what I wanted to use it for. The taste is good.
Very dry and brittle
This is a good cranberry mustard, but more on the sweet side. My preference is for one that is more tart.
It's a great product but my order came as 3 giant clumps that are difficult to break apart.
Meh. I used it in place of salt in grits with an egg on top, thinking it would be the salt and add bacon flavor too. Neither happened. It's so low sodium that the dish was begging for more salt (and I am not a high-salt user), and I didn't notice any bacon flavor. Maybe if I mixed this half and half with salt, and then added bacon - oh wait, isn't that what this was supposed to do? Maybe I will try it again on something else, but so far, not impressed. Update. I used it on popcorn. It had an off flavor and was probably the least appealing bowl of popcorn I ever ate. Never trust anything that tries to be something else. This is a vegetarian invention trying to be bacon.
Great product but one bottle arrived broken, seller needs to mark outer box fragile.
I have yet to get on the Bai bandwagon. This was the third Bai flavor I've tried. For the price, I'd need to like these more than I do to buy them consistently. There's an aftertaste I get with these that makes me reluctant to keep trying. I'll admit that the mango flavor was the least undesirable of the Bai beverages I've tried.
While I like that it's much healthier than sugar, it doesn't dissolve in coffee or tea so won't work for my needs. Also the package says that since it's quite absorbent that you'd need to add extra liquids to any recipes but it doesn't seem to absorb milk in tea, so not sure why that is. Not very happy with the product.
Good but not great, not as sweet as I was hoping, especially for that price.
The initial flavor is great but it gets tasteless very quickly
This was great tasting, like others I've bought locally. They also arrived within the window of time they estimated. However, it took a month, as they are shipped from Japan; it's my fault for missing that bit of information. Also I believe there are only 12 bars in each bag, so it's a bit expensive; I believe that works out to 48 single bars for the 2 bags. However, if you do order, order only in winter as these will likely melt during the other seasons, and with how long they must travel.
not quite as tasty as the canned variety, black cherry, same producer, that I got at the same time. I liked those a lot better than these in the fancy jar. But, they are way good enough, and I sure wouldn't turn them down if they come my way again.
This cute little plant arrived in excellent condition but unfortunately it didn't survive. I was very disappointed because I thought it had great potential.
Product and listing was great for 4 bottles at a good price. But beware the 4 bottles are individually wrapped with bubble wrap that isn't sufficient to withstand shipping. See the blood!
They are ok,but if you can't get them in you're area just use banana peppers they're not worth $11.00 bucks! I don't know why amazon wants to rape their customers over sport peppers.
these are a bit more acidic to my taste, but still a good snack
No caramel pecan aroma when I opened the bag, none while brewing. Very little of the flavor plus a weird taste I've never tasted in any other kind of coffee. Won't be buying again.
Taste okay. The pods themselves tend to leak grounds in to coffeemaker. Will not repurchase.
THERE IS A LOT OF STUFF IN HERE WHICH i DO NOT LIKE.
I bought these because Big Brown talked about them on his podcast so I wanted to try them.. they're ok. However knowing how gummy candy is made, I can't really enjoy these.. or any other gummy candy for that matter Lol.
I bought 2 each boxes with 6 each boxes inside a total of 12 7oz boxes total. When they arrived 50% crackers in individual boxes were broken into pieces. It is a good product but they need to be packaged differently. Outside box was undamaged
We love these it's our second time ordering from here this time though two exploded so the box was soaking wet and everything is duper sticky
Product cost good. Product is ok. Shipping is expensive.
The flavor is great but this item is packaged terribly. I have gotten several that have leaked. There needs to be some kind of inner seal the plastic piece around the outside of the lid is not enough. I wouldn't recommend buying it unless this changes. You lose a fair amount of ghee and have a mesa on your hands purchasing it as is.
Its okay, not the best not the worst
well i'll be giving the rest away
I like this coffee especially the Cafe Domingo blend which is what I ordered and have on my subscribe and save order, however, I guess they just randomly decided to send me House Blend this time instead.
Bought it to share with coworkers. Half of us loved them and half weren't fans. You've got to try a handful to really decide.
Good for emergencies -If you don't buy milk regularly (or at all) but have a recipe that calls for milk.
I bought this because it was less expensive than the other two brands that we've been using for years. However, there is an obvious taste difference with this one. The best way to describe it is that the flavor isn't as rich; as flavorful, as the other brands. I like to add nutritional yeast to our food, not only for the nutrition, but also for the flavor that it adds. But this brand doesn't do it for me and the cheaper price tag isn't worth it, in my opinion.
This was a great idea but fell short of what I wanted and needed. Half and half is available in most places I travel and it tastes so much better. For countries that don't have half and half this will have to do.
Social Tea has changed over the years. It's too hard now and that nice creamy taste is gone.
This candy is advertised as having soft center, it does not. I just finished first of two bags and not one. Still gets three stars for pretty good coffee flavor.
The coffee is great but this is the second time I've ordered and several of the pods broke in transit leaving a big mess when opening the package. The box doesn't seem to ship well.
Wanted to love this as it checks all the boxes of what I am looking for in a Paleo friendly snack. Not very good and very expensive. Wish I could send it back.
Very good sauce, it tastes better than what it smells like. If it's available to you locally definitely get it, it's better than your average pizza sauce you would get at the supermarket. Not worth ordering as there are better options where I am, but again it's very good, just didn't blow me away.
I bought this to mix in protein drinks for some flavor and kick and it worked well for that purpose. However, when i drank some on its own I was disappointed with how it tasted: very run-of-the-mill.
I tried all 4 and they all smell absolutely wonderful but the smell does not transfer to the taste. I steeped the bags for all different amounts of time and it did not make a difference, very bland (the chocolate is better than the rest). Also, the tea bag material is so thin you have to be very careful when straining, they ALWAYS fall apart no matter how careful you are. A few of the strings tore away from the bags while steeping and the bags ripped open. Very frustrating. I won't order again. Disappointed.
You guys seriously sent me the wrong size. Pretty disappointed. I got 8 ounce jars when I should have had 16.
Nice colors but the pieces are just a little too small to provide the effect I was going for.
These dispensers are a convenient concept for frosting a few cupcakes or cakes-in-a-cup. The cost is much more than it would be to make the frosting yourself, but convenience has value too. And there is no waste. I was disappointed in the flavor of these cream cheese frosting packets. I didn't detect that characteristic tang of cream cheese, just a blah white frosting taste. Not even so much as a vanilla flavor was evident. I would reorder if the product had a tasty cream cheese flavor, but since it doesn't, I won't buy again.
I just tried it out, haven't know the different yet, I bought this base on the reviews, 2 bags seem a lot to me, I'm going to share it with my family members. I will keep you posted.
Works ok. The price is double what you pay at Walmart or Target though.
While I like the taste of the mint green tea, it is really overpriced. If you mistakenly hold the open packet for a second over the hot water, it sticks inside the packet. I will probably go back to tea bags unless the price goes down. It hasn't helped my stomach woes and more than other tummy teas.
The product is an awesome product that tastes fantastic but half of the cans came dented they need to repack their bags and boxes properly ☺️
Got the package and it was a little bit rip and kind of damage. Another else, still the item was not damage.
The quality of feeling is not very good.It tastes bad.
White sugar melted into cookies
It just wasn't my cup of tea.
although ghee tasted good ,I reduced stars to 3 because of packaging. First the container leaked all over everything else in the order and damaged the box. I had it replaced and the ghee leaked again on a smaller scale. I thought the lid damaged but it wasn't: when the ghee melts in shipping (when hot outside) the container leaks (not air tight). It should at least be placed in plastic bag for protection. I also found it confusing how to open lid--instructions would have been appreciated.
Red Vines are that special treat I remember having as a kid watching movies. I saw a great deal for this on Amazon, and had to purchase it. I have to say the value for the price (which was under 6 dollars) was incredible. I took off some stars because the pieces are not individually wrapped..and the vines were edible, but a tad stale. Still pleased with this purchase as it combines a guilty pleasure and my nostalgia!
I could have gotten single bags and mixed them myself and had 2x the amount for the price I payed. They were also melted since they were left on the porch all day before I got home.
Three of the 12 jars cherries were broken. There were shards of glass everywhere including on the remaining jars. I rinsed them off but couldn't get all the glass off. I ended up cutting myself twice. The order was also not here in the time frame that I had been given. Some of the recipes that I was making for christmas called for green cherries, so this was a disappointing experience.
Great taste but expected it to be a lot hotter. Da Bomb blows this out of the water. I add a couple tea spoons to my eggs which also have cayenne pepper over them and I handle it no problem.
Very strong vinegary flavor and not so much spice flavor. Also this is NOT sausage it is hot dogs
3 stars for being vegan 0 for taste.
Very disappointed in some of the bean pods. Several were very small and very brittle.
Coffee was not great but it wasn't bad either. Decent flavor and we enjoyed it but it isn't anything special to crow about.
I gave this three stars because of the shipping package. The sack of chocolate arrived in a box that was too large and just one “cold pack” which was no way near cold! In fact the “cold pack” was as warm as the candy in the bag. I had to put the sack of candy in the refrigerator to firm it up. It was very soft and stuck to the outside wrapping foil when a piece was unwrapped. It's warm here but certainly not hot yet. It's a joke that they advertise it coming with cold packs. I advise not to order this in the warm seasons only the cold season to eliminate the melting issues. The chocolate was delicious though after it firmed up in the frig.
Overall, I found this flavor OK. I expected/desired a stronger chocolate flavor and a lighter more spreadable consistency. It's consistency is thick and dense and has more of a date flavor than chocolate.
These were good, just did not like that they did not ship out on time.
Not a lot of flavor. Consistency is fair. Tied off at both ends of each stick. I probably won't order again.
I got it in the supermarket just for $15. Amazon is over priced. However the taste is really good.
These are great for a quick low carb meal. The cost at HEB is between $4 and $5 per box. Usually I like to buy from Amazon but the mark-up for Real Good products is too high.
I tried the chocolate latte flavor, based on the glowing reviews. These little drinks are super portable and do give quite the pick-me-up (read: caffeine buzz). However, they taste like mocha flavored cough medicine. Really. There is a pronounced, bitter aftertaste - I thought perhaps the first one I tried had gone bad. However, the next one I tried had the same issue. Looking closely at the ingredients, these contain baking soda . This would explain that gross aftertaste. I'm not sure if that's included as a preservative or what; regardless, it ruins the flavor. In order to get through a few very long days, I was able/willing to hold my nose and take my "coffee shot", but this is not something I enjoyed drinking. I gave three stars only because these do give a great jolt of energy.
Love love love these! Unfortunately they were very broken
OK, but crumbly and stale.
I think the caramel popcorn is much more flavorful than the cheddar popcorn. The cheddar is pretty weak...it's a mild cheddar. The bonus bag of snacks tasted like a salty baggie. It wasn't worth the calories. So, it made its way to the trash can really fast. That was a bummer.
Needs to be shipped in an insulated box. Sat in my hot metal mailbox. Sticky, but flavorful.
shipping way to costly-- great cheese but over-priced
Taste like a majority of supermarket brands, nothing great, not terrible though, just average
My son doesn't like it. Very little filling inside. The soap doesn't smell good
Product came heavily damaged .Product was not packaged correctly
The gumballs themselves are fine and it arrived quickly, but they were shipped in a bag instead of a box and half the gumballs arrived smashed. So only half will work in the gumball machine which is disappointing.
We got a big popcorn machine last year and have used Great Northern popcorn. We decided to try this since it was cheaper. Unfortunately it doesn't taste as good as the Great Northern; it tastes like microwave popcorn. The Great Northern popcorn tastes very close to what you'd get at Disneyland or Walt Disney World. (I know that might be a strange comparison, but if you love popcorn and have ever gotten popcorn at a Disney park, you know how yummy it is and that there's nothing exactly like it.)
The taste was very nasty
I opened the box and all 3 were covered in powder, I have a photo to show the bottom of one of the three is open and I cannot use it.
Taste good. Size very small in a super size world
Good taste but not enough in each bottle
Good price for single serve coffee. Not much Kona in this blend and it is weaker than I like it.
Product is great and arrived in a fast manner. Down side is container for product is damaged and I'm not able to utilize it. Suggest company package item better so damaged as seen in picture does not occur to other customers
Not the best tasting but it's nice to try something new.
Taste was ok but not great.
I use this product daily, and order it from Amazon... but this last bottle tastes very much like alcohol. I hope this is a one-off, as Sweet Leaf is best tasting Stevia out there! Am also concerned this may be yet another AMAZON COUNTERFEIT ?? Now must scrutinize EVERY purchase & seller meticulously, and only go w/ trusted sellers:( SAD.
The gummy looked great until closer inspection. It had several slits and broke apart. Won't buy again.
Way, way, wayyyyyy too sweet. I would only recommend if you love you sugar with coffee, as opposed to coffee with sugar.
extremely runny but has good flavor.
I found it to be too sweet for my tastes, but many would like it, I'm sure. It has solid flavors.
The box came beat up and ripped as if it were thrown into the shipping box
This is a much smaller packet than normal, about half the size of the regular. I was not satisfied, however Amazon made it right immediately, as soon as I contacted them. No complaint there
Got earlier than expected, which is great! BUT packaging was pretty bad. The size was fine, but I have got a pot with two small plants instead of a larger one AND FUNGUS GNATS! These little thing are everywhere now, and I m trying to understand how to get rid of them. Till yesterday there were none, today those things are in my apartment.
I think the Stevia in these gives me gas. Seems to be okay if I just eat half a bar. Not super excited about these. Kind of a dry texture...
I ordered this to save a few dollars compared to my usual brand. Unfortunately it just tasted like salt; the truffle flavor is barely there. I won't buy it again.
Like the flavor; different from other mustards; I think it's supposed to be mustard.
This is a good product, nothing special. I found that the kernels didn't pop as big as some of the store brands I've had in the past. Taste was fine. Popping time average.
The recipe changed so they're not at all like they used to be but they did bring back a great memory from my early childhood.
I drink this all the time and this batch seems like it is diluted. not the usual flavor maybe the coffee is old
You can find this item for the same price or about .20 cents more in the supermarket
The flavor was not what I expected and the product cost to much
This is an interesting selection of various coffees--but only 2 were decaf and there are several teas and a couple of cocoas included as well. We enjoyed the Chai Lattes, but not the other "regular" teas. Flavor quality is hit or miss as the quality of the coffees/teas included varies significantly. This was a good way to sort out what we'd want to purchase going forward, and which brands/types we'd want to avoid. Presentation wasn't good--cups come jumbled up in a cardboard box, however, this didn't affect the integrity/usability of the product.
This used to be one of my favorites, but they now add sucralose (for no earthly reason) and it has a poor after taste. My inner child is a bit sad. This is not a diet drink.
Not stated in description that you have to assemble... very time consuming.
The product was delivered late and once received the bottle had been leaking.
This pasta is pretty good. The taste and texture are a bit different from traditional wheat pastas, but are better than some other brands of non-wheat pasta I have tried. However, each box is quite expensive and is only half full. I'm not planning to reorder.
I've been trying to expose my kids to different cultures and this was one they didn't enjoy.
The only reason I don't give it five stars is that I had the distinct impression I could throw a packet in a bottle and have a cold brew iced tea. When I received I looked at the instructions and the tea required hot water. It's good, however, but not what I bought it for: was traveling and wanted fast cold brew.
I ordered these because I thought that they were the same as the ones I had in CAVE RESTAURANT. I even asked the manager and he said that the ones they used were Black Beluga Lentils from Montana so I ordered these. They are not at all the same. Not bad but not the same as the ones from the restaurant. Their's were BLACK when cooked and Larger. They are tiny and cook up sort of Grey.
Melted, but that was expected for Florida heat. Couple hours in the freezer and it looked crazy but tasted good:)
My family and I love these. When I received these, I was wondering why they were in baggies, and not packaged like the picture on Amazon. It looked like they were opened and they put them in the baggies to sell them. Oh well, I am not sure that I will order these again.
Not as strong/bold as I like; however, as a medium roast it really isn't supposed too.
These are good but kind of have an iron taste to them. If that will bother you then these are not for you.
The powder clumps up even with hot water and vigorously whisking with either a bamboo whisk or a metal whisk. Clumpier than other brands I have tried.
It doesn't really taste like ketchup. It tastes more like mild BBQ sauce. It has the consistency of applesauce so it doesn't stick to fries well either. I am allergic to tomatoes (developed later in life) and so was really hoping this would supply what I was missing. It doesn't. I have found good recipes on line using cranberry sauce and pears that tastes much closer to the real thing. Apparently, I will need to keep making my own.
Delivered on time but directions were written in German.
Maybe it improperly stored but I was kind of disappointed that the product was not fresh despite being 4 months away from the expiry date. They were kind of firm like they were drying out, and the chocolate chips were turning white. I also wish that the chocolate chip coverage was more generous; some pieces had no chocolate at all. They are a bit pricey for marshmallows too. Overall, I like them; it's just that this particular batch was disappointing.
You might as well just dump this stuff out and replace it with some apple cider vinegar. It doesn't work as well and dries up fast. It will still kill a few here and there but not as fast as the apple cider vinegar on its own. Save your money and get the large bottle at the store and you'll be fine.
These are good and good for you but I find the taste a little too intense
Mayo too runny for my liking. It does have a good flavor
Love the candies and I REALLY liked that they were fresh & well kept dry because they unwrapped easily & the wrapper wasn't stuck to the candy or hard to remove. What was upsetting is that there were quite a few candies that were watermelon instead of cherry. Watermelon is prob my least favorite flavor of candy 😞. I ordered cherry & paid more than the mixed flavors because I specifically wanted CHERRY! Messaging the seller to see if they will do something to make it right.
So far a little disappointing some of the meat tastes a little off or rancid. Difficult to cut thin, seems to be getting better as I move up the piece. A bit too salty, I run into a good piece every once in awhile where it's nice and tender but mostly a bit tough and chewy I even bought a special knife to cut it, didn't help. Will probably try a different brand next time.
They all taste pretty good and have pretty good results, but I never received the 6.99 credit I was promised and it's been two weeks.
From now on, I'll stick with the original. This one was filling but did not agree with my taste buds.
I think Ray's Country Ham, also sold on Amazon, is better because it is even more tasty, more tender, and cooks up less dry with fresh coffee seasoning and heat control.
These say right on the package that it contains 'Brazil Nuts' and that was the main reason I ordered 3 cans! I've opened one and I haven't decided if I'm going to send the others back or not. Just really disappointed that they were misrepresented.
Nuts are so small and dry.
Not as tasty as RX bars
They were good but not something I'd purchase often
It's a very weak dark roast. It's more like a medium dark. It doesn't have a great aroma. For the price I paid, I don't feel like it's a great value. Perhaps I received a bad batch but won't risk ordering again.
Received this today, and while I can't speak to the authenticity of the product, the bottle appears to have been re-labeled. It arrived in the little N-M box, with the insert, however the N-M label was slightly askew, with glue adhered to the bottle above and below this N-M label. Smells like vanilla, looks like vanilla, but is it Nielsen-Massey Madagascar Bourbon Pure Vanilla Extract? Idk... So, going with three stars atm, I'll update when I use it tomorrow.
Didn't know what to expect. Decent taste. Price is high compared to what you get.
It's, ok. For, when you're in a pinch. I prefer another brand. Sorry, couldn't say more.
very tasty, but overpriced for what you receive/
Lacking flavor. It's honestly about what I'd think cardboard would taste like. I would not of bought these had I know this.
Candy color was a yucky dark green and not the light green color as seen in the photo.
I love the variety of flavors in this pack but the chocolate seems "old" looking. It's a whitish color instead of the rich chocolate color it should be. They taste ok but not sure how long they have been sitting on a shelf...
The tea isn't bad, it's just not great. I've had much better tea in the past but it's not so bad that I won't drink it. It is that actual middle of the road, kinda bland tea.
A little dry but good flavor
Way heavy on the almonds and not a Brazil nut to be found
Boxes arrived in a timely manner. There was no cool packs as advertised. One of the two boxes ordered was short the advertised amount.
I love how easy it was to order and pick the same flavor- the price is amazing IF it would have actually came in a pack of 12, however, I only got 6 packages of 6. The only reason I didn't give it 5 starts was because I got half the order for the price of the full order.
Doesn't have a strong taste
It tastes fine, but is it supposed to be half full? The packaging is deceiving. It's disappointing to open it up and it appear to be half empty.
Not much in the way of flavour or aroma but good value
From the description I expected finger food for snacking not a small $7 bag of cereal. Taste is OK not exceptional. Won't buy again but will enjoy what I have.
Bought these for my husband perfect size but he says they get hard and loose flavor fast
jar arrived broken ordered another one and it leaked in the package
I love this gum its awesome the taste and texture but this seller must have stored it wrong. the gum got to me hard as a rock and though it does soften after chewing doesn't last as long before getting that tough gummy texture.
This piece is very pretty, and is cut well so it doesn't look poorly made. It is however extremely thin which makes it look cheap. It is a bit disappointing. It will still look lovely on my cake, I just wish it was a little thicker so it didn't look so flimsy.
I didn't like the consistency
Arrived on time Jars broken
The cost was pricey after shipping was added.
They're ok. They have the texture of like a vitamin gummy. Which I didn't like too much. A little firmer than regular candy gummies The flavor is ok
Be careful, there maybe some sand in the bag,
The way the chips were packaged cause them to come have deflated bags and crushed chips. Poorly packaged very disappointed
Has a kind of coffee flavor. Just be careful adding it to hot water. Moisture curls it up in the packet. Might be better putting it in cup and pouring hot water in. A bit of a different taste but that could be the chicory or dandelion. Familiar somehow but I can't place it.
I enjoy the coffee when the pods work right. The problem is that five to eight percent of the pods are defective and I end up with a lot of coffee grounds in the mug, also the coffee maker has to be cleaned of the grounds that are scattered all over. It doesn't help that the pod on the advertisement shows a defective pod.
I bought this for my wife and I won't do it again. Like most teas this one has a really soft flavor . My wife use several bags each time and she is even mixing this one with another that she likes better
One bag arrived open in the box with half the contents outside the bag. The box was not taped fully closed.
I've received these twice and when I inboxed them there was melted ice bags and melted and chocolate sealing from the packaging
It's not very spicy contrary to what the label says. The noodles are pretty good, the chicken flavor tastes slightly artificial.
A really good flavored infused olive oil, but spicy it is not.
I've ordered these before but this time the cookies are very dry, crumbly, and seem darker than usual (maybe over cooked?) so I'm sorry I ordered such a large tin.
Did not like the bits of coconut pieces in the pudding. I wish they would put that in the description because not everyone likes that texture and it would be helpful to know exactly what you're purchasing. Taste is as expected.
Not the best but gets the job done
The Ding Dongs couldn't even be removed from their wrappers they were pulverized.
The first spice from this company I did not like. The main ingredient is cayenne and that is not chili. Try a good New Mexico red chili and you will know the difference.
Tastes good, but needs to be stirred very well in order to spread on anything otherwise very runny.
Bought this product to use as a nourishing hair cleanser. Mixed the powder with hot water and with plenty of stirring, this powder never fully dissolved. After a thorough rinsing, I still could not get all the powder out, it was like trying to rinse out sand. On a bright note my hair was noticeably shinier and softer, but next time I look for a finer powder.
I didn't know it would smell. Other products don't have the coconut smell. My fault for not researching more.
I tried to trick myself several times, but ended up throwing it out because it just doesn't taste like salt. There is a mear resemblance. It's like when you expect red but get pink
Super yummy, make a good sweet snack. Used to buy these at Costco and they were "prettier", a nice color of orange. Costco doesn't sell them any more and the ones I recently received are kind of a tan-ish color. Less appetizing but they still taste good.
Great taste but we ordered it for our kids lunches. Too bad it has an expiration date. Would reorder smaller amount.
Nice aroma but a bit too fruity for my taste. Very fragrant.
Very...very hard. Not a big fan. Nice heat to them.
Home made Kombucha tastes much better
So far I use this product in my morning coffee. Not as sweet as they advertise. I have to use at least 3-4 packs to even taste it.
This was a gift to a friend who had read about how exceptional these crackers were. And, when I visited and tasted them they were! However, there were not but a few cracker in the bags that were whole. Most of the bag were pieces of crackers. On flavor I would give this a 5 star, on presentation and packaging I would give it 1star or less. Paying $7 for a small bag of crackers, I was expecting them to be party ready.
I have written this review before, but the packaging is not enough for these fragile pods. At upward to one dollar each, wasting even one of them is a shame, as many as were badly damaged in this shipment is just wrong
Didn't care for this too much all I taste is a bunch of herbs no lemon or anything. However, I've been using it in various things to add extra herb flavoring. My order was mailed to me pretty fast. I'll try some of the other seasonings soon.
Mellow, good flavor but weaker than I'd hoped.
I didn't go the "normal" route and make it into a donut. I got creative and used Astra shop 3-Inch Mini Cake Baking Pans to make the cake and filled it with creme brulee and then topped with spiced apples and caramel. The donut mix was a great add instead of just regular cake mix.
It's tasty, but nothing really special for the price vs box mix at store. We used warmed up 2% milk.
My 14 month old loves these, however I noticed the bowls are a #7 plastic which contains BPA. If you're BPA conscious, you should avoid this food.
You get a lot of candy for the price, but be warned the candy is stale (e.g. the chewy candies are tough and difficult to chew) and is often stuck together.
While I wouldn't say I dislike the sauce, there is much to be desired in flavor and heat level. With a heat rating of 4/5, i would expect that I wouldn't be able to drink the stuff, but this is a relatively tame one. What caught my attention and made me try it was the blueberry...just something different than the regular ol' hot sauce. I think b/c vinegar is the 2nd ingredient, it completely masks the flavor of the blueberry. And I love the fact that this is a simple sauce made with only 5 ingredients, but just wished it lived up to what I thought it could have been before trying it.
It is so hard ... real white rabbit is soft
Not what we thought it would be..size perfect... Taste amd cooking process not so great
I've been gluten free for 10 years due to Celiac and have tried many, many GF products. These have a nice nut/peanut butter coating. The inside is a chocolate protein bar, but it tastes more like protein bar than chocolate. I hoped these would be a satisfying chocolate bite, but they're not. There are not that many in the package, and I feel like the price is high, however it's probably comparable to other gluten free snacks.
I'm sorry 6/6 jars did not arrive intact, but only 4/6
Chocolate seemed a little old, did not melt well
Good taste and texture. A bit sweet for me. I was looking for a more smokey flavor like I experienced on trips to Europe. Did have a nice spicy flavor.
Dries out quickly, but delicious and good color.
For me is best for cooking if you want to throw in a smoothie go right ahead it has a kill smell to it very strong and I've been using it since I got it a week ago Larry priest I will try with some pineapple and maybe a beat and see how it goes but I recommended for cooking you can go wrong with this product if you spring it on your your vegetables when you stir fry it with it but I love it it's very tasty and makes your food a little bit more unique in taste very colorful baby vibrant I like it and since this is the first time I'm buying this product I really think I would buy it again
Not what I expected it to be. Too much dry herbs flavored and a little on the sweet side for me. The original recipe is much better.
it's not bad. Very sweet...serving size 2 tsp...don't do it...use 1/2 to 1 tsp instead and it's perfect. I wasn't able to drink my entire cup of coffee with the 2 tsp.
I liked this brand better when they used the coffee filter type of capsule cups, because I don't care for plastic cups for making coffee. Therefore, I switched to another brand after I received a box of these made with plastic.
It's okay ... not really hot or spicey so if you want a little "flavor" this is good.
Unfortunately, my bag arrived with a large hole in it, so I'm not really sure how stale it is or if it tastes correct, etc. It does brew into a nice color, though.
Love the snack but both times when ordered, it's a small bag for the price but also a lot of broken pieces , means a lot of crumbs.
I ordered these as Christmas gifts. They came well-packaged, but many of the leaves were broken at the tips. I'm not sure if it happened in transit or during the packaging process. One was so beat up, that I decided not to give it away. I did like the variety, and several of the plants had pups that could have been separated, which is neat. I'm not wholly disappointed, but I could have gotten larger, undamaged plants at my local nursery for a lower price.
Arrived on time but the wrong flavor was shipped. Disappointed
My high hopes were dashed with the mat for dry kibble and treats. Due to the fact that the mat depth/ridges are far too shallow, they did not hold the cat kibble in place in order to provide any kind of a challenge for slowing down eating. I also tried some very tiny treat gravel and my cat was able to eat the kibbles d directly with no challenge at all. Her main diet is Science Diet Hairball formula kibble.. I did not try out the "wet" food mat. The home-made food that I cook-up is not fine like pate. My animals prefer a more robust food with texture to it.My cat is very small for an adult cat, only 81/2 pounds, as well. I feel that I should be given a FULL refund! The designers of these mats need to modify with a much deeper profile in order to match up with the recommendations.
Interesting flavor. I personally like the maple syrup version much better. Still not bad but not more than 3 stars worth.
They were crisp and definitely fresh. I love freeze dried fruits for snacking but..... These are Not ideal for snacking.... super super tart!
I know this peanut butter delicious, however I wasn't pleased to cut my finger on this oily mess. I don't think I'll be ordering this again.
It tasted different from the usual purchase from cvs and walgreen but I ate it anyway. lol
I had been looking for these for a long time. Shipping caused so much to disintegrate that there was about a cup and a half of powder in jar.
I like this product, but when it arrived it had melted and solidified into a big solid chunk. I'm not sure the best way to chip it back into pieces.
It's ok not really liking it too much not awful, how ever I thought it would be better a little disappointed
this brand is not as good as others, but still tastes good.
Love the chia seeds, didn't appreciate the hole in the bag due to poor packing. This product was packed with another item with sharp corners
A little too vinegary for my taste. The stevia is very noticeable and the packets are too big.
The flavoring used is obviously fruit alcohol.. and you get a very funky taste left in your mouth after eating.. the smell is awesome but I really buy these to eat them... LOL
The package was broken when it arrived. It may have happened during shipping. This is the first time I tasted goji berries so I'm not sure if mines are to dried out because of the package or it that's the way they are suppose to be. I do like the flavor of the berries that are a bit softer.
This tastes like instant coffee and hot cocoa mix mixed together. I don't understand the hype. I was so exited for this... It was easy to use. Because it's for a kureg
Disappointed....Different size than Delta Airline ones. These are tiny bites and tiny packages of two individual cookies inside. Not a fan of little bit sizes. Do not expect them like the airline ones. Will not order again.
Several era candies in the assortment.
The package arrived with a hole in the product packaging and xanthan gum was coating the outside of the package. Is the product still useable?
I like them but to many of the same flavor
Not satisfying, but was okay. Kinda "meh"
The taffy seems to be of high quality but they didn't send me the flavors I ordered. Send two pounds of an orange flavor I didn't order and only sent a few pieces of vanilla that I did order. I expected to have one pound of each flavor but that's evidently not the way it works.
I am only giving this product 3 stars because these pecans are usually absolutely delicious. Otherwise I would be giving them one star. They are usually fresh, with the right amount of crunch, and just the right amount of sea salt. However, the last batch I received (I ordered two bags) was certainly not up to par with the quality I have come to expect from this seller. The pecans were very stale, almost chewy, and there was hardly any salt at all (maybe a slight dusting on the pecans at the bottom of the bag). I sincerely hope that this was just a bad batch, and that they will resume selling high-quality pecans. I also hope they will establish better quality control!
This was just average. I got The mocha flavor. It was okay. Was hoping for a bit more robust flavor. If I order again I will try the straight coffee.
Took a week to get. Contacted seller about it! Basically, got oh well.
Problem with packaging
The first one we bought was amazon. The second one was melted. A complete mess.
did not receive the first package, ordered on 12/19. just received the replacement.
For years I've been purchasing Jasmine Dragon Phoenix Pearl tea from The Coffee Bean & Tea. It's very good quality tea with a wonderful jasmine aroma. However, when drinking multiple cups a day it can get quite pricey. That's why I tried Harney & Sons Dragon Pearl tea due to the good reviews and significantly lower price. Overall it's a good product and the tea is quite nice but it simply doesn't compare to the quality and aroma of the tea from The Coffee Bean. Once I finish this pack of tea I'll go back to the other brand.
Came a little torn on the writing. The m and the o..but still looks cute.
it is good as I have had it before. This time it came melted. They did credit us for the chocolates when reported
the coffee itself is decent, but there is no real cinnamon flavor to it.
I loved that I could find what I needed at a great price. It looked so cute on the cake! The only downside was that the ear had a gouge in it, and the gold pant rubbed off on my hands as I was placing it in the cake. It wasn't a lot, but it was just enough to be annoying.
Unique snacks! Definitely worth a try. Only downside is the price. These small candies count as an individual items, so the value isn't as good as i hoped.
The muffins were molded but the sender provided a full refund. Their other products were excellent.
These are OK. Not sure what they mean by double dark chocolate as each container has about 5 or 6 tiny chocolate chips in them. Because of that, they taste kind of dry. However, they cook surprisingly well in the microwave and the convenience is nice. Packing is not conducive to shipping. About half of the containers were crushed. They should be stacked lid to lid not with a tapered base pushing into the lid of the bottom cup. Most of them maintained a seal but one of them leaked in the box. Disappointing.
It tastes good but it's runny. More like a chocolate drink than a spread. I wont by it again unless they make it more spreadable.
These aren't bad. For a zero net carb bagel they are pretty decent. Toast them and add cream cheese and you can't tell too much the difference. They do have more of a stale taste/texture to them than normal bagels. And for six, they are certainly a bit priced then normal bagels, but they are a good way to indulge and not break a diet if you have a bread craving!
The packs of gum have pieces missing. Did not know I was ordering used gum. The 8 packs came in a ziploc bag and when I opened one pack, there's a piece of gum missing. Do not feel safe eating used packs of gum.
This order looks like knock-offs of Tim Horton's K-cups. I wonder where they came from.
I ordered this product in December for my daughter during final exams. The pretzels were packaged I Halloween bags so obviously the company was getting rid of their older products. This is not a problem except the expiration date on the bags had already expired. There were also their products that expired the week before I ordered the box. The variety of items was perfect! Please be aware to check your expiration dates prior to packing your items!
Has a good red licorice taste, but I've gotten it 3 times and it NEVER comes looking like the swirled pic. that is shown. I ASK that you change the picture to what really arrives which is a solid color taffy. It doesn't change the flavor which I like, but in a way it is false advertising, because you are NOT getting what is shown in the photo... especially if you're expecting to use it for a party theme!
Tastes great but too expensive. Wish cheaper.
Its an ok chili but not near as good as I had hoped - a bit bland - not spicy at all
didn't like the texture.
Nice flavor, but my tin was not full even though it as properly sealed.
Disappointed- My order did NOT come with the shaker bottle...Product has great taste though
customers complained of too hard to eat
The coffee is actually pretty good, I'm only giving 3 stars because several of the pods I used caused a lot of grounds in my coffee cup.
shipping is so slow and there is better salt that delivers faster with the same price. requested a cancellation but didn't get feedback.
The 5-hour green tea does give that instant burst of energy that I have grown accustomed to with the regular 5-hour energy drinks, however, I feel that the energy burst was not as strong nor did it last as long as the regular 5-hour energy product.
It's good and very different to traditional mustards. Glad I tried it out.
Don't drink it warm. It has a super high alkaline level so very gritty outta the can at room temp
Very sweet, wax gets stuck in your teeth but overall good quality.
*** attention seller : I'm not sure how to rate this. I made a video of my unboxing this product for my YouTube channel . In the process I noticed a cut in one of the packs so that one spilt and kind of made the whole thing smell like that flavor . The box was also partially opened even though it was wrapped in plastic . All the other packets were fine though and I haven't had a problem besides what I just mentioned . ( I will amend this three star review later but it won't let me post without some stars )
I liked this but I think I was allergic.
I love peach rings and I was so excited to get these. Unfortunately they are pretty tough but the flavor is okay.
Good value. The candy didn't taste the freshest but it wasn't bad by any means.
The coffee is good; nothing to right home about, but it should up quickly and on spot as you would expect from Amazon.
Was not real happy with the product I thought it was like real jerky where you pull it apart but this is almost like compressed together or something was not what I thought it was
This item worked great except the rapper for pushing product into pill more was to skinny. I asked for a refund and they sent one with o.j n days!
Decent taste but expensive for what it is.
This is how I received my package. Bag has busted and I don't feel comfortable eating this
I bought this presentation because it looked like it must be very easy. But the container doesn't work as well. as I thought it would. Zing, however, is my favorite Stevia product.
In the words of my husband, “ they should renamed these , Dang! They're Awful!”. I knew these probably wouldn't be that great , but I mean they're disgusting (to us anyway, to each his own). We tried each flavor , trying little pieces and each bite became worse and worse. We just threw the box out.
Love this candy, but they lost my package and I STILL do not have it!
This product is ruined by the monk fruit sweetener. Tastes like sweet n low.
The product arrived past its best before date. The biscuits were chewy instead of crisp. Edible but not fresh. Disappointed!
Was not what I thought I ordered. The listing said one thing but the product was more of an all in one product and not just plain egg white powder. I am not sure if I will use it but hopefully some recipes will be okay with the added ingredients this has in it.
It was ok missing the citrus.
Mostly tastes like sugar.
Not much in pkg. for what they cost. Taste fine.
Delicious, but bags not as big as expected (exactly the same as the grocery store) cost more than most grocery stores near me, but still delicious.
Tea was so good just a little too pricey to order again. It didn't last long
The description says Intensity Level 6, Package says 4..
I bought several different low carb bars and this brand was my least favorite one. It is rough, dry and the flavors (especially the lemon) were very artificial. Sorry...
This tastes like a light weight small block of crunchy sugary something that instantly melts into layered papery substance finishing with a hint of tangerine-like essence.
Xanthan Gum works okay but not crazy about the packaging. If hard to get measuring spoons into and if you pour it out it all comes out at once and makes a mess and the zip seal clogs up and won't close rite. So put it in a jar.
Love these. The problem is in the packaging. The first time I bought them, I received a refund because about half of the bites had been reduced to crumbs. This time, I ordered only the Aussie bites hoping th packaging would be better. Well, less crumbs this time but still to many. (We have used the crumbs on our yogurt, but that's not the we we prefer to enjoy these.) These are cheaper at Costco but I do not have a Costco near me so I hoped to get them from Amazon. I will NOT purchase these from here again.
Not as strong as I had hoped.
Cute but didnt work well for jungle juice.
My product came in a plain box instead of the company's product box. I checked how many is suppose to come (which is 24) but it has only 23 bottles. The 4th picture shows to the left (original box the product is suppose to come in. I bought that box of 24 from a local supermarket that no longer sells it.) The box on the right, is how it was delivered from UPS United Parcel Service. I didn't know UPS drivers are thieves! And that Amazon doesn't carry the product in the companies product boxes! I'm highly dissatisfied and will complain to the directors of the delievery system and to Amazon board of Directors! The compamy Formula Four Waters will also get my complaint.
I had bought this item before and it came with the rocks for the little jars as well. This time it did not. A quick run to the dollar store made it work, but it was a hassle to not have them included...
good tasting, healthy
I use this on body butter recipe. But it is gritty. Makes the body butter gritty at times.
Wanted to try not bad maybe a preferred taste to some.
Fun to relive childhood in this way but it wasn't very fresh tasting.
I Can't Really write a proper review because I was sent the wrong version protein then what I ordered And not able to return :(
The product has helped my gastritis significantly. However, the loose tea could be cleaner. Some of the pieces of plant looked brownish and as I was adding some to a small pot of boiling water I noticed there was something that went straight down the pot. I pulled it out and noticed it was a small rock. I also found a small feather. Not cool at all. Since the tea did not seem as clean as I thought from then on I check the herbal pieces that I use carefully and boil the herbs in the water for a bit more before I drink the tea. Once I finish it off I will move on to tea bags and not use this loose tea brand. Otherwise I would have given it 5 stars.
but the regular roast of both brand were absolutely fantastic.
I've ordered these candies from this company before and they were so delicious that I practically ate the entire 2lb package myself! This new order is SO different! The candy's wrapper's are different, the order took a long time to be mailed out, and then when I finally received them they're awful -- they're overly sweet and are so hard (stale) that I can barely bite into them! I also think these were made with regular white sugar and not with honey as they are advertised as. I can totally tell the difference! Guess I won't be buying these again :(
For the price at the time, less than $4 a bag, it was a good buy for the small amount of jerky. Now that the price has increased, not worth it. Literally 4-5 bites and it's gone. Does it taste great? Yes. But now the higher price vs amount...just isn't worth it.
These look realistic, but I ate 3 and they were all black licorice flavor... I was hoping to get another flavor
Came in nice alot came in crumbly taste a bit weird but they sell
Not much of a taste to them
I bought a previous one that needed replacing so I decided to try this one. It seems great and pretty good quality. Only thing... the mesh basket must have a little bit bigger sizing than my old one because the fine grounds come through into my coffee every time. I switched back to make sure and my old one doesn't do that.
Ok Fennel has too many stems Overall ok
I was scared to drink because of recalls
Too soft feel apart. didnt like the flavor or texture
You can see vanilla seeds but it doesn't have much flavor, I have to add a liquid one to it
Product is good. good replacement to pastas and cooks easily. I had more than enough and my auto renew, I thought I canceled, was sent. Went through the return process and shipped this product along with another miracle noodle company product back and only got credit for the other. I sent them in the same box, like i received them, and put the printed out postage for one on the outside of the box, with the other on the inside. So this could be my fault for not sending two packages. Assumptions can be ignorant, figured same box was sent same could be returned. 3 of 5 for good product not the best overall transaction.
Best bouillon but one was bad when I opened it up and I had to throw it out.
It's ok, not the greatest, but certainly not the worst. I found its kind of thin and needs some added creaminess
The popcorn was okay. Unfortunately, there were many unpopped kernals and some of those that were popped, were not as fluffy as I had expected for expensive mushroom popcorn. I have had other brands that are better.
Decent coffee smell and taste. But not as flavorful as I was hoping
Product is as explained but late to arrive, some sugar spilled in package and realized you can get cheaper at the grocery store.
there was a hole at top of bag and puffed cinammon out the bag during shipping. after opening the bag i found i could not re-seal the bag with the zipper found on the bag so i had to seal bag with clip
I was pretty surprised when I received this I know it was supposed to be 50 items I don't consider Jolly Rancher and some of these other little bitty bite size treat a treat and these were for my homeless friends and I thought I was getting bigger packages of everything. Definitely not worth what I spent I would have done much better buying these from Sam's or Costco.
I liked it the first few times, but the more I drink it, the more pungent and bitter the taste becomes. Good for the office or every once in a while... Not every morning cup of Joe.
Great for egg stuffers.
I wouldn't have ordered if I had known they were cups and not individual ramen packets. :(
Tasty, doesn't compare to Gevalia.
I ordered these dates because they were described as jumbo. They aren't. They are a little bit larger than regular dates, but not very much. They tasted good, but not particularly better than any other dates I have had.
Doesn't taste right. Can't find this flavor in my local store any more.
Not how I envisioned. I guess I thought they would be sorted by flavor and packaged differently....not just thrown in a box willy-nilly. Luckily none had burst.
Too small, pots unsuitable for leaving the plants in (and watering them) even for a week or so, and my plants came damaged.
Like the buttery flavor of these crackers; however, they were poorly packaged for shipment to the USA and came largely broken up. Did not affect the flavor. I will continue to buy them in Spain, just will not have them shipped to the USA.
One bottle was broken
I purchased looking for stevia for my iced tea. Price was good, but i am not impressed with the product. I tried putting it in the bottom of my glass, then added ice & tea, as well as putting it in last and trying to stir it in. It does not mix in! Product clumps up - and you suck it up in your straw - gag!
Have used this in the past and always liked the flavor and convenience. Now that trans fats matter in our diet, I didn't think about checking the label before ordering. Can't in good conscience use this product while trying to eat healthy otherwise.
I like the service with this company...fast and efficient. The candy is no all that good. The strawberry flavored ones of this same type are DELICIOUS, but the cherry flavored ones, I won't be ordering again
Tastes great for a keto option, but arrived damaged and leaking despite the very thorough packaging.
I love these crackers. They sell them at a local seafood market and I was so excited when I discovered they were sold on Amazon. However, the packaging is terrible! The crackers were put into a plastic bag and then into a soft sided envelope. Needless to say, I now have delicious cracker crumbs instead of delicious crackers. Put these beauties in a box with some packing material for goodness sake!
Even at the smallest cup setting I was disappointed in the intensity of the flavor.
Good product if it didn't come with a leaky bottle. You'd think they'd do something about that, especially with all of the negative comments. It surely impacts the rating.
Out of longing for some cheese popcorn, we ordered this online - MEH.... Maybe it was just knowing how darned good it is at the store, but this was on the stale side and was just okay.
It's okay but it suppose to be refrigerated. So when it's cold it doesn't pour. Becomes useless in that particular bottle. My recommendation is to pour it all into a large mason jar so you can spoon it out.
I love this tea and buy frequently - however 3+ tea bags in this shipment already (only on box #1) are split when I open the cellophane to use the tea bag! Very frustrating as I have to throw it away, I don't have a filter. Mighty Leaf quality control seems to have deteriorated :(
Well... it's not spicey. Not even a little bit. The tobasco in my cabinet is quite a bit hotter than these pods but they do have decent flavor.
Taste is okay, seems a little stale.
I love the pods but the coffee doesn't have much flavor
I was excited to try this cocoa powder but was really disappointed with the end result. I make homemade chocolates and had been using Hershey's cocoa powder, but wanted something "healthier." As other reviewers have noted, this powder has a less appealing flavor and doesn't taste as good as Hershey's. That said, everyone has a different palate so it might appeal to some, but I have a feeling you'll be disappointed like I was.
It was ok, but for me too spicy, and the cheese turns the dish from too hot to lukewarm
I would say I only liked about half of the cups. I wont be buying again. You are better off buying a flavored creamer.
I found that around 20% of the nuts tasted somewhat rancid.
Package arrived Late...
Our kid does not like the taste. We can only use it in shake not as chocolate milk replacement
As I said...the bag the candy was in tore.
Not strong enough for me!
Smallest cereal box I have ever seen.
Good noodles, but about 4xs the price we found them for in an oriental market in the Bay Area.
These are supposed to be kept frozen but mine came totally thawed in a bubble mailer. I have no idea how long they were thawed or if Amazon stores them on a shelf or what before sending them out... As far as the flavor and texture, that is where my 3 stars come from. These were restaurant cornbread-like, crumbly and dry. I didn't care for them at all. Didn't think they tasted like anything or added anything to my burger. Too expensive for what you get.
arrived damaged but otherwise ok
I purchased this salt back in September 2017. Seemed fine. Now that I'm getting closer to the bottom of the bag my food is seeming terribly sandy! It had ruined several of my family's meals before I realized what was going on. Very disappointed now. I guess I'll use the rest for bath salts. 🙄
Great taste, but very expensive for instant coffee.
Same espresso that I buy from the grocery, but 5 dollars a can cheaper. Update: The last shipment was burned coffe, plain and simple.
Wasn't what we were expecting.
One box of milk was leaking. Never happened before. This product is expensive.
Arrived quickly. Personally, it wasn't the English tea biscuit I was hoping for. Wasn't bad at all, just more dry and crunchy than expected.
I really would like this water enhancer but the smell is way off. I've tried different flavors and the flavor is okay but they all smell weird
Taste decent. Wish they were less salty
Love the product but cost is too high.
Guess dry roasting pulls out the flavor because barely sweet! Will use in cookies to get rid of!
Have been buying Spry gum for a number of years and recently bought some and was surprised as the flavor (we get the cinnamon one) is very different that it was. At first, thought it might be an off batch, so bought one at the local grocery and no, it still tasted very different than previously. Not sure why the company would do that, as loved the flavor before and it now tastes like a mouthwash. Very disappointed customer!
I didn't realize they were flimsy paper type cardboard if they were hard plastic they would have been way better. The assortment was nice just paper doesn't go well with wet frosting
I soaked, dehydrated and roasted these nuts and they really did not taste good. I will try just roasting and hopefully have a better outcome. I got them specifically to soak to decrease the lectins which are not good for stomach heath- and then to make peanut butter. Will have to do further research on that!
These chia seeds taste great and seem clean. Unfortunately, the reseal on the bag is horrible and I have lost many chia seeds to my vacuum after the 2 times the bag dumped everywhere. I now roll and rubberband the bag shut.
Extra Cinnamon gum has a weird flavor. Big Red tastes more like cinnamon. If you want to chew gum that tastes good and tastes like cinnamon, I recommend Big Red instead of Extra.
Just trying out. It was sort of weird.
I did not really like this tea especially compared to the cinnamon chai and double spice chai (my favorites from Vahdam). In the vanilla chai none of the spice smells or flavors come through.
Too sugary. Not able to enjoy the natural taste of the fruit.
Too much white to cut off and applying it to the cake was a mess. Also, tasted like paper. We took it off the cake before cutting, so what was the point of paying extra for edible? Won't buy again!
Everything was fresh and delivered promptly . I give it three stars because the product ratio is bad. Only three boxes of nerds and sweet tart chews. While the rest seems equal.
So Amazon sent me a replacement package for the Jack Link Sweet and Hot beef jerky that they delivered that was Moldy and bug infested. The new package expiration date is 2021, can only guess how long jerky has to be out date in the warehouse to get Moldy?
The wild peppermint is great! It's such a little piece of candy, with lots of flavor. Peppermint settles my tummy, and it only takes one of these to help with that. I love the clean taste that comes with these! Edited: I'm not sure if I got a defective pack, but about half of the 10 I had, tastes like straight sugar. No peppermint taste at all.
the coffee 8s fine, the price is too high
Good for a half caff but my issue is the pods are thicker so it doesn't always puncture through the bottom and my Keurig will error.
The cheese has a weird congealed look to it. My baby loves macaroni but would not eat this.
I think the cereal is not puffy enough. Hard to chew but only cereal I could find with no sugar besides shredded wheat.
Kind of gross tasting
When you first bite into them the wasabi goes into your nose and burns. But after that it amazing.
When it blooms that looks like a weed that grew in your front yard
They were fresh and smelled great but the flavor is a bit week. I bought them to make vanilla extract.
These are a perfect snack for the keto lifestyle. The only problem I had was that I did not care for most of the flavors in the box. Best one is Cinnamon Ceylon, but there are only 4 bags in the box of 24. Also garlic thyme is good. The habanero pepper is way too hot for me, and the rosemary and the cracked pepper ones aren't good at all. At least now I can order just the ones I like and not this variety pack again! Happy carb-free snacking!
While this is by no means a bad cup of coffee, I prefer a darker roast and deeper flavor.
I miss the old recipe in the orange box. This new blue box version is not as good as the old one.
It was presented like it had a lot of decaf teas, but only 5 in the whole box were decaf. I bought them for my son who lives tea, but cant have caffeine. Huge waste of money for our house.
No chocolates??? But flowers are beautiful.
It was ok. But not bold enough for us.
Received in perfect condition. But after I ordered these, I found them at the store for half the price. But it is my favorite brand and I love the taste
Like others, my package arrived open with sauce everywhere. Is there a reason this item can't be better packaged for shipping? That being said, the sauce rules, but I'll wait to purchase again until I hear better packaging has become available.
These are just okay. Kind of a weird texture but that's to be expected I guess. I don't think I will be eating the rest.
Plant arrived quickly, a little bent from the packaging but had a beautiful pink flower. Followed the care instructions to the "T" but barely 3 weeks later plant is drying out and turning brown. Bought this because I thought it was neat to have a plant you didn't need to deal with dirt, but I guess some people are just not meant to have plants.
I ordered these for a surprise tea-party themed birthday. Flavor was described as "tastes like grass." They didn't bloom at all like the photos.
I have tried this in a few different things, coffee, tea and oatmeal. It was okay in coffee and oatmeal but not in tea. It altered the taste of the tea so much it wasn't drinkable. I received a shaker of the stevia powder free for an honest review. The shaker was more convenient but it is a challenge to figure out just how much of this to use with either product.
tastes okay. not great. worth the taste downgrade for health benefits. the cost is crazy high to me. I tried it, if it comes down in price I would use again.
not enough malt taste
This is my second purchase. The first was great, but this second one is so packed with red dye that it is absolutely appalling. Its almost like I'm eating red dye with caviar. I'm having to mix it in with cooked food as I can't eat it with cheese and crackers due to all the dye. I probably won't buy again.
It needs a lot of doctoring it up to make is palatable. Terrible right out of the bottle.
It's not as golden as what I buy at the Health Food store. I thought it would be a lighter shade. Is it marked wrong? I'm sure it will be fine anyway.
I was expecting the consistency of peanut butter, but this is MUCH thicker. It might spread better if warmed first, but does not respond well to just warm toast. I may try it as an ingredient in baking, but will not try again to make a sandwich with it. The flavor was good and I like that it does not have the milk ingredient of Nutella (I am allergic), but is entirely too firm at room temperature to use as planned.
Bought it to comfort my stomach which has been tortured by morning sickness. But turns out pregnant women can't take it
Well, this stuff taste pretty good. It actually has a little bit of a sweet taste, almost like honey and oats. I wouldn't say it taste nutty. Which was a little disappointing, but it taste good so... The downfall, for me, is how oily it feels in your mouth. Actually, the more I eat it the less I like the texture and consistency. When you first open it, it is runny and needs to be mixed. I read in the reviews to refrigerate it. I did both and it firmed up nicely. However, almost as soon as I scooped it out it pooled out and went right back to that runny paste consistency. Meh. yum, but...
The amount of fruit inside is less than it was and it didn't taste all that fresh.
Greek olive oil is my all-time favorite flavor profile, as a general rule. However, I find this brand of olive oil has a bitter finish/aftertaste that is not usual of Greek olives regardless of olive variety - and I have tried countless Greek olives/oils. I have rated this 3 stars as it is organic, and it could be that this bottle was affected by storage or excessive heat during shipping.
I just saw the exact same bottle, same brand, same size, at our local Costco two days ago for only $9.99! HALF as much for the same exact item! Not all Amazon prices are a good deal!
good flavor. I prefer two packs to get the best consistency - does not dry out as quick.
Was not at all large very skimpy but cute. I bought 2 .I just wished they were as full as the pucture
Although this is a tasty sauce it is way to spicy . I live in New Mexico so heat is not new to me, but this was a whole different heat. I added honey to tone it down.
Stick to the fruit pies
not sure why it has such good ratings... i was not impressed. Find it weird that on the bottle for this seasoning they have a recipe and in it they tell you that you also need salt, cumin and something else. why is this stuff not already in the seasoning blend???
These have a good taste. The bad is one pouch equals one cup equals 15g of fat. Versus Swanson from the super market has zero grams of fat.
Didn't taste as good as I was hoping
Received my package with 2 packets already open and spilled everywhere. Very disappointed.
At least 10%, sometimes as high as 25%, of the biscuits are broken inside due to poor packaging
Candy is great but the packages were a little beat up. Like they were forgotten about in someone's bag. Not gift-worthy additions.
Hard to find in stores. Good price. Box was dented when I received it
Took too long to receive product
The cookies are terrific but they do not travel well. Many were crushed when received.
The assortments in this snack variety pack are a little too much variety. After you run out of good stuff you left with the not-so-good tasting stuff. This pack tries to sooth too many different pallets.
Very pretty, look exactly the same as picture. Not 5 stars because mine really had trouble blooming, most still have not actually. It's been over a week and im still pampering them, changing the water, cutting the stems every so often. Maybe they'll finish foiling out soon!
felt like I had to use way to much to get the same sweetened of ether sugar along or Splenda Sugar blend. Purchased mainly for use in Iced and hot tea. Not the best fit for my needs
The taste is good but the cookie doesn't stay intact so your pretty much eating crumbs.
There were like 10 cashews in the entire bag.
Flowers arrived dry and closed, after putting them in water they started to open... needed to pull off several leaves and petals... look like old flowers
Wife loved it! I did not, because I like to start the day with medium roast coffees that aren't toasted so that every bean is shiny black, that still retains some acidity and brightness. As a dark roast coffee, I would say it is good, but I am rating it lower because the description explicitly says medium roast. I'm going to try their "light" roast version, and see if that has a more accurate description, because as I said, otherwise the coffee was good.
Didn't taste all that great to me and I'm not a picky eater.
It's not bad it had some nice teas in it. But it seemed like it was someone's old teas in their cabinet they wanted to get rid of kinda odd. And the box had no seal so tells me it was someone's old teas. But they were all in sealed Bags so the tea bags weren't opened. But it's not the best of tea sets for sure.
I ordered the 3 pack of the larger jars of peanut butter and upon picking the box up on my front porch I felt the grease from the peanut butter. One of the seals had been popped and leaked ALL over the other jars of peanut butter as well as the two other food items in the box with it. This is expensive peanut butter to have to throw out. Who knows how long the seal has been off! I will be contacting the company to get an exchange or refund. I have it three stars for the nutritional value and taste. It actually tastes good and it doesn't have any added sugars.
Not a huge fan of the taste. Had to eliminate sugar, so tried a whole bunch of these options, turned out only Cashew Milk was palatable to me. This stuff was second, but they don't sell it locally and the price is too high here when it's not even my first preference.
It has lots of sugar & also leaves a after taste behind .
The flavors are good on this product. But, each serving has 1 carb. This was unexpected, and doesn't work with my Keto diet.
This product is the BEST....... Amazon you unfortunately do not package them properly and they arrive with many broken pieces. My most recent shipment was 90% broken pieces and fine crumbs. The box contained the big air bubbles, but they were just thrown in on top and should have been wrapped around the container and secured. UPS must have used this last shipment to practice field goal kicking!!!!!
One of the bottles leaked during shipping. I had oil everywhere.
Not as potent as I hoped
Good price. Flavor is a bit bland and watery. Not the best hazelnut but way cheaper than most.
The product is good, but the glass jar was busted because it was shipped in a bubble mailer instead of a box.
It's ok, but definitely not my favorite gum. I need to get a new piece of gum a lot more often, I wouldn't buy it again.
Based on reviews, I decided to try out this Yorkshire blend of black teas. Turned out quite weak after 5 minutes of brewing; with no distinctive flavor or aroma. It was only 3.99 for 100, so its no big loss. We also use tea bags to add color to some curry dishes, and it certainly fits that function.
The candy was expired when I got it but I didn't notice till after I ate them all and I'm not sick and they tasted good so THREE STARS
I lost a few pounds doing this cleanse, but God did they all taste horrible.
For me it wasn't the best coffee, definitely better than folders. But was slightly bitter and didn't have really any flavor notes that suck out.
I ordered this because I believed it was not in the grocery where I live. I found it a few days after placing this order and was disappointed when I realized I could not return that package. The return policy simply says "refer to AMAZON return policy", although Amazon does say that it is up to the seller's discretion, it would be nice if the seller indicated they would not accept returns. Great seasoning but I would've liked better transparency from the seller.
The top seals are not puffed, makes me think they are not as fresh as they could have been.
Of the three new M&Ms flavors, this was my least favorite - a little too sweet, and actually tasted a bit like coffee. Still pretty good, but probably wouldn't buy again.
This granola is a great choice for those interested in low carb foods. It's a little expensive so I add it to my low carb cereal breakfast mix and two bags of this granola will last me at least one month. Since I love coconut, pineapple and pina coladas, I thought I would give this granola flavor a try. I LOVE their Maple Pancake granola but felt like risking the chance of loving another of their granolas. I was so disappointed. I was out of Maple Pancake and had to eat this each morning in my low carb cereal mix for weeks before my Maple Pancake order came in. However, this flavor made me appreciate the Maple Pancake all the more and I probably won't try other granolas they have and just stick to my favorite. This flavor might be the one you love so give it a try.
I have not been taking long enough for health results. However, it tastes just like a regular honey, nothing special. I'm going to try another honey next time to compare. Will update.
Arrived as promised but more than half were broken in pieces. Was using them for a decorative centerpiece with white chocolate dipping but couldn't do it because most were broken. They did have a great flavor.
Bags have just enough chips for a snack.
I don't feel like this product is very flavorful, it does sweeten; but the level of cinnamon flavor is low.
Tasty but I found them way cheaper at a different site on amazon.
Meh! I've had far better Citric Acid. This was not great for the bath bombs I made. Bummer. I'll be ordering from another company the next time I purchase citric acid.
Way tinier than expected! I was going to try to put dressing in these but they are too small for that. They are, however, good for their intended purpose--soy sauce. They're good if you eat lots of stuff with soy sauce, and I imagine they'd work well for small amounts of lemon, too.
A little brittle and could be saltier (for my taste), but still decent. You could probably get something that tastes better and maybe cheaper at a local Asian market. But if you must order seaweed on Amazon this does the job.
Claims to be super strong coffee however it doesn't seem like there's any consistency in the caffeine content. Some days I'll get to work jittery some days I need to two cups to help at all. Not happy
I live in a southern state and it was still pretty hot outside when I ordered this. It would have been fine but the chocolate had melted and re-set as squished up candy bars by the time it arrived at my house.
very expensive snack but addicting
most disappointed !was in transit for a week is stale and they elected to send same items ordered at same time in two separate mailings , the shipping box was ok but the air bags were at one of box and the little boxed egg at the other, chocolate was kind of mashed and broken from rough handling and three extra days sitting at out\r post office ups claimed they tried to deliver on Friday , I was here and I neither saw nor heard a ups truck nor did anyone knock on my door, and there was no notice of delivery left on my door, am wondering what the next box will be like and how long it will take to get here ,maybe ill send it back ,
My favorite brand but too expensive. Cheaper at Costco. What was I thinking.
Does the job, but Big Lots store brand filters are still the best (sturdiest, easiest to separate from stack, and yet still cheapest at 1 cent per filter).
These looked beautiful, excellent presentation. But they died within 4 days :(. The hubby loved the candy :)
Arrived on time and quickly! Taste is an acquired one!
too smokey for me but still a good product
The candy I was able to eat was delicious. Most of it was stuck together, sticky and editable.
they came all broken :(
I usually love M&Ms, but these missed the mark.
Loved this back when it was reasonably priced. Now it's not really worth it.
The product itself is quite tasty, but sadly it was not frozen when it arrived. So plan on drinking all you buy with in 7 days! This was disappointing.
I love this paper and it has let us use unhealthy foil less, as well as cutting down on the cleaning necessary on baking dishes that we line with the paper. However there is not a "cutter" on the roll - well there is but it is cut out of the box that holds the roll. Does not cut well and with the roll half gone the box is pretty much trashed and won't cut at all. My suggestion to the manufacturer - add a cutter!
Have used this fitness drink for a long time and like the product. But, this time the product arrived in a damaged cardboard delivery box. Two of the cans were leaking.
The tea is not test fresh
I really wanted to like this flour more than I did unfortunately. I only gave it three stars as its very hard to work with and has a funny taste to it. I made banana bread with it as a test and it actually detracted from the banana taste (meaning the bread had less banana taste when I used this flour compared to other flours). Also it is so fine that it makes a ton of flour dust when you try to use it. Dust in the air that goes up your nose and into your tear ducts. Forget using a mixer! I gave some to my friend and when she tried making bread with it in her mixer it turned into a dust cloud.
Not nearly as much caffeine as it says. It tastes pretty good. Felt like decaf. .
Not bad & possibly good in nutrition but a bit expensive for the amount you get. Did make a good pot of chicken soup with a bit of help, added ingredients.
I had a recipe for jalapeno egg rolls that called for this so I ordered it. It's pretty expensive and the grocery store didn't carry it. I'm sure we'll use it all but I don't know if I'll get it again.
Love the product. Hate the package they were shipped in... maybe use a box next time... I opened one up to show that the bars got smashed.
I won't buy this again but there was definitely a variety of flavors. Too many chocolate varieties. I love chocolate but not for coffee.
These taste great.... But they are filled with red dye so I will no longer purchase these.
Tastes like green tea for sure. I like it!
Did not like how my package was handled
Everything they said it would be. Some were better than others but overall they all were good.
Absolutely love the crackers the flavor if you're doing low-carb I give them a thumbs up. The downside is they are very costly for a cracker and I wish I could buy them somewhere and not have them shipped because they arrive mostly broken up. I had a hard time finding one whole cracker in the bay
The water was great, but a couple of the bottles lid was cracked so the water leaked out. Since they were contaminated I had to dispose of them. However, I would order again.
Really great for price but it is lacking a bit of flavor once brewed.
I love these crackers. But somehow these didn't taste quite the same as the crackers that come in the small packages.
I really like this iced coffee. Great product. Also wonderfully packaged and shipped. I had an issue previously with way product was packaged and condition in which product arrived. Amazon replaced and perfectly presented.
Thought it would be bigger for 4 pounds
Up to this point I've only used vogue and another similar product, and this tomato powder for soup is so superior to the others there's no comparison. It even makes a passable tomato cream soup with milk.
The salt gains are a bit too large and I had to put it in my blender
I was looking for an alternative to regular tortilla chips, and these fit the bill. I do get a slight aftertaste, but it's not enough to make me stop eating them. I won't purchase again because six bags are excessive for one person.
Decent decaffeinated coffee. Not as robust a flavor, but I think that's due to the nature of the beans that are typically used for this purpose. I'll order it again.
Wish it had more for the price but my rating doesn't reflect the quality of the flavor...just the quantity. Especially since so many of the star anise was broken apart so I could only use so much. Oh well, that's why I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars; convenience of online shopping
These noodles are delicious! I wouldn't consider them as spicy as the 2x spicy noodles however it was bearable spice level to one that usually consumes/desires spicy foods.
They are soft enough for a baby or toddler with a few teeth, without being messy.
This is by far my favorite hot chocolate. I am so happy I am able to get it online as they dont sell this brand in any store. near me.
works as advertised.
great taste; needs to be removed from frig a good while before use, otherwise doesn't mix well.
I use this as a base for top ramen like noodles as I am a vegetarian. I'm happy I found this.
Doctored up; this could be great stuff (mix it with peanut butter, or put some juicy fresh pepper mince in it). On it's own; as a topping for a pork chop; I'd prefer Tabasco brand chipotle. -That could be improved with doctoring also though.
Pleasure to order from Amazon. Cannot find the refills in stores anymore.
Well, I really LOVED everything I got in the kit. Managed to get half a gallon of Kombucha from the Scoby #1 that came with the kit - (after 20 days). Set everything up for 2nd brew and had mold after 3 days. (Big Sigh). Threw Scoby #1 & #2 out, along with tea, per instructions from friends that brew all the time. Although I'm pretty sure that was an operator error on my part because I'm a beginner, I'm pretty bummed that everyone keeps talking about how easy it is to do - but apparently not for a Moron like me. Can't decide if I should order another one or just drink off of my friends for life. Haha!
The taste is not ideal. It is not disgusting but it is not very good. I do see an improvement in my supply when I drink this.
This products works well but it has an acquiring taste to it.
My husband is the coffee drinker and he really likes this blend the best.
have bought in the past and will again.
The remind me of the caramels we would get long ago in my childhood. They were fresh with a long range expiration.
Not bad. Beans are better than grounds if you have the tool to grind it.
Very good quality and price. Very earthy, def unwashed. There was plant matter in the bag. I would def order again
the variety pack arrived repacked in other kind of KIND bars boxes but I did receive the assortment as advertised.
For tea in a bag is good
Sealable bag kept the product fresh. Tasted great when prepared.
The assortment was nice but the box was smaller than I expected for the price. Everything looks good, but I probably won't eat the spicy one. I bought it for a diabetic so the sugared ones will be eaten a little at a time. Very pretty package.
This is the third monk fruit product I've tried. It tastes better and dissolves more quickly than the other two. I use it in my morning coffee every day. Minus 1 star for price.
I enjoy this coffee as the flavor is not too light or too strong. I use half the sugar but still enjoy cream in my coffee.
Came on time. One of the bottle was broken from the shipping. But for the price and the amount I dont mind. I would have given it a 5 star if none were broken
I buy this tea for my father-in-law who is more of a coffee drinker and isn't fussy about tea. I personally find it fairly harsh and not a soothing beverage. Organic teas that cost more tend to have a better flavor and go down better, even black. Still for the price, it's not bad.
Most delicious and fresh tasting
works well popping in the microwave with a silicone popper
Loved these! They taste like peanut M&ms, only better. Shipped fast and will definitely be purchasing again. I left off one star because the price is a bit high for the small size bag.
I bought this for myself. To season my cast iron and cook with. Works well. Additionally, I tried simmering my dog's bones in it. She loves them.
They are small paper filters. They come neatly stacked in a small box and they work just fine. Check on You Tube and you will find many uses for them other than coffee.
I used these to make vanilla extract. The product was not as flavorful as I expected, though I used the correct amount for making the extract.
It is a pretty good tea and the cost is not bad.
Packaging was great. Roses are still going strong!! The white flowers are dying quick
I like this product. A little pricey.
It's not bad. I prefer light roast or breakfast blends. But I'll drink about anything. I like my coffee to taste like coffee and not lightly flavored water. You have to use extra scoops of this to make it have flavor. I never thought coffee grounds could be TOO light. My husband likes it. And needing the extra scoop kinda lowers the value of this. Which is why I bought it in the first place.
I found this has the most satisfying and authentic taste for use in cooking, and the price makes it good for saving against the purchase of many smaller containers if you use it enough. If you don't use it that much, you're better off forking out more per ounce on a smaller size.
Not all the bags had the salt in them
It's very delicious but had a rather runny consistency compared to a calorie packed caramel dip. That's the sacrifice for calorie-free though, so can't complain too much!!
I like this flavor. I like the little cans, alternative route to sodas for me.
Mildly neutral herbal flavor, nothing remarkable about it. I bought it for the calming properties and it seems to help decrease anxiety.
These are better tasting that some protein bars and they have better nutrition than a lot that you can get at Walmart
The candy is heaven. The price is hell. Don't order when it's hot.
This is a good coffee. Not great, but quite good. It appears to be freshly-roasted and has a nice taste. I will probably buy it again. I'm no coffee snob, and this coffee is a good price and I am quite satisfied.
Great price and good selection. They only thing I'd recommend is ordering in cool weather because the chocolates arrived a little melted.
Good water very refreshing. Can't get over the look of it though.
Good quality supplement
Not quite as good as brand name, but gets the job done at a lot less cost.
Shipping made many small pieces but great taste
I like the deep flavor, but it is high in salt, PLUS A LITTLE GOES A LONG WAY! Use sparsely!
I'm disappointed in the ingredients on the actual product including slot that is omitted in the ingredient list on Amazon. I've only tried the mango this far, and while good earth claims to use no artificial flavors or sweeteners, it tastes like there's an artificial sweetener in there. Kind of powdery... I drink alot of things that contain stevia, and the sweetener in the tea doesnt taste the same. I'll probably drink just because Amazon charges shipping for returns. But I wont be re ordering. I try to stay away from ingredients such as natural flavor. The mango tea lists natural flavor 2x on the packaging. I haven't tried the others yet so I hope they're better.
So good! I love it. Wish it was a better price
The problem with having a keurig coffee maker is most of the time you only have one choice of coffee per box. This allows you to sample some of the more popular flavors to either fine one you like or like I do have a verity.
Not sure if this is for home use or not, but it tends to be a bit weak as far as chocolate favor. I have to use more than I normally do per nug of hot chocolate.
I love raw Brazil nuts. Hands down these are the best I've ever purchased. They are fresh and with excellent taste. All Brazil nuts i have ever purchased always have a small percentage that have a bad taste, but these are extremely low. I rarely encounter a bad nut. Thank you for providing such a high quality product!
Very good...just the way I like this candy.
Did not like the licorice ones and seemed to be a lot of them !!
Very good tasting tea. My wife loves the cherry flavor.
Very good tasting coffee, I was in Costa Rica and this matched the flavor.
I missed my rainbow belts from HI, so I thought I'd buy the powder and add it to EVERYTHING! Mango, pineapple, fruit strips, so ono!
This is just a part of fall and Halloween time; whether mixed with peanuts and bits of chocolate for a party, or as a treat on a rainy afternoon, this is great. However, many of the pieces were broken and stuck together. That doesn't hurt the flavor but does hurt the presentation. I do appreciate the ziplock on the large bag, which helps keep it fresh.
My go to energy source.
Hey, it is Bush's Beans....and a rather tasty variant it is. Plus you don't have to go to the grocery store as often. Win Win
A bit weak for my taste, but the coffee is fresh and a good value
These are the next best thing to the Nespresso brand capsules.
bought as a gift my co worker love it
I saw these at Sam's club , they are cheaper on here !
The last two bags I've purchased have come without the scoop even though it states there is one. Can you send me a scoop? Also, why has the cost increased so much?
The dark chocolate truffles are amazing! The milk chocolate ones aren't as good as the ones that come out for Valentine's Day. There is a greater amount of chocolate in these than in the truffle hearts, which makes the milk chocolate a bit more overwhelming than I would like. I would order a tin of just the dark chocolate, or stick to the hearts in the future.
Be very careful with this, it made all my clothes tight on me.
Love these candies. I checked prices after the purchase & feel I overpaid.
Some of the chocolates fell out.
This is my favorite mint gum of all time. Flavor stays long and strong. Kind of pricey though.
Good quality, only a few unwrapped pieces (which happens even with small bags)
Good icing! I liked the flavor. A little hard to spread. I added a little warm water and it worked much better. Great for my Birthday cake. I used the Simply Mills white cake mix and Enjoy Life chocolate chips. My kids and husband even liked it! First birthday cake since I went on a Paleo diet and lost 112 lbs. Would have given a 5 star but it was hard to spread. It spread in lumps and fell apart.
I couldn't find a bakery anywhere that made How to Train Your Dragon cakes, so I bought a plain 1/2 sheet cake and added this myself. It came with no directions on how to apply, so I watched a few YouTube videos and hoped for the best. In reality, the videos probably made it harder than it needed to be. You just need to peel it off and stick it on. After a few hours in the fridge, the design did bubble a little, but settled down by party time. I was worried that it might have a paper texture, but I didn't notice any when eating it. Overall, I would recommend!
I eat cashew cookie Larabars daily with a bit of dark unsweetened chocolate. Love it. The Larabars I receive through Amazon are usually fine. Never moldy as someone said. Occasionally they are drier than they should be. The price in most stores is much more so I buy them here.
Bought for camping. Tastes better than expected. Great value.
Excellent but expensive
the flavor is good but there is more Tendon in the stick than I really like. the tendon just doesn't breakdown when chewed and leave you with a wad of "stuff" you need to do something with.
Bought this for beauty regime and it works great. I do not know about the taste as it is just used on the skin but it smells fresh and feels great.
Pretty good low carb alternative to regular brownies
I'm sure it's just my inexperience but I found this difficult. And stinky!!!
Easy to use, but not easy to clean.
Loved everything but the price
Pretty tasty, and a good inclusion for my bug-out bag. Not thrilled about the soybean oil in the ingredients, but it doesn't look like there's a ton of it in there.
It was creamy alright. Too creamy! I've been making caramel apples for at least 10 years! I've never had a problem till now. Most of the caramel slid off the apples. It tasted good, but maybe it would be better for other projects. I'm sticking with the other brand for my apples.
I wish this was iodized
These are not only delicious but I love that they're zero calorie. I don't necessarily feel AS energized compared to like a monster or a Red Bull but I definitely feel more energized compared to drinking a cup of coffee. Personally grapefruit and rasberry lime are my favorite. Big fan. I've been recommending these left a right. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I wish there were more flavor options. I would love something tropical or lemon.
I've use this before. It spicy without being too spicy.
Fun and colorful. Would have really like a Haribo advent calendar of just gummy bear treats, but I couldn't find one so settled for this one.
This does taste fresher than some other brands!
Nice and light, both in color and flavor. The only thing that I wasn't thrilled with was a very, very, very slight metallic aftertaste. I also buy "The Tao of Tea" genmaicha and that has no unusual lingering flavors. But this is still tasty.
I have yet, started to use it but super excited to try it! Looking for ways to remove sugar from my diet!
Ordered a Second Batch
good to have these on hand for communion when you cannot make in to the church building
I loved this product until I realized how much I was paying for flavored sugar. Compare this to the price of an equal amount of sugar, and I think you'll feel the same.
Tasty, but a little be too sugary.
A little goes a long way! We use less than 1/2 tsp for a matcha latte. It is a bit grassy in flavour but you do get used to it.
Packaging was different than I expected. They came sealed in plastic bags and the pods are different than any others I have tried but they work just fine and taste great.
So I bought all three flavors! I love the cinnamon, like the chocolate, and can tolerate the Vanilla. The vanilla tastes more like coconut to me.
Previously tried this in pill form but the tea is much easier to drink and it works to improve my pms. The taste is pleasant
best coffee I've ever had!
The espresso beans taste great. They are a wonderful treat
The size and beauty exceeded my expectations! I am building some small terrariums that I bought these to go in and, yeah, I may need more!! Just received them a couple days ago, so I can't find any negative to say. To be honest will remain the case. Thanks Bliss Gardens.
Nice, I thought was standard hershey size, but it's not, JUMBO
Can't beat this stuff for pork and beef, easy to make and keep.
I love pork rinds, although this flavor was not on my favorite list! I still have an unopened bag from my purchase. I do love this company, and have enjoyed other flavors, I just wouldn't by this one again due to them having a weird spicy dill after taste. I love the airy big pieces though!
I really like the taste of these - like a not-too-sweet peanut butter cookie. I also like that they have more protein than the other R bars or Larabars. However, straight out of the package they are really hard. I took the advice of others and microwave one briefly before I eat it (and then it's a warm and delicious treat), but because of the texture, they are not ideal, unless you have time and access to a way to warm them.
Very good tasting product and handy sizes but I do believe they are priced too high.
This is especially good to add to coffee; it doesn't taste as good as their golden granulated version but its small and 2 drops is good for a cup of coffee so lasts a long time and is portable which the powder isn't.
This was a nice product. It was given as a gift.
Taste good. Holds food well as s wrap.
They have a coconut flavor to them so if you don't like that don't buy them. No, they aren't the same consistency of a flour tortilla. They are much thinner. Almost reminds me of a spring roll wrapper. To me they taste great. I made wraps with lettuce, avocado, and bacon and they were great. Only complaints are the price (8 bucks for 5 wraps) and that sometimes they crack and break when trying to wrap food in them. Otherwise good.
The product was good but I personally didnt especially care for the taste. I prefer candy with nuts.
Taste good but too expensive.
This is for beef bone broth powder packets. To me the taste is jus OK. Not great but not disgusting either. I actually mix it in with pre-made chicken noodle or beef noodle soup which makes it even more palatable. 5 stars for the convenience. Perfect for post work-out, camping, traveling or for work. 3 stars for the taste when drinking it with just water. I suggest mixing it with soup.
Product as described.
I am old and have bad teeth so I Love this jerky it is soft enough for me to chew.
Great tasting granola. Worth every penny spent. I eat it with greek yogurt and sometimes plain.
These have helped me make it through my 3 hour workouts
I would give this 5 stars, however the bag was way to small to close with a 25lbs turkey while adding the recommended amount of water to keep the turkey completely submerged. Luckily, I live in a cold climate and I was just able to keep the bag in a cooler packed with ice and left it outside. Turkey turned out great and the brine spices smelled heavenly! Way cheaper then gathering and preparing all the spices separately.
This brand is increasing difficult to find, The price is great. Packaging could be better. Three cans were dented but none broken open. I will order again.
Not sweet but still a quality product. I use it in smoothies but ordered monk drops instead
I was skeptical about this coffee at first. I really wondered if it would do anything special or taste good. After a couple of days of drinking, I did notice my stomach feeling better. I suffer from tummy issues in general and this seemed to help with that. The coffee was a little too fruity for my liking but still good.
Package received promptly. Squares were good. Happy with purchase
The tea is good. It's very minty and I look it with my afternoon chocolate whey shake for a caffeine punch and great taste. The problem is that the powder gets in the zip for the bag and keeps it from sealing. So I've had to transfer this to a jar. But straight up as tea, this is a nice refreshing mint green tea.
I like it but its too buttery for my taste.
Great taste and consistancy. Usual small size. But ok value compared to thers. I sm cheap. But could for sure use more garlic. Nice hotness.
These are cute. I am using them in place of regular toothpicks for an appy platter. You can also use them as cupcakes decorations.I would recommend this product.
A good substitute for hungry urges. The candy is sugar free so the flavor is a little lacking, but does the trick.
tastes great but just not as hot as everyone makes them out to be
real good product except for the wey that in the bottom of bag .walmart may have a better price depends on the day ?Walmart has this same product a dollar cheaper
Great for party favors at a science themed kids bday party.
I have bought this product several times. The most recent order of three cans arrived with one can badly dented (huge bash in side of can). It looks like the can went into the shipping box already dented because the contents were so closely packed inside the box and there was no damage to the outside of the box that there is no way this kind damage could have occurred during shipping.
I like it when it came fresh and not much cookie was shatter but the downside is that it is really sweet, just one piece of it already made me drink a lot of water/tea. But the addicting taste of it makes you want to keep eating it. I would probably try to find one without vanilla in them next time I order Meringues.
I chose this product because it is organic and has natural ingredients. It has a smooth taste, not very spicy. It has an almost creamy flavor because of the coconut milk powder. I do add a little coconut oil and maple syrup to make a taste a little more complex. I would recommend.
This coffee appeals to me. The style of roast is a little on the dark side, but not excessively so. It is very similar to the Spotlight brand I've been buying at Krogers. For what it's worth, I use a little more of these beans when I make a pot of coffee, for it to taste as I like. That said, the price is very good and the quality is good for the price. This isn't super fancy, but it's straightforward coffee. The reason I ordered this was that I go through about a pound of coffee a week, and this will be a more convenient way to get it. What I don't know is how the beans will hold up sitting on the shelf for several weeks. The way I figure it, if the beans aren't as good in a few weeks, that's not the fault of the seller, so there's no reason not to give this a very good rating right now. Also, I have no complaints about the speed of delivery and the packaging. It would be nice if the bag resealed, but that's a quibble.
If you like all four flavors, this can be a very good deal on a high quality product. Personally though I Dont like the apple cinnamon one and about 1/4 of the box is that flavor. Luckily at least one person in my household does seem to like that one.
Favorite for students & Trick or Treaters! My only significant comment (from my teacher daughter) was that the flavors of the individual candies seemed to have been influenced/crossed/merged between the Hersheys, Kit Kats & Peanut Butter Cups.
Taste is not bad at all. Very soothing. Actually helped with sinus pressure.
It is difficult to taste the flavor even when following the directions of selecting an 8 ounce cup. I tried using the strong setting, but it not help much. However these are my back up coffee pods for my desk at work so it is acceptable. Not my go to coffee.
Maybe it's the combination of the ginger and carbonation, but if I drink this straight I get a crazy burning sensation in the back of my throat. If I cut it with liquor it's not as harsh. Not sure which ingredient is causing it. I can handle a lot of ginger so maybe it's more the combination with the bubbly.
Tasty but have had better
As a south african, i was really looking for some good old biltong, and although this can keep me going for the next few months, i cannot wait to go home in September and have the real deal.
Very good Salad dressing. Price was kind of ok. (Have to expect more for delivery) But I don't live near a reliable local seller as only available once in a while. Satisfied overall.
First of all, for those of us using Fakespot, not sure why this gets an F rating but it simply is not true. Been buying this brand of oil for almost 2 years and zero problems. I use this for everyday cooking as well as making my own flavored mixes, I wouldn't use for salads and such without first simmering it down and re-bottling. I notice just a hair of a tart taste on the tip of my tongue when the oil is uncooked but once slowly heated it releases a pretty magical flavor that compliments chicken, beef, and vegetables quite well. I've had slightly better oil but it's insanely expensive to buy month after month so this is my go to for everyday olive oil.
I got this product because my wife was saying, she had been hearing good thing about lemon powder on the shows she listens to. So I purchased this for her, she really likes it, so I decided to give it a try, and it is good, really refreshing. I add some to my water bottle at work,and I tend to drink more water while in the shop. I also add a little stevia to sweeten it. It is also good to take the lemon powder, mix with 8oz. water along with stevia and a 1/2oz of apple cider vinegar, mix well, good to sip as a digestive aid after eating. Will definately buy more
the taste is very sweet! the sizing is a bit smaller than expected, but it's still pretty decent! i would recommend it to anyone who loves honeycomb! 8/10 !
Good combined with other stuff as by itself, it has a weird aftertaste. Still pretty good tho.
Just as described. Everything was fresh and not stale. Just a little too pricey.
Good flavor, but be careful you don't need very much.
They're pretty good. They aren't very uniform in flavor or texture, though. Some bears are really spicy, some barely taste spicy at all. Some bears are really chewy, others are more smooth. From my experience, the chewier the bear, the less spicy it is. It's frustrating not getting the flavor and texture you want from each and every bear. Someone needs to be doing some quality checking on these cinnamon bears.
On my second batch of cold brew. I've been trying to shift to black coffee and this was not as good flavor wise compared to some others I have tried. I'm attempting to alter the brewing time to make it taste better. I will update if it changes. The smell of the coffee and freshness is great, hoping I can get the right brew time to match
I like this coffee. It doesn't make me sick. The beans are beautiful and have a nice roasted oil glow. I'm not sure about the brain claim as I don't notice anything different. But a good coffee nonetheless.
Great tasting noodles! The photo is a little deceptive because you receive only half the number of items.
Good authentic flavour. Not as thick as some.
The parmesan had an after taste, could only eat a few at a time.
Good coffee for the $
Personally I don't really like the taste, it's a little like liquid jello when mixed with water. No other complaints though
For the price..great. Packaging is biodegradable.
Not bad. Not great. Got the job done for a dollar a can
My brother loves these nuts! He has ordered more several times.
was surprised how good this coffee is. have had other similarly priced organic coffee, but this is the best so far and the cheapest i've found.
I love it! The only complain is that after opening, the bad could not be sealed well. The berries begin to stick to each other.
I love the weight of these and will use this kind from now on.
This is the best replacement for sugar that I have ever tried, and I have tried them all, I think. The only problem with erythritol is that you have to use more to get the same sweetness as sugar and it is expensive. I can only buy it online because I do not live in a city.
It was sweet. I need to put more to get the taste I want.
It's a great flavor, but does not have the taste of hatch that I thought that it might after reading one of the question/answers. When adding other seasonings, such as cumin, the other taste easily covers this green chile powder taste. Warning: makes you sneeze when in the air.
I have heard good things about Hawthorn tea being good for the heart so I thought I would try it since I am trying to make healthy changes to my diet. I really like this tea. It has a very light and slightly sweet taste. I'm drinking about 2 to 3 cups of it a day and really enjoying it. I recommend it highly if you are trying to drink more tea for the health benefits but don't love the strong taste of some of the teas out there. This one is very subtle and delicious.
It was really good, just needed more product for the price
I heard that from my friends, very high quality oil and healthy. I wanted to give my mom.but I got them so late . I don't want them right now .
I think the added fiber with seeds make it different, I did get used to it fast. There are also different flavors in this brand that I plan on trying.
Tastes great, but I need to use two packets to make a mug of coffee, so that increases the cost per cup (mug).
Came fast. Flowers were a little beat up. 1 or 2 of them were broke. Still looks good.
I love this Agave! To be able to find the dark agave in this larger size is a great value! I use it in everything, from sweetening tea, coffee, to cooking with it.
Really enjoyed the taste and aroma of this product. I will buy again
It did work immediately! But for a short period of time. I am a person who gets cramps a lot and I make sure I take every precaution to prepare myself to prevent cramps. Before this particular ride I ate 2 bananas, a English muffin, an egg, a piece of cheese, and a serving of pre workout drink. During the ride I had a total of 5 liters of water with endurance fuel, a PB&J sandwich, sports gummies and salt tablets. During the this ride, I started to feel a cramp coming on after taking all preventative measures while cycling up a steep grade, so I stopped and wanted to see if this stuff worked. I took the shot and within 30 seconds the feeling went away and I gained an extra boost to make it up the grade almost with ease. I was shocked and impressed. But after 20 minutes, while on my way back home and climbing one more smaller grade, both legs fully cramped up at the same time with crazy intensity! I had to hop off my bike and I was in sever pain. Is this because of user error of how I took this product? Am I suppose to take multiple shots during my 4 hours ride? I do not know what else to take or do to not get cramps :(
Product was good, but honey was leaking out of packaging when it arrived.
good, ok flavor compare to the cal
Love them. It's not real red skin peanuts but in good quality.
I remembered giving my children these at Easter time and was so happy to see them offered. They were good but I got 5 small pieces for 8 dollars? Seemed a bit excessive for nostalgia I guess.
Be aware, this is a small bottle!
I like the crunchy beans and they are a good protein source. I find it easier to buy these already in 1 ounce bags.
I guess I was expecting some intense taste than what I would expect from one of the leading supermarket brands but I did not get that
product was stale, but Amazon sent another pack which was nice, but it was also stale.
Smells great! Slimes great! Easy to make. Tastes awful!
Good product and flavors. Much too expensive for the size.
Kids loved this in the fear factor challenge. Some said it didn't taste so bad. haha
Will make you cry. I'm used to Kroger sushi wasabi which is about 1/10 this potent.
Great variety of cookies. My favorite is the vanilla and brownie cookies.
, do not like the raspberry and the peach you're really good
even with high shipping cost its much cheaper then local stores
Excellent in every way except value. I found these much cheaper at my local grocer and not on sale. Check locally before ordering. Product is wonderful.
They're Good & Fresh! But VERY Pricey!
A bit small for the price! Absolutely delicious! Goes well in everything! Rose is definitely a favorite!
I love this type of gum, but it was a little stale.
The powdered form does not have sugar, but it is in the liquid form.
Nice size for single people like me. Instructions say microwave it for 3.5 minutes. I like my rice a little more softer so after the 3.5 minutes I add more water and microwave it for another 2 minutes. I just wish they didn't cost as much as they do. One dollar per cup is a bit high.
Colors were beautiful and just what I was looking for but I was disappointed in the size of the package.
Love these! I just wish I could get more for a lower price!
This doesn't taste as great as some people say and you don't really taste the blueberry or the walnut BUT it's also not that terrible of a taste. What caught my eye was that I drank this in the morning at around 7 a.m. and I was full all day. I wasn't hungry at all. The price is kind of high but I think I would buy it again.
It appears the raisins got a little sand or dirt in them during the drying process which made them gritty. Raisins are not suppose to be crunchy. Had to wash and dehydrate again. Other than this problem the product is very good, this is the forth or fifth box and the first time for an issue.
These are pretty good to eat. What's not good is the aftertaste and the smell. I didn't even have to see them to know when my wife was eating them. I have a pretty good sense of smell, though, and a lot of smells can be very off-putting for me, so I don't entirely blame these. The aftertaste is also pretty bad for how good they taste. Not sure I'd buy them again.
the coffee is great, strong and bold, but the hint of vanilla is just too subtle for me
Just use it to make lots of coconut ball! Taste soooo good!
Not as strong as the peppermint flavor, and still "do the job" of hiding breath odor. They taste a lot better to me
This powder is sickeningly sweet. I cannot even imagine who on this green earth would use their recommended amount! That being said, I use one teaspoon with pure taro powder that I got seperately. It gives me the sweetness and color that I expect while the pure taro powder gives me more taro taste with white color. Together they are great but it is going to take me years to go through all of it!
they are doing great.
I have tried multiple different flavours and they have all tasted great and been easy to eat. The price is a little high but you get what you pay for. Some of the more popular brands that you can find at the grocery store or gas station might be cheaper but they are often hard and almost feel as if you're trying to eat leather or cardboard.
not sure it work for anything more than extra protein in diet. strong smell but does add a taste.
Pleasantly surprised by how good it was. Great flavor, and texture. Nice crunch.
Pretty good tasting candy
Small package but tasty
Caps weak on container. But other then that flavor was good.... small amount for the price though. So if you use a lot of this in your coffee you may use this up in a week time span.
But it does not meet what I was looking for. I need one like the "Cuban coffee"
as a person is on a ketogenic diet I was really hoping that coke made a fully stevia product instead of a stevia sugar mix.I was hoping to see it in more stores and the price on Amazon was awfully high. I hope to come out with a totally stevia-sweetened Coca-Cola
Great taste. No chemicals.
Tastes like I remembered.
Wish the coconut flavor would have been a bit more prominent, but good coffee nonetheless.
Jar was broken and juice was coming out.
Not as good as others
To expensive for the size an amount i received. Use to buy at store for $3.99 an 8 oz jar . Won't buy this again
Great Taste and not cloudy
This is usually a seasonal coffee. My wife was wishing she could get some but couldn't find it in the stores. I hopped on my amazon prime and had it delivered in less than 2 days. This is delicious make a coffee lovers day buy it. Only reason it is 4 stars might be completely my fault. I might have built it up too much in my head and it was not as good as I remembered. Me and my wife are eating/drinking heathier now so instead of the Carmel macchiato creamer we use heavy creamer and instead of sugar we use Stevie and it is still really good.
This coffee is very good. And fresh
Super happy with my purchase, already ordering another bag. It's my current pregnancy craving and saving a bunch getting in bulk. The only thing I wish is it came in a resealable bag.
Said to be healthier than processed regular salt. It's intense so you need less too. Being on a salt restriction I find this salt to be just "what the doctor ordered" so to speak.
I love this topping, has great taste. Grandkids love it. Addictive. Will definitely order more.
Tasty soup! One of the better canned soups out there.
This is my boyfriends favorite coffee so I ordered it even though it was very costly for 2 packages. It took a very very long time to ship but the packages were correct. Expiration date on both of mine is March 2018.
A lovely mix of citrus and flowers. Mmm it's a delightful boquet. Smooth bright and light flavor.
They taste good and I like that they're individually wrapped, which makes them easy to use as Christmas tree ornaments. But for mail-order, they need to rethink the box. Half of them came loose from the cardboard supports and were rattling around in the bottom of the box, so half a dozen or so were broken. Still, they were a good deal for the price.
The cookies arrived on time and are delicious as always. The packaging, however, left something to be desired. They we're wrapped too tightly in the plastic bags and not packaged well enough in the box to not bounce around during shipping, so I ended up with partially smashed cookies. If the packaging would have been better thought out, they would have been perfect! These are my favorite store bought Christmas cookies :)
Good dressing but it needs more spice. I have not yet tried syrup. Nice variety, good for Travel smooth and flavorful.
One of my favorite/smooth flavors of Nespresso pods
I was expecting a stronger clove flavor and less sweetness. I was hoping for something like the clove Lifesavers that have been discontinued. I had a couple and gave the rest away.
Some folks have said that this tastes like truck stop cappuccino, we brew it strong (in a Kuerig) and add an ounce or more of Bailey's French Vanilla Creamer. That's the way we roll.
Very yummy but expensive for tea. There are better quality teas for cheaper out there in the world
I first tried their sampler tea box. I liked that I could get a couple of cups per sample. Most other companies only seem have one cup per sample. I enjoyed a few from this. I decided to buy Mint Medley and Vanilla Mint after this. Mint Medley is especially great when winding down from the day and getting ready for bed. I like it with honey. Vanilla Mint is a medium caffeine tea so I can still drink it in the afternoon without it keeping me up late. I've steeped both of these twice and noticed no difference in taste on the second cup. So you get more for your money.
I drink only decaf coffee and like flavored. I find the double donut decaf to be quite good.
I quit buying these a few years ago when they changed the recipe. So glad I decided to give them another try as the flavor and texture are back. Thank you.
Tastes great but this is a snack or goes with something else for a meal!
The taste is okay. Takes a bit to get used to. You can definitely taste the coconut but it wasn't overpowering.
This turned out to work well to relief throat distress.
Love the product but the packaging could have a better enclosure. I still have to put this inside of a large ziplock bag just to be sure that it's properly sealed.
Seems like a very good alternative to regular table salt.
Very good product and ordering more.
Not quite as hot as we expected but still good.
These drinks are very tasty. They do have sugar so, keep this in mind. These can really be addicting. I have ulcers and thought it would be a good drink for me and they are...but, I think the plain type would be better for me. So, I'm off these for now and buying the straight aloe vera juice without all the cane sugar and flavoring. It doesn't taste as good but that's the trade off!
Kids had fun but not all are edible
There's a very slight aftertaste but overall it helps in cutting my calories in the morning. Please NOTE, start off with a small amount otherwise you will get some digestive traction going on. Follow the directions. I use a bit more of the creamer than most so I mix it with my half n half.
These are pretty tasty! I'm not sure why people are reviewing this and saying the taste is not good.. they taste like GINGER just like they are supposed to... if you don't like ginger then don't review it! Also FYI- These do not taste like coconut, they are just made with coconut milk.
Package came in as described. Very happy with this purchase.
I'm a retired Pastry and Culinary Chef. My pallet is particular. I've tried a lot of hazelnut coffees. Most are junk. I do like Caribou Coffees vanilla hazelnut the best. But it's too expensive to buy online most of the time, so I reverted to buying this when the price is right. It's decent. And for me, decent says a lot. Yes, the grounds are a bit oily. Some people hate this. I don't. I love it. It makes a fairly decent cream on top. It's a medium roast. In other words, it doesn't taste burnt.
All I can say is yum. I was not a fan of the flavors but it's not Indomie's fault, I was trying something new with a variety of flavors so I expected I may not like at least one flavor.
USED THE FOR A BABY SHOWER CANDY BAR. THEY ARE REALLY PRETTY. THEY STATE THE SIZE IN THE DESCRIPTION BUT THEY WERE SMALLER THAN I EXPECTED. NOT VERY FLAVORFUL. GUESS THEY MAY BE JUST FOR LOOKS.
Best if you bake it. Crumbs taste a little funky once in a while but the cheese mix is delicious and fast!
I've definitely been into fruit jerky recently as I've been trying to transition away from meat. At first it takes a little getting used to, but it ends up being such a pleasant surprise. It's cheaper than the alternative and is so good. It literally makes the perfect snack and is easy to take along with me. These bags were perfect because they also resealed, so it kept my jerky fresh! I pretty much ate all 3 bags within a week so I'm pretty sure I'll be ordering another flavor variety shortly. Definitely recommend as a healthy delicious snack
Mine arrived with tear in the bag. Price fair for amount received
Great tasting Great price
It gets the work done
Taste good and healthy
Amazing stuff! Pretty much like I remembered.
It tastes very good but has huge chunks of rock salt so just be careful to use it sparingly so your meat doesn't turn out too salty.
The chips are delicious! I just wish they had more protein for the calories.
ITEM IS EXACTLY AS DESCRIBED
Tastes pretty much like most instant coffee to me.
Good flavor, but flavor doesn't last very long.
The price, and used it for lunch!
I used the color in white chocolate for gourmet popcorn. The colors were very bright and vibrant the first day. I came to work the second day and the colors were fades to almost nothing. I realize this is for cakes so I won't leave a bad review because the colors were very bright and beautiful. Just not for chocolate.
I have been taking Hawthorn berry for years and this fills the bill for me.
So the only reason I didn't give 5 stars on the price is the fact that you can buy 12 pounds from them directly for the same 20$. Also I didn't receive the recipe book with my kernels. However when I pointed that out to them, they emailed it over right away. Win win. Check their site before you but to make sure you are getting the best price.
Package arrived with two broken jars
GReat sugarless cookie. It has everything, but nuts.
Good product, I like the sport too. But it is hard to open. Just a FYI.
Just don't over use in your food.
Pickle-nuts will like this crunchy treat. Not a Brit but I wish the US had these.
I bought because I could not find Dark Hot Chocolate in any stores. I received what I expected.
I bought this for my boyfriend who is a honey hound...he likes it but it's pretty spicy for his preference. Great ice cream topping though!
This coffee is very healthy and is low acid. Great for getting your caffeine without the heartburn. However, when I went to buy it for a second time, the price had shot up so high that it was prohibitive.
Good, rich and bold!
Yum! These are really good noodles! A little expensive, but the ingredients are clean and they definitely give me my noodle fix.
This is my favorite tea. Price is a little high, but it's hard to find.
These were a bit big for the newborn but save them because your baby can grow into them. They do not have a wetness indicator. We found that if you put on the diaper correctly you won't have blowouts. Just make sure the part where the diaper fits around the legs is flush against the skin and ready to hold the poop. Absorbs urine well. I really like this brand and will stick with it.
... a little overpriced. This was my second option thus my first one was not available.
No this was buttermilk power, the other was milk, still it is buttermilk powder.
The flavor is good. The batter is very thick. I had to add additional liquid to thin it out to my taste. Would buy this product again.
Good, but I have had better
had this for Christmas dinner. had to buy a meat thermometer and there were no instructions on the package. it was delicious. it was a little fattier than I would have preferred.
ITS QUALITY ,,, BUT,,,, IT TASTE IS TOO PEANUT BUTTERY ,, AND ITS DARK LIKE PEANUT BUTTER
My wife uses this product and has found it to be helpful.
For some reason at my age, coffee doesn't work like it used to, so I have ONE piece of this gum with my coffee and it mildly wakes me up. I wouldn't suggest any more than one piece at a time.
peanut m&M's what more can I say
The flavor is good, the only negative I have is that it doesn't mix well. I've mixed it with water and also mixed it with almond milk. Comes out quite chalky/grainy but that seems to be a trend with most plant based proteins I've used. Good product overall
great for bulk uses.
I was enticed to buy this item after the great reviews on flavor. We were looking for a substitute for the Swiss Miss Hot Cocoa as they have artificial sweetener. I like these hot cocoa k kups mich better BUT there is almost no sugar and mostly cocoa powder.. We doctor it up with a little milk and teaspoon of sugar and it tastes pretty yummy. I received this item fairly quickly. And I am satisfied with my purchase.
Good. Little bit expensive.
Tastes pretty good. Will order again.
These were good, dehydrated peppers. Overall heat seems a bit lacking, but it could have been a weak batch. It ground into a powder nicely.
The aroma is super cinnamony and so it the taste, so you don't really need as much as you think on the first try. I just mix it in with my coffee and creamer.
I wish it was a little less sweet and had a fewer calories as 50 Calories per bottle is about as much as I am willing to drink but it is a flavorful and delicious product. Love the spiciness of the cayenne.
A little salty but a nice addition to a low carb diet.
Nice green chile flavor, though not a lot of heat. Will purchase again.
Excellent flavor -- definitely NOT the watery tasting stuff of most decaffeinated coffee. Also -- per ounce, the cost is very reasonable.
A little on the sweeter side. I would prefer less cinnamon, but I use with other spices and I still like using it. Good price!
Satisfying crunch. Great for keto. These are pretty good, but the sour cream and onion and the strawberries and cream are the best!
Love the taste very florally..
This sampler arrived on time and had plenty of samples in it. I'm not muxh of a coffee person as I prefer tea, so I was surprised at the fact that there was more coffee samples than tea samples. Overall I liked this sample box and would order it again.
Good tasting coffee. Not great. But definitely one of the better K Cups I have purchased over the years.
Not as much richness in color or flavor as I prefer in an Irish Breakfast. Good caffeine hit. Reconsider this packaging: That slot on the side with all the folds inside makes getting tea out unnecessarily complicated.
Fit the Torani, as well as other brands.
Flavor is nice for the most part, little odd after chewing a while but overall good. Does not stick in tooth gaps as much as dentyne ice
Big chop guy and figured I'd try to eat sensible if snacking. They're good, wish they were more affordable. Don't know if I'd buy consistently at the price.
Not as yummy as the caramel bars but still good.
This popcorn right here!!!!!! OMG. The caramel was delicious. I wish they put more in the bag as there was alot of cheese in the mix. If they could make a bag of caramel, I would definately purchase. Popcorn tasted fresh even days after opening.
It tasted good, suitable for younger folks and those who don't have weight problems. For myself, I would just nibble on one, just for treats. Tastes good! My delivery was sent to next door because they rent and the landlord didn't put up a door number. The delivery guy somehow thought their duplex unit is an extension of mine.
I really like these they are great for grab and go especially in the summer chilled. I expected Amazon's price to be cheaper than in the store, but actually it is more. You can find this less expensive in the store. Great product, but a little pricey.
They added a lot of ketchup during the process, very tasty indeed, but for the money it's kinda what you would've expected, but the same price you can purchase like 3 bags of lays brand ketchup chips, but it's worth the taste once in a while.
Really good, comparable to Green Mountain and Starbucks.
It works as described.
Seems legit. Read the many benefits of taking this product. Have been taking a teaspoon daily. No complains thus far.
Love this product for getting extra protein and curbing appetite. It is good for diabetics (type 2). Has no chalky aftertaste.
These are very good but they are a little smaller than I had expected. Either way, a good snack.
HUGE bag! Product is fresh and smells great. The only thing stopping me from giving it 5 stars is that the bag isn't resealable.
Pretty good coffee. Not bitter. Goes well with creamer and agave sweetener
This worked as gum should 😄
Was hoping for Maud's Mellow Mood to be part of the Sample Pack. I know I like it, and was hoping to be able to compare to other decafs.
Nice for when I wean off real coffee - I do think the ground version is heavier and not as watery.
I love these cookies. I have bought them previously, but this time there were a couple problems. I ordered 6 boxes for $17.99 and received 3. Also, several of the cookies were broken. Love the cookies, but not happy with this order. EDIT: very satisfied with customer service. Raising stars to 4.
Great coffee, been drinking it for several years. Problem though: I never seem to receive the coffee on Prime shipping; arrives later than needed!
Effective for healing my stomach
great product but don't believe the packaging! it says 1 tsp stevia is equal to 2 tsp sugar. it is way sweeter and you should add significantly less. i made some sweet tea and put 1/2 the amount of stevia than i normally put of sugar and it doesnt taste like like tea anymore just stevia. once you get the balance down though its great.
I am currently healing my gut and detoxing my liver, so I don't want chemicals or mold on my coffee. Yes, it has a mild flavor but I drink it black and take mct oil separately. I took one star off for price, but you get what you pay for. As a side note, I enjoy that the bulletproof podcast doesn't just promote their products, but also gives good healthy advise.
Love this coffee. Signed up for subscription to save money. From September to October the price jumped 30%. Tried to cancel shipment but it was too late. I'll just order as i need k cups.
Not much flavor as far as I can tell. Doesn't impart much flavor I should say, which could be good for some.
I'm sure the tea will be fantastic but the can arrived dented. Kind of a bummer because I'm one to save cans for future use. Ah well. 😊
I like the seasoning a lot but it's a little costly. I usually pay $4.00 when I purchase it locally it's just hard to find, So I decided to order it. It was double the price.
Flavor is super tasty but requires you to use several packets for a large salad. I used it to marinate on chicken and it was perfect.
We use this coffee daily in our automatic drip coffee maker.
Some candy was Stuck to paper
good, came in with ice pack, very thoughtful
It came in a nice fancy box and tasted great.
Great product! Perfect for Manhattans.
wish there were more chocolate chips
Too hot but also not hot enough
Good flavor and enjoyable
Showed up as expected but could have used a little more packaging to prevent damage
Fast shipping.Very spicy, not the taste I was expecting did not taste that good.
We used to receive these at Christmas from family friends, and I missed having them. They were as good as I remember them being. My only complaint is the boxes are much smaller than they used to be, and so it's a bit pricey.
Great brew and great taste. Unfortunately, out of 25 pods used thus far at least 8 have torn while brewing. As part of the paper pod filter there's a little paper tab. Each time it always ripped it was there. There should stop adding the tab part. Other than that it would be 5 stars.
This is my fist time using Nettle leaf itself so I don't have a frame of reference hence 4 stars. If learn something else, I'll rerate it up or down depending. Cheers
This hemp protein powder is nice — mild tasting and easy to mix into any liquid. The only thing that bothers me is that it is not the white color depicted on their label. The product is light green in color. That's why I'm giving it four stars overall.
Good for something to munch on without all the calories.
Order was intact and on time. Since they were glass bottles, I would have preferred they been shipped in a box. Overall, my wife is happy to eat with her favorite jerk sauce!
Reordered for Christmas, same as last year. It makes a great stocking stuffer for my husband but ,as I like the dark chocolate best, perfect for me, too. Arrived before the estimated delivery time, despite the Christmas rush and my very late order date.
It tastes good. Mild and not spicy, the way we prefer... But why can't this be original in a GLASS bottle instead? Or make a premium version that is in glass but around the same price...
This is not a good item to have shipped. Most of the bars were squished.
Purchased for our smores with Santa event. About 3 or 4 bars broken in each box when received.
These pods were a great deal & the Vermont maple flavor is really nice. When I make it in the office everyone looks around for pancakes!
Good price and quality. Will definitely buy again.
The soup is not bad tasting. But there really is no salt.
I like the overall taste of this bone broth. It mixes well with warm water. I only wish the sodium content was a little lower. I think it could be lowered with out affecting the taste.
It made my boba tea taste just like it does at the tea shop. The only thing I don't like is the price. If this were cheaper, I'd buy so much more!
Seems good, one can did come in damaged so I just poured it into a Pyrex container to save it.
Love this product and would buy it again. Unfortunately, one of the bottles was cracked upon opening. A bit of a mess.
Great flavor and accompaniment to a vodka martini. Only downside is beans are a little old and fibrous (string) after being pickled.
Cookies are moist & delicious! My son & his college roommates loved them. Exactly as pictured, package in a box with bubble wrap.
I really like the flavor of these chews. They also help settle my stomach. I like the convenience of throwing them in my bag for when I need them. They are chewy but not too sticky if that makes sense. You do have to chew them a bit. I prefer this flavor. I didn't care for the lemon ones.
I like the coffee flavor and the absence of dairy in this double shot espresso compared to the other flavors. However, it is still a bit sweet for me. Would probably taste best over ice, but when I purchase these, I don't drink them for the enjoyment of coffee, they are just chugged to get me through my day.
If you're looking for an almond milk that Froths this is the best Ive had so far!! I use a nespresso milk frother and its perfect every time. You wont miss cow milk at all!
I love True Lime I use it a lot in everything from guac to chips, I can't really find it around here and when I do it's usually in little packets so I was super excited to find these shakers. Only thing is the bottles are smaller and don't look like the picture and these are pretty expensive for two smaller bottles. The ones I got are super skinny shakers with a coke bottle like shape. I paid $8 or something for them and they are tall but skinny. Knocked off a star for price and the fact that it's not the same bottle pictured.
No complaints. Taste is okay.
Really liked these except they are too thin and break easily; not good for dipping
Great pasta at a price way better than local stores!
Organic and reasonable. Roasting is well done. Bean quality is very good.
Wonderful but expensive
Careful with this when you open the package. Mine came all clumped together= so obvi there is some moisture that got in the package . There is no seal except the outside seals. When I opened this- a bunch of it went flying all over my floor. The taste is great! Shake up the jar and de clump. For the price it should have WAY better packaging. Very spicy- so I love it. The tiny wooden scoop in it is adorable.
Good quality jerky, just a bit on the salty side...sorta killed it for me. Going to give another flavor a shot.
I love matcha and previously was buying in store from a local retailer, paying A LOT more for a lot less. I love how MUCH you get for the price of this product. Its tasty (of course) and gives me awesome energy throughout the day!
Cool root beer float flavor. Lower calorie than many type of candy. One star lost doe to rubber-like texture many tasters could get past including me.
Sorry I had to buy so many at once but tastes surprisingly good
when I had an issue with this process it was handled quickly. I get this package every month for my daughter.
No flavor really. Smells great. Feel better after drinking it
I read a lot of the reviews about there not being a scoop. I had a scoop in mine it was just in the middle of the protein. For the most part the protein has kept me full. I would recommend it.
Really good, taste like eating potato chips!!
I hand grind. Doesn't matter really. I love the finish. I am no expert but this is great coffee. Compared to pure Kona this has a delightful finish. Yes will buy again.Send be back to Hawaii/
I get these with Subscribe & Save. They are awesome for my household. No refrigeration needed. Just put the box in the cabinet and grab a couple when you need them. I haven't had a problem with freshness or taste, only an issue with damaged box that Amazon took care of immediately.
I disagree with the review calling this coffee weak. This coffee does a great job of waking me up. Another thing I like is the taste. I haven't been able to find a good coffee at a reasonable price that is an alternative to Starbucks which his what I have been drinking but consider it just a tad to strong and bitter. This has a nice strong flavor without the degree of bitterness Starbucks has. I'm a coffee snob and I'm about to order more!
Everything was as expected.
These were the best packaged chestnuts I have purchased. Roasted them in the oven before putting them in my stuffing. Gave them 4 stars because they are just not as good as fresh chestnuts.
I shouldnt be eating these but had a craving for animal crackers and gave these a try. They were alright just a good evening snack.
One of my guilty pleasures, but not for those with feeble/weak teeth.
This is a very good value. Not a remarkable blend, but balanced and quite fresh. Recommended.
Very good taste, consistency, and texture, but quite expensive
They taste good not enough snap pricey biggest downer it has gmos surprising coming from germany
Very smooth taste with low acidity. A little lighter than my preference but that may be the result of my under-roasting. New beans are always a learning experience.
Has a good flavor. Right amount of pepper, the texture is ok, but a bit drier and harder than I would prefer.
I like these matzos better than any other. I just wish they came in 2 separate packs in a box. They go stale too quickly.
Nice size lollipops. Fair taste. Popular with staff and patients.
Tasty and good texture!
I love the flavor of all of these! While the caffeine amount is minimal, I do wish there was a completely caffeine free option! Crystal Light is one of my favorite drink mixes!
This is a good product. The taste is indeed different than standard grits, but I really liked it. My only suggestion would be to add single serving directions on the label.
Very tasty tea with many health benefits. Difficult brewing though, but worth it.
Just fyi when i picked up the package found out someone tried to open the box Its so dangerous Please put the product in an extra mailing box next time when the next customer orders! This is the first time seller dont use an extra box to mail the product and use the original one esp this is food (teabag) if u put an extra box then will at least protect my order so please do so next time Thanks a lot
Great product, easy on the teeth and great taste.
I have enjoyed this blend and will soon try their other blends too
so far the best Waffle mix I have found
I could not quit snacking on it. My only wish is that there is a choice for the degree of roasting. I would have loved it a little bit more well done.
Tastes great, decent amount of heat. A lower price would be nice though.
I did the hamburger one first and was scared to try the others...I don't understand why they are all candy and sweet and the burger one says candy but is savory and completely disgusting. I only got 9, not 10 like many reviewers got. Overall, I'm very happy with my purchase.
I make my own bagels, and everything bagels are my favorite. I love the mixture but it's just a little too salty for my taste.
This has a stronger coffee taste than the others that I have tried.
Bought as gift. I love their variety of teas but the packaging was written all over, so I had to buy a basket to put the teas into to give as a gift.
The package was squeezed and packing was damaged
My son is in a nut free class and is required to bring foods that haven't been processed in a facility with nuts. It's hard to find a lot of options for him as he also has a gluten intolerance. I appreciate that these are safe for allergies, taste good and are individually packaged which makes them easy for school snack time and lunches. They are VERY small though, which is typical for any type of allergy friendly food, but it is still a deterrent for me.
Box came broken and all the oatmeal spilled out. I would like a refund...
I should have paid more attention to the selection of k cups, but I jumped on the buy 1 get an equal credit bandwagon. Lesson learned. I thought this was a random mix of k cups, each delivery would be a surprise, however what's listed/ pictured is what arrives. Bummer. I'm most looking forward to trying the Maple Sleigh. Donut house is my go-to k cup so yay for that! I'm not a huge fan of dark roasts, my stomach can't handle them like it used to. It's a nice bakers dozen sampler though for someone with a new keurig. I'd have like more flavored coffees.
very good, but pricey.
They're not strips of gum but more like little tablets... the flavors are cool but they don't last long.I ordered these for the sole purpose of sending out different flavors of gum to my friend who's out in ranger school. Since the only thing that they can receive is strips of gum I thought these would be a pretty cool idea. Each packet comes with about 10 little pieces of gum (not strips). If you just want to order these for fun or as a gift to someone then it might be worth it. I'm giving it a 4 star because the flavors are cool and are pretty accurate to what they are labeled (the margarita tastes like a margarita!).
Super yummy but not yummy enough at this price!
I think they could have been roasted a bit more hence the 4 star rating
Much better scent than the first two brands I bought. I actually have only used mine so far in my homemade nontoxic spray cleaner, but I will be using it recipes soon.
I won't say this tastes like homemade, but it does taste good.
These are two servings of chips - i wish they were one serving so that you could use them for taco in the bag for kids and as a one serving snack for school.
I ordered these for my son, he loves them. They are nice light snack. They are easy to take with you.
I am expecting them to be fuller and taller but good enough
Good value, good coffee. Not quite as dark as I prefer or I would have given it five stars
Amazing little bursting beads of sweet goodness. Very fun in drinks.
The product was exactly what I thought it would be.
My mother-in-law used to make this, because it reminded her of England. She was from Brooklyn. My husband makes this, because it reminds him of his mother. He was born in England but grew up on Long Island. His cousin hates this (hates it, Precious), because in England, this is like school cafeteria gravy. She's from Bristol but lives near us in MA. So, we don't eat it when she comes over (plus, she brings fantastic homemade gravy). BUT it's a pantry staple in our house, and I think the reason she doesn't like it is that she had too much of it, not because it doesn't taste delicious.
Good price on good spice!
Tastes good on pretty much all sea food.
Purchased this coffee as we also purchased an iced coffee pitcher. Very good flavor, not bitter and tastes great with flavored creamer.
Its just mass produced parm. That said, 3 of these is great for bulk buyers.
I haven't had a chance to use this yet. But I received my order in a timely way, and it is the same brand and packaging that I previously bought in a local store, and that was fine. I bought it online because I haven't been able to find it in my local stores.
The salt was a bit more smashed up that the exact same box that I buy at the grocery store, but you know, amazon is so convenient.
Didnt realize they needed to be microwaved! Ha, tasty AF.
.. but I use to dust my wings on air fryer... wish it had more vinegar to it though
I was happy that there were no preservatives or food dye. Just wish the colors were more vibrant. I used it to decorate Christmas cookies.
For the price, the amount and quality are very good.
Great tasting product with some good nutritional values.
Mints are effective treatment for dry mouth. Wish they were longer lasting.
Delicious - though I wish they had an unsweetened version. The matcha powder is very fine and dissolved perfectly in my lattes.
Mine were almost a year beyond the Best Buy Date. Still tasted ok by me. I will buy again. I don't really like the warnings on packaging, except when it was made.
Super cute and looks just like the images on the website. The only con is that it's a little flimsy, but overall, a good purchase.
There are a lot of grits in this box for the money. I don't always want grits, but they are a quick and easy breakfast when I do. One packet of grits and 4 oz of hot water from the K-Cup machine and breakfast is served :)
Smells great and made my receipt better!
Makes a great gift. Fresh and tasty.
these are a step above the top ramen and us varieties but some packets are a little stale, all in all the quality is higher than top ramen
Hawaii Roasters stopped selling their premium Kona coffee so I had to find a new one. This was the second one I tried, and it's decent, especially for the price. I'll keep buying it.
Seeds were smaller in comparison to other brands however once over that disappointment, the flavors werr well appreciated and enjoyable snacks to munch!
Not the best. I prefer the liquid from Trader Joes. It still works for my tea, but true to the powders, they do have an after taste.
UPS delivery is consistently unacceptable leaving package on the ground instead of leaving them on the porch!!!!! This causes bugs and rain to damage items. Please ONLY leave packages on the porch!!!!!!!!!
I bought this product to replace non-dairy coffee creamer.. The flavor is very nice and I like the coconut oiliness as well, however it does have a grainy finish. Also, if the water is not hot enough, the powder will not mix well and you get a lot of clumps. I'm sure this powder will come in handy for sauces and baking.
These are actually rice crackers (as shown in the photo of the food) but they are labeled, "NUTS - Health in every bite - dried fruit and nuts". Nope, they're the rice crackers we all know. The ingredients are as shown above but that is one wild package! Taste-wise, they seem less salty (so a bit more bland) than what I'm used to but otherwise they are the same.
Hard candy you had as a kid
Stuff works great, but really easy to make your own
Good tasted. Find my self trying this on different things and being happy with the flavor enhancement.
addicting. not too much in there. :)
It doesn't taste the same at all compared to the ones in the bottle with real sugar. I used to drink these all the time in Peru out of glass and plastic bottles, and this can comes close, but it just has a funky taste compared to the Peruvian formula.
My favorite alkaline water by far! Even the bottles are better than their competitors.
arrived on time as described good to go
The almond clusters are delicious! When I crave something sweet these hit the spot. They are not too sweet, just perfect to stop my sweet craving and a much healthier option.
We use for smoking meat
These are about the best hallowed out licorice out there. Sorry, I still miss my Snaps....
These are okay. Didn't have many white ones or dark.
Very nice hazelnut coffee, mild intensity and fresh coffee taste. No artificial taste or aroma. Satisfied with my purchase.
The middle eastern sweets are very good but the product arrived late.
Super happy with this buying option! Only 4 stars because one of the bags had a tear/cut and the shipping box was full of flour.
I love this dressing. It tastes great. I would give it 5 stars, but it is a little too thick and hard to get out of the bottle. As my mama used to say, "Shake and shake the ketchup bottle. None'll come and then a lot'll." Even so, I will still buy again.
I love the idea of the different combinations, but my child did not enjoy the consistency of the food. I did add water to each of the containers to mash it up. It does contain coconut.
This helped regulate my period and helped me get pregnant with my first baby. My period has always been very irregular so I'm gonna take it again to try for #2!
Received delivery in good time and product intact. I use this product occasionally to boost my immune system especially when I'm being exposed to flu viruses.
I have tried many brands of prunes and find Sun Maid to be one of the best. I use the prunes as part of my stomach health Would appreciate more sales on this product
best buy is at Costco or Smith&Final
Great price. Loved most of the flavors.
Trying the Monk Fruit plain with NO Erythritol...very sweet
good, but took forever to get here
I was just trying something different, it was not something I like but hubby had many friends who really loved them.
Only wish they added the Ethiopian blend...
This is a great drink!
Delicious brittle. A must try for any vegan! Only complaint is the bag was waaayyyy too small for what it costs. Expensive, but yummy stuff.
I use this product to remove my makeup.
Makes a good dipping sauce for dumplings
This seems like a cool choice I made in this cold season. Beef flavored noodles on a stormy snow filled day or night makes me feel all cozy and warm. Flavor is a welcome addition to my other assortment of flavors.
The Dill Pickle Peanuts are absolutely amazing. The flavor is really there and once you eat a few, it's like you can't stop! The only downside that I don't like it that you pay 9.99 for 10 ounces.... it's a little pricy. I have amazon prime so I don't pay for shipping so that's why I ordered. If you have the money to spend, you won't be disappointed.
The price was right, good variety of coffees, taste good. Would like to see more medium roast and not so many darker roasts. We did fine several pods that allowed grounds to show up in the cups. Will consider ordering again if we can be assure of an adjustment in the darker roasts being thinned out with more medium roasts.
Would have given 5 stars, but there was very little heat :( Now the flavor was outstanding, good reminder of my home state.
Great flavor and a great option when I need something quick. Wish the cost was a little less but overall a great product
I used this product to make cheese at home. It worked fine and my cheese turned out great. I plan on using it to make cheese again.
Revising my first review these are pretty darn good for the money delicious and juicy. Only one suggestion lose the paper in between rows of apricots because it just gets all goopy and looks unattractive
If you are one of those that still spends 6 dollars or whatever at starbucks for your white choc latte then dont fret and start saving your money, this is the syrup they use! Like any Torani syrup its pretty true to type, good taste and you dont need much so itll last a while.
Good product enjoyed for Christmas
Always crisp and perfectly buttery. Oh, and adorable (who doesn't like tiny little popcorn kernels?!). My only complaint is there are quite a few un-popped kernels.
Scared from all the people saying it came moldy so I inspected all of the pieces... all were good to go. With that being said, it still was pretty lacking in flavor. Small pieces, and pretty boring taste. Great deal regardless so if you don't mind sub-par beef jerky this is your go-to.
These packages will leak. But overall great flavor
Good, but not as good as what we had in Peru
This is a little overpriced but really is worth in in the end for the experience. It was fun got here quick and intact the shipping is done really well.
So I thought I would be getting some type of a "minty orange" lifesaver....(I wonder why? Look at the name of them!!!) WHen I tried my first one....Nope...NO "mint"! It's more of a bright orange flavor....Don't get me wrong...it's good, and a nice "bright" flavor over "Mint"....but the description is a little misleading. (Wow....ask my 22 year old self if I would be reviewing LIFESAVERS later in life, and I would have finished my beer, then laughed at you!) I think these are good! Just not "mints" as they state....
this is for long term memory protection. I'm 72 now so maybe in 10 or 15 years I'll know more.
Good ingredients and I like the taste so much but dislike the fact about the amount or percent of juice that was reduced. But still like it.
I love the product. I hope the packaging will improve though... it seems to be resealable, but not really.... it doesn't work well once it is open.
Makes a tasty mug of hazelnut cappuccino when set on the 8 ounce setting. Adding a bit of real whipped creamed to the top makes it even tastier. Reasonably priced per cup/pod.
Flavor is good, we've tried a few from each at this point. Will be purchasing again. Just so you know, they don't fit a Nespresso exactly. There is a small leak when we use these pods that we don't get from the Nespresso brand pods. Still looking...
Nice broth , very tasty... would buy again ... added some green onions, chicken and a little chili sauce... for an instant noodle , this is the best I've had so far and low calorie too....
Looks better in the photos
Great deal and I love these. My grandchildren love these. My dog loves these. I just wish they stayed soft longer. It might just be due to my grandchildren not closing the tub properly, I'm not sure.
It was what I expected.
Very good flavor. Not as hot as I would like.
Arrived with some damage but great service.
While they don't live up to the much more expensive gourmet brands, these are an excellent value for toppings and salad mixers.
I never eat regular candy bars, but I can't resist these, as they are low carb and calorie. They have a rich taste - no funky aftertastes! Packaging and size of these chocolates makes them a great gift for any occasion, or even to spoil yourself a little bit!
I love that this drink is unsweetened. It's a nice drink first thing in the morning and yes, it does feel like "clean" energy!
Just got it and can't wait to use it!
I like the product, they are typically around $2.50 or more each at the local gas stations and stores, so I decided to buy in bulk. The first order I placed apparently broke during shipping and instead of Amazon or whoever the distributor was sending another one right away to replace it, they simply said "oops", refunded my money, and then I had to initiate the order again. That's why I gave 4 stars instead of 5. The Tea has good flavor - a little on the sweeter side, but the ginger isn't very spicy like it can be in other ginger beverages. I may reorder this again in the future.
got the variety pack to try each soup to order more for camping/food storage. My wife and I really liked two of the soups, two were just ok and one was pretty tasteless. Since taste is subjective I gave this 4 stars since this product was as described and the soups are a good value. Highly Recommend Chili and Cheddar Broccoli. give them a try.
I love this chocolate, if they could get the correct flavor to me... Ordered the 36 package of Mint, first time it was cocoa, second time it was White Chocolate Granted they replaced the first order for free & told me to keep the incorrect packets, but the second time there is no recourse to return the item so i'm dead in the water...
Mixes up easily and tastes great.
Most as expected - a couple were a bit soft
Maple syrup is wonderful if Amazon had packaged like they should have. Lid was cracked so unusable. I'll have to pour it in a jar. There was no packaging materials to protect the small items. Others have crushed boxes. Who packaged this order Amazon?
Good clear mascara and preps lashes for mascara with color, makes lashes stand out more
Good product from what I know of truffle oil , taste great to me on eggs, asparagus
Good product! Very nice seasoning. I like the onion flavor. Not too spicy at all, but I like a little heat. Great for garnishing a Bloody Mary. Only 4 stars because I would prefer to not have to pick off vine stems and would like them to be close to the same length. (Yeah, I'm picky)
Quick and delicious...not restaurant cuisine, but nonetheless tasteful and convenient. Two seasoning packets per pouch, however would be a sublime finish.
There really isn't much variety in the way of lactation cookie manufacturers but I liked that each serving was individually wrapped so you weren't tempted to overeat. Very convenient when you're out and about. Taste-wise, these are quite nice (chocolate chip, sea salt caramel were better than raisin and oatmeal) especially when paired with a lovely hot cup of tea. Most importantly, I did notice an increase in breastmilk production, but only slightly. The results will be different from woman to woman. A little pricey but if you're desperate like I was (only producing 4-5 ounces daily).
Sent as gift arrived perfectly- very happy with this purchase
However, I'm enjoying this matcha tea!
I've been drinking Oolong tea for a few years. Started out with a buld bag from a local oriental food store, then with Chinese tea bags when I couldn't find bulk tea. I started using it for two reasons: 1) I heard it can help you lose a little weight by burning a little more fat than normal exercise alone, and 2) as a caffeine replacement when I stop drinking coffee. I don't know about #1 but strong Oolong can hold it's own against coffee to keep you awake, but it's more like a mallet than a 5lb hammer and for me it's not addicting like coffee is. And it's worth noting that with Oolong you can brew it again several times and get good tea unlike some other teas. Anyway, this tea stands out for me as being a higher quality than I have had before. The first time I made some I noticed it had a little more smooth taste. That is, despite being brewed moderately strong there was no hit of bitterness. Something I only noticed by it's absence with this tea. It's not cheap but I think it's very good. Recommended.
Got here quick, tasty, easy snack to take to work and fits keto
Delicious, but wish there were more dark chocolate in the bag
Great taste and snack but too pricey
Very tasty. Not quite as hot as we like but it still has some zing to it. We can't find our usual brand where we are staying for the summer and this is a good substitute
I am not a coffee drinker. I do enjoy a good hot chocolate. I decided to try this cocoa because when I calculated the nutritional information found it to be a 1 point serving for my WW lifestyle. I think it is very good on flavor but find it a bit pricey at little over $2.00 per serving. I will probably buy more and try the different flavors but it will be a treat now and then, not a daily habit.
Great tea and arrived quickly but turns out that it's more expensive than I found at a coffee shop that I visit.
used as filling for Christmas cookies,price was good, but i wished it could have been just a little thicker. would definitely buy again
Received wrong item. When I contacted amazon about it, they told me to contact the manufacturer.
Variety pack comes with some very good flavors. Would like to get more per bar for the price. Mostly healthy ingredients.
This stuff is so good. I discovered it on vacation in New York State, and had to have more of it and luckily found it on amazon. Very savory... I use it on burgers mostly and sandwiches. It elevates it up to restaurant level. Minus one star because of the high price for small jar, but still worth it. You'll love it! Very rich, deep flavor.
These juices are DELICIOUS, and I am glad I discovered them. Only problem with this "variety" pack is I got SIX of the plain Aloe Vera flavor, and only TWO each the other flavors! This included TWO sugar-free ones which I DID NOT want. Perhaps next time I will try ordering all one flavor.
Has a creamier taste but not feel. Its ok
Can't really taste the flavor over the heat but it is def hot!!
Packaged in only an envelope - no box. Arrived crushed.
I had trouble getting it smooth enough to spread on peanut butter bars. Maybe the peanut butter cooled it down to fast.
This tea is nice and the price point is pretty good. I just wish it had a stronger peppermint taste or that it had a stronger potency of the mint. Other than that it's a nice tea and it's organic too which is a plus!
I like 2 flavors a lot but not the 3rd. Kids love this treat and very hard to keep in the house. Lol
Seems to be overpriced for a bland tasting olive oil. It is suppose to be organic, but the flavor is lacking for a fresh pressed olive oil.
It was just ok. I'm not sure what I expected
Great full flavor and well priced
I am a major fan of the Celsius packs. It is good value for your money and the flavor is a nice mix up from the cans. Try it in sparkling water. you will thank me later.
Second time I have bought these pods. The coffee pods work well and taste good
Perfect for Keto, helps with missing morning carbs.
like the taste... didn't know if it would work in the machine.... I had trouble in the past with the cartridge exploding.
Excellent product. is a power full supplement when the racing for the long distances
Has a really good tast. If its true it doesnt effect the blood sugar. So ive read. Its fantastic
The taste was really good, but for some reason this required refrigeration after opening? How annoying for an on the go snack!
my mother said they were delicious
They taste like paper but they are totally worth it. Very cute will work great for my valentine treats!
The box was all beat up when delivered. All the packets were okay. The cost of 17.99 was very high to me. Got this for my grandchildren. Was a difficult item to find. I have never tasted this product but gave 4 stars because my gkids like it.
I've purchased many different brands of cacao, and do find this to be the least flavorful of those that I've tasted. I still enjoy it enough, but was aware throughout the entire consumption of the bag, that it was missing a richness in flavor I'm used to.
This is quite nice just too sweet for me. One spoon of gochujang definitely helps to balance the flavor!
It's like a cream soda with guarana flavoring, really good. Price was alright for a trial purchase.
Husband likes this product as an alternative to chew.
Very very rich cup of coffee.
These were pretty good... didn't really cure my desire for pizza since i'm a crust person, and this crust is undeniably chicken. That being said it was good in a pinch when i didn't bring lunch to work, pretty tasty overall. Small but enough to satisfy me and hold me over for a while. I'd like to try the other flavors but the brand is just a little too pricey for me so not sure i'll actually get around to buying again. Bonus- they threw in a box of the new beef enchiladas and those were the bomb. Again, small but enough to hold you over for a while especially with a salad on the side. Overall i'd recommend only if someone's really wanting to spend the money.
I have a tendency to not drink enough water pretty much ever. Lately I've been trying to remedy that, but I've come across a few problems: one, that bottled water is expensive and harmful to the environment; and two, that city water in my area tastes downright horrible. These little packets are a lifesaver for sure! Great taste and significantly less waste, plus the added electrolytes are a great bonus.
I bought this as V-Day gift. The recipient enjoyed them, but stated they didn't feel they were worth the amount I paid.
After going through several orders of their Old Fashioned - Original Beef Jerky (with just salt and pepper), I thought I'd try their teriyaki flavored Jerky. While this is far and away better than the soft, sweet stuff sold in stores today, it is still softer and more moist than the Old Fashioned - Original Beef Jerky. It does have a slightly sweet teriyaki taste, with a very strong pepper after taste. It is sliced into very thin, mostly uniform, slabs that need to be cut up and is not quite as chewy as the original.
Smaller bags than I expected. I don't know how they taste as they were for the VBS kids to try (& I was not about to eat a bug). They loved them!
IT WAS ALL THAT I EXPECTED
This mix is in my hand now -- good stuff. It satisfies my need for sweet & nuts. GOOD STUFF.
I love the Carmel flavor and the ease at which it can be dissolved in water or milk.
I ordered ground coffee but got whole bean......😑 Smells excellent tho!
Wish they smelled a little more like cinnamon and were a little flatter on one side to make crafts with.
I've had better cacao powder. This is okay, but not my first choice.
this water tastes delicious. I think my skin looked better one it maybe - can't say it was due to water or not but I took it hoping I noticed extra energy and I didn't. but it does taste very good.
Had a little bit of a kick but everybody liked it
valentines day very good
For those that give this product poor ratings, try adding a little salt and a sweetener. It makes a big difference! I made Chocolate covered Almond Butter eggs out of this for Easter. Yummy! I found the recipe on Pinterest. I added this to my regular Almond Butter in the recipe to cut down on the calories and fat. Amazing for those of us who are allergic to peanuts
This sauce was literally just bought from Walmart's website and sold for a higher price on Amazon. Like, not even bought and repackaged, it comes in a Walmart box.
Cocoa taste great and has no milk powder for those that are diary-sensitive, like myself. I just wish the containers were filled to the brim and not halfway.
Perfect little snack or when you need to warm up!
update - Tea Drops reached out to me and offered me a refund since I didn't like the tea. I added 3 more stars because of their great customer service. I would try other Tea Drops products, just not this one I made the tea exactly like the instructions and there was very little taste, even after adding the sweetened condensed milk. Also, this is green tea, Thai tea is usually a blend of black tea and other ingredients. I would not buy again.
The coffee tastes great not so sure about this whole Bulletproof thing... have not seen or noticed any changes. I eat super clean and it does curb my appetite in the morning but now extra energy or anything. I will give it a bit more time....
I love kitkats but it's not really what I expected it to be, the amount of quantity in it was dissatisfying, although I didn't do a total count. It maybe a little too pricy compared to the stores near me.
These were very tasty.
Sent timely. Was exactly the brand I was looking for.
Appreciated that the containers were recyclable. I did not like the flavors. This was my first time trying nutpods. Even though I did not particularly like the flavors, they did seem to be a good alternative to dairy creamer, but it would take some time to get use to.
Taste gooood! But a little expensive!
Bought them for an upcoming Whole 30 as emergency food. Had to buy a second batch because they are more popular around the house than expected! A little bland, but still tasty and pretty reasonable for Whole30 approved stuff which seems to get a big markup.
I will say this does Help with stiffness and pain. I do not like mixing and gulping it down, but it helps enough to stick with the regime. . I mix it in a shot of orange juice.
I have purchased several of the Weber seasons and love them all.
This can give you spontaneous diarrhea and not leave enough time to find a toilet. The multi layers seem to do that.
Expensive for quantity of kcups. Strong-ish as advertised. Not a great breakfast coffee for me as I like the first cup to be a bit milder. Flavor was ok. Tim Hortons is better.
as good as the normal version - lost a star because box arrived damaged.
Reasonably good licorice, but for more intense flavor and soft chewing I prefer Panda.
This is a great option if you're on a diet, 0 carbs 0 sugars. And they actually taste pretty good. I recommend a squeeze of lime in it to make it a little more like a fresh margarita. And they're very convenient because you can slip them in your purse and take them out to a social with your friends and just mix it in your drink.
Not your typical ranch flavor! I love the ingredients and the healthy taste! This was great on my steak salad and a side for pizza.
We use them in a trail mix recipe. I found that with this batch, I picked out the fresher ones.
I got these for a good deal on Subscribe and Save so bought them for staff gifts for my sons' school personnel this year, but they are tiny! About the size of a half-pint jam jar. Deciding not to use them for that, I opened one to eat and they are delicious! So I'm leaning toward using them again and just pairing them with more than a catchy saying on a gift tag.
Can't beat the price. Not as strong as other brands, though.
Good candy. A few of them were stale, but most of them were fine. The price is almost worth it.
They are way to big for what I was looking for. I wanted something smaller but not having to get a whole lot
Very tasty, follow the directions. I tried it without the parchment paper not a good idea
So far the only decaf low acid coffee with flavor!
I've been buying this brand for a while now, but I find the dark brown sugar to be inconsistent, as one of my last orders was kind of hard. And after opening it to use it, it got even harder, despite my efforts in storing it in an airtight container. Still a great sugar though, and I love that it's organic.
I ordered this product for my daughter's birthday party favor bags. They were delivered very quickly and were a great addition to the party favor bags. My only (semi) complaint is that there was not a wider variety of Pokemon. Regardless, great product. You can never go wrong with PEZ!
Great flavor but a bit pricey for peanuts.
I used it for a fruit fly infestation in my kitchen. It works fairly well, but not any more effectively than apple cider vinegar.
I'm not a ginger enthusiast but this is good stuff. I would like to see less sugar as I think it's a bit much, but I typically just brush each piece off liberally before consuming, and love it.
Good quality..decent size..priced reasonably..can in good order
Wanting more flavor that plain water offers I tried ZEVIA Black Cherry and Grape. I like the Grape a bit better only because Black Cherry is just a bit too sweet tasting but both are very good.
Great product, best when the turmeric latte is blended with a little bit of coconut oil and some extra cinnamon.
It's great ! White pepper is totally different in flavor . You use it with any white starchy meal
Expect to have multiple meals from this package.
Does a great job, long lasting clean smell. Would like to see packets a little bigger, so you don't have to use TWO per average wash.
Not crazy about the grinder, but the pepper is good quality.
We've recently run out of an 18-year aged traditional balsamic that we picked up from a small olive oil shop while in Colorado. When we priced a new bottle, it was twice the price of this bottle for 2/3 the amount of balsamic. So, we went looking for a cheaper alternative that was readily available via Amazon and stumbled across this one. We received our bottle today and immediately opened it so we could try it out. Our initial impression is that this balsamic is not quite as good as the previous bottle that we had. However, at 1/3 the price per mL, this balsamic is a very good deal and one that we will keep around for day to day use.
This lotion seems to work well on my baby. She has mild eczema. It has good texture and moisturizes the dry skin of her legs and arms. But I would need thicker cream for her eczema patches. I think it has strong artificial smell , even it states mildly fragrance. That could be the reason I won't buy it again.
Great taste! I hear this is a good price for this product when not living in the Philippines.
Great way to lower the proof and open up your Bourbon. Price is a little steep but I would buy again.
Not bad for a low-carb bread. It toasts fairly well and is great with some cream cheese and everything bagel seasoning. I tried it with just butter and it was like cardboard...it needs to be a vehicle for something or else it is flavorless. I prefer the bagels from this brand, but they are $7+ for shipping and the bread is free/prime. Definitely worth a try if you are following a low-carb/keto diet.
Lovely as usual, I needed it lightly salted, but really enjoyed the flavor and crunchiness Will definitely order again
It was pretty good, a little too hot
Not the fault of the sender I just didn't like the candy bar
Food Alive Nutritional Yeast I have only used a few times. The only comparison I can make is with the NOW brand that I have used prior. NOW is fortified and as you know Food Alive isn't for that reason I chose this brand. I haven't seen a big difference in flavor between the two but like I said I haven't used it that much or at least in dishes that need to taste very cheesy.
A favorite flavor of mine. Exactly as described.
I got these in Kansas City's 100+ degree weather. I thought they may come melted but they came in perfect condition!
It's a very tasty non sugar ketchup. I have bought it multiple times now!
Pili nuts are my favorite low carb nuts but they are very EXPENSIVE!
Tastes maybe more of a caramel, but it certainly has the toasted marshmallow scent to it.
This a a decent decaf best brewed in a French press. It's a coarse grind making it unsuitable for pour over. Using the pour over with this makes it weak and flavorless. I drink it with half and half and a splash of flavored syrup. Great price as well. It is rich in flavor using the French press only.
I enjoy it since it's the strongest of the varities without an overpowering bitterness.
Hi, the box is supposed to include 100 tea bags, however, this time it only counts to 98. This is the first time that happened, and mistake can happen I understand. Will you send me 102 tea bags in my next order? 🙂
They are cute. SO TINY but cute! Fun for a little gift but even smaller than I imagined.
Everyone's reviews are accurate and valid. This is nothing spectacular and likely works best when used with other trap methods. Unless you live by yourself the container is a serious tip hazard. I set it in three different spots in my kitchen, eventually settling on sitting it right smack in the middle of our fruit bowl. The surrounding fruit stabilized the bottle and given it's prominent location was much less likely to get knocked over. I would not buy it again, but it does work. It just won't catch ALL the flies. :-)
not the same as bisquick but good low carb substitute
It is totally delish
not quite as good as the silver mints I had as a kid but pretty close
I bout 3lb for this bean. I did medium roasting ( i stopped roasting during the first crack because i don't like a dark roasting) with this bean. I pour over a day after (for degassing) the roasting with chemex and the taste feature is very citrus and clean.(maybe becuase of chemex filter) I don't taste any bitterness and i think it has a medium body. good to try it.
Luckily I am still a non-smoker despite the new frustrating packaging. Ugh! Why the need to make things more complicated.
Husband was purchasing from militarily grocery store because that was the only place he could find this brand but they only carried the small size. So finding these on Amazon was a thrill for him because the container is larger.
Good flavor. The 1 to 1 ratio is right, but it tastes like dark brown sugar. So, unless you're ok with that in your coffee, this may not be for you. However, it's great for baking.
They were cute. Used them for an adult birthday party. Brought back memories for a lot of us.
So I love Anthony's and have ordered it a handful of times to be consumed at work or in the morning. The quality is great. The premise is awesome. Love the non-GMO and Organic qualities too. The problem that I have is the marketing of where this coffee comes from. "Latin America" is a pretty insensitive term in 2019, and also tells the consumer just about nothing regarding where the coffee comes from. The coffees in any of the countries south of the USA are very wide-ranging. Even if it's a blend from multiple countries, which I imagine all consumers of this stuff would be fine with, it would be a lot more respectful and appropriate to list the countries the coffee is coming from, rather than just saying "Latin America." Hopefully the team at Anthony's reads this and can consider making the change in wording--it probably wouldn't be that difficult to do!
My favorite decaf. I cannot find this in Hawaii, but found it on Amazon! Today was the first time my pod leaked the grounds into my coffee :)
If you are on a diet these are great! They are filling, sweet and delicious. They do have a bit of a strange lingering aftertaste but it's worth it to me since they cure my sweet tooth. I think they are a nice size and the sugar or monk fruit or whatever is sprinkled on top really gives them a nice little crunch. I hope the other flavors are as good as the tangerine! Took away one star bc of the weird aftertaste but honestly it isn't that bad.
The smell is amazing but it doesn't taste like anything at all! Maybe that's a good thing! I just like tea in general and wanted to try it! Great for the price. It's a lot in the bag! It's full the top! Like I said it smells amazing but didn't taste like anything.
I love craisins and glad ro see they come in a lower sugar version
Product is fine but there are no reward codes under the caps as opposed to the ones you buy at any other retailer.
Different in a good kind of way. To be used in several ways, with satisfactory results. 4 Stars.
Sorry but just not what I was looking forward to or expecting flavor wise.
Great stuff and so convenient but I hate the fake sugary taste. would far prefer sour or the real thing to chemical sweetener
I like it but is too much oily on it.
This one is a little sweet for me. I dunk pretzels in it not bad then with the saltiness of the pretzels.
This is my second bottle of the maple syrup. My daughter really enjoys it. However this bottle can with a twist cap while my fist came with a flip lid to our. That was soo much easier for quantities dispersement!
This drink gave me more energy than I've ever had, and I had the most amazing workout after I drank my first can. Unfortunately, the drink did make me jittery and anxious. I am going to try to drink half of a can until my body gets used to the energy. If you have anxiety, be careful drinking Celcius.
I bought these to use in my Fudge Brownie Pie instead of the semi-sweet chocolate chips. I wanted to make a Cherry Chocolate Fudge Brownie Pie. Interesting spin on the recipe. I like it. Nice cherry fudge chocolate taste. Also, the chips dont melt, so you have a nice crunch of the chips in the pie.They are definitely cherry flavored and do smell wonderful. I will also try on top of my plain Greek yogurt - should be good!
the flavor is very good just not happy with the bulk to hard to store
Good Cold Brew. A little expensive though for small package.
Luv the flavor of the toffee. A but a bit hard crunch
Tasty, but not quite as good as I remember it on homemade biscuits at my Aunt Jessie's house. Nice on toast and not as sweet as honey.
This was really nice and sturdy. Some of the rhinestones had fallen off. Had to stick them on with clear fingernail polish.
This vanilla isn't any better than the vanilla I get from my natural foods coop. Kind of pricey.
Item was delivered on time and packaged nicely. The Kava tea itself is peaceful and relaxing, I sleep amazingly well after having a cup before bed. It magically puts you in a state of relaxation and awareness. Only reason it is four stars is because this particular brand has a little too heavy of a licorice taste for me but that's just a personal preference.
These are hard to find in the markets these days - they are marinated in olive oil, not vinegar, do try them... excellent in Italian & Spanish dishes - very spicy with unique flavor like youve never had.
Would Recommend I bought this for our Ferrets as a treat. It makes a very good P&J sandwich.
Chunks I received was as close to authentic as can be without being handed it directly at base camp. Everything that should have been in the meal was in the meal. Inspection date was spot on. As for the meal it self well...it's standard chicken chunks like from a can. Buffalo sauce that came with was good. Bought the chicken chunks because it was the cheapest and wanted to relive a memory. Only reason for 4 stars is because of price but that isn't the fault of the seller. Other websites are near this (now) standard price for a single.
These taste good and are a little healthier then other brands. I enjoy the small packs to take to work as a snack.
Everything was good but the gummy bears were super hard and lifesaver gummy's only a few.
The Agave is of very good quality. I've stuck to this brand for years. Sadly, it arrives more or less in an envelope & so, a portion of the syrup is lost in the packaging. Would I buy it again? Definitely yes! Will I keep at asking Amazon to package it better? Definite YES to! On the whole, for those who love Agave syrup, this is a very good brand.
good way to try new products
These are pretty good. They are running out fast but taste pretty darn nice. Not the best but solid :)
Convient, soft and tasty. Pop it into the microwave for 10 seconds and top it with ice cream for a quick delicious dessert
It has a good flavor but I didn't think it was strong enough.
I love this product BUT not from amazon because they ship it in a plastic bottle. When i buy at the grocery store it comes in glass, which i much more prefer
I was excited to order this up and switch from a chain brand that I would drink daily, I order the '*grande-r*' size, love the variety of flavor. In the description 12.7 oz. Variety pack, as you can see the I recieved 7oz. I'll go through these cans rather easily. Great taste worth trying if your in search of a nitro buzz. -j-
Little expensive but you do get a lot. Good!
Love the taste! However, I gave 4 stars b/c each wrap was broken in one or multiple ways upon arrival. This made wrapping food difficult...but I so appreciate the quality ingredients and the taste!
Worth the price, rich color, sweet. If you are reducing, eliminating sugar, this is not for you. If you can indulge, this is delicious but I can only have a little at a time. Having said that, 1/2 the jar is finished a few days in....
I love this drink! It's only 2 Weight Watchers Smart Points and has 26 grams of protein and only 1 gram of sugar. Very tasty and rich chocolate, with no aftertaste. However, the item is quite pricey. Would love to see a reduction in price to better fit my budget!
Rounded smell and nice fine powder. As expected. Lots for the money spent. Happy with purchase... Oh and it tastes good too
I bought this as I am trying to wean off too much sugar. Although it's all natural I'm not 100% convinced it's any better for me than unrefined sugar products. That said, it works well in all the places you might need sugar for, and particularly well in ice cream as it's already liquid. Nice in a chai latte and similar drinks too, it adds just a hint of date favor which goes well. I feel more virtuous using it too ;-)
needed it so worth it
Why is such good flavoring hard to find! Well no more! Excellent!! Right up there next to Watkins which seems overly expensive anymore and i love the bigger bottle and the flavor is top notch!' Love how affordable 1 bottle is! My new go to brand!!
Perfect gift for college student.
This is so great on garden fresh veggies. Thank you for your quick service
I add this to my smoothies! It doesn't negatively affect the texture or taste at all. I highly recommend it!
One of my favorite snacks, excellent way to control portions! At a great price too!
Pistachio Lovers Mix has the perfect mix of nuts. However, the last container I purchased in April 2019 had a few stale pistachios. They had a bitter taste. The other nuts were perfect though. I'll keep ordering!
product 2 days early, and is an excellent coffee. ENJOY
Great price and lightly roasted for easy eating
Easy to get the right amount of honey for a perfect cup of tea. Tasty.
Bought this for my moms and she was pretty happy when she called me about it! She said it looked beautiful and tasted delish!
Exactly what I ordered
Sent this instead of a traditional Easter basket and totally exceeded my expectations, health conscious girlfriend loved it and there was a rubber bunny her poodle loves!
Pleasantly surprised. Great price, great packaging, great, healthy little plant!
Bought this as a gift.
use this on my fruit and always love it
Met all expectations. Would buy again from this vendor
I love this brand of ghost peppers. They are the whole chili- so I just grind them to make powder for my cooking. They have the best flavor and heat level of any ghost pepper powders I have tried. A tiny bit goes a long way! Will continue to use these!
I ordered a pound just to try them, and when they arrived, they were nice and soft, and bursting with flavor. I liked them so much, I ordered again but this time got the three pound size. They come in a zip type foil bag so there's no need to repackage when they arrive. Highly recommended.
This would make a great gift for your tea loving friends. Great taste! Also good packaging!
Reminds me of maple syrup in some strange way - but I love this in my drinks! Of course, you only use a drizzle - but I cannot wait to use it in other dishes!!
Sauce is perfect,a flavor I had been looking for ever,it arrived quick,there is nothing I didn't like about this Item.very pleased,thank you
They arrived way sooner than expected. ALL packaged so wonderfully! All products should have this quality of packaging! Also all creamy! I love in Cleveland Ohio... which is sooo dang cold during winter!
It's hard to find great tasting peanuts that aren't burned these are consistent and delicious
This was my first time buying vanilla beans but was very surprised with how good they smelled even through the packaging. One of these was plenty to make a syrup with great flavor!
Delicious honey in a small, easy to open packet!! It's the perfect amount of honey for use in tea or for right before a vocal performance/lesson!
Usually buy the Cranberry Almond Thins, but the Mano Coconut are really good. Filling, crunchy and satisfying.
we used these over the weekend to make so many different colors of slime. The colors came out vibrant and didn't fade.
I have been buying this brand for about 6 months and I love it - chocolate of course. I have it for breakfast and lunch I originally found the shake to be too watery...so to solve that issue and make it thicker, I add a tablespoon of chia seeds to 10oz of water, 2 scoops of powder, mix with blender and then put in freezer for 15 minutes. The chia seeds absorb the liquid and turn this into a thicker shake. I cannot have it any other way. Chia seeds contain more omega-3s than salmon, and Omega-3 fatty acids help raise HDL cholesterol, the "good" cholesterol that protects against heart attack and stroke. . Enjoy!!!
Perfect product for adding fiber to baked goods.
Takes care of my sugar cravings and really tastes good.
Great product for home use
This beer dispenser is so AWESOME!!! Bought it for my hubby as he is constantly saying "you never think about me". It gives him something fun to do when he wants a cold beer! Glad I made his day!
Perfect!! Fresh and delectable. As good or better than any other brands I have tried
Ranch with no dairy! And it tastes just like ranch! YAY!
Loved it works great, highly recommend!
Great chocolate flavor without the added sugar. Only complaint is shipping takes a while
Very hot and with a touch of sweetness I love it.
These help a sick stomach a LOT! My dad has chronic pancreatitis and is very often (daily) nauseous. This is a must-have in our house.
I love tobacco. The only thing was it leaked a lot
I do like lemon and this product is delicious 😋 thank you 😊
I love the flavor of this coffee and it came on time.
My favorite morning tea!! But a little pricey..
I love these so much. The texture is so perfect. It has the chewiness of taffy without being sticky!! The flavors are amazing, and are natural fruit flavors, not weird artificial tasting at all. I love grape flavor the best!
I make these just like oatmeal for breakfast. Love it! Tastes good when I make it with my home made milk instead of water. Just wish they came in a bigger size.
My favorite drinking water.
I love this bread mix. The shipping cost is way too high.
My box arrived with no damage. Only one bar broken in half, not crumbled. My family loves toffee, but I purchased in bulk for Easter baskets with leftovers for snacks for my grandson. Didn't taste stale to us.
These wafers are wonderful. We have some people in our congregation who are gluten intolerant so these work out well with our communion trays.
Hard to find popcorn with out butter and I am non-dairy, so that's important. This popcorn is my favorite and i have gotten several others attached too....but note that my husband says it smells like fruit loops when I pop it.
My wife loved these flowers she said and I quote "They look great. Should be nice and open for my birthday. Lillie's were completely closed when they were delivered. The roses are two toned white and pink and absolutely gorgeous. These are easily my favorite shipped flowers." . If she is happy so am I....
Great product. The scent is amazing.
I love having these in the pantry for whenever I have a snack attack.
I have been taking lecithin for many years, because I believe it can help to maintain the brain and skin health. I have been purchasing lecithin from different health-food companies in the past many years. I have concluded that the best product of lecithin is from “Now Foods.” Here I sincerely recommend the New Foods Lecithin Granules to all health-food users.
Yum Yum Yum! I was nervous to buy this based on other reviews, but I was desperate to get my hazelnut creamer back! So glad I took the risk. It is very sweet! I put 3 tbsp in to 24 oz of coffee perfect combo. Takes a bit of balancing. I will be purchasing again, and again.
Delivered on time. Good product. As good as it used to be back home in Nepal.
I got this to help make sourdough...I know this is good because it's a brand you can really trust
For the benefits it provides in being pure
Looked super cute on the cake pops I made for New Years. Works well and they taste like nothing.
i may not order as many in future as they are very addictive lol
Perfect for making bacon!
I'm a seed addict. My favorite brand was always David s Low Sodium, but they are hard to find. I tried these and they are my new go-to. They don't claim to be 'low-sodium' but they definitely have lower sodium than regular seeds. I think they even have less than the low sodium in the other brands.
Great for Minion birthday party treats
In my bread making experience, I am learning the absolute value of success or failure is the yeast quality. This yeast is fantastic.
Just as described, fast shipping!!!
Whew! This stuff is strong and might make you tear up, but it does the trick at kicking out a cold and totally clears your congestion/sinuses. My husband can not handle spicy things well, so he had a hard time getting it down; but he did tell me it worked like a miracle for him to get rid of his cold.
Taste like wax, better from store..
Tasty snack for long hikes or traveling. A great way to have protein and gain energy.
I especially liked the flip top, you don't need a pourer spout and it closes securely!
Sure it's not healthy, sure it's high in sugar and sodium, sure it's more like beef candy than beef jerky, but DANG IT'S JUST SO GOOD!!! Once you have this you'll not be able to eat other jerky!
My local stores stopped carrying this product so I was forced to purchase it on line. It is way too expensive for both the product and shipping.
Swanson makes a great gravy. We use is in our cooking a lot.
This is one of my favorite coffees for k-cups, alway good, not overly roasted
Great flavor. Nutritional info meets my Keto macro requirements. Plus... it's just good! Also I needed more fiber in my Keto diet.
If you are a soup maker order some
I have used it for years to thicken my home made Yogurt and it works really well. When I switched to a cheaper brand, I was disappointed. So I am sticking with 'Great lakes' from now on.
Its Godiva and its really good as usual. It was gone in a week.....
Delicious well made product. Very happy with this product.
Great coffee. Just wish it made an 8 oz cup not 6 oz
Got for wedding hotel bags & were perfect
These crackers have saved my salads! I follow a strict AIP diet and these crackers have made it so much easier. They do need to be toasted before eating. I toast them in a toaster over but you can also do it on the stove top. I personally prefer them on the more toasted side. They do dissolve pretty quickly so I wouldn't recommend them in a soup. Very good! Highly recommend!
Fun candy to eat and is one of my wifes favs!! I like em too...
My son and daughter in law loved the variety. A fun surprise for them over the holidays.
This candy is Heavenly. If you love coconut you will fight for the last one.
Cans were not damaged and it arrived on time. Always enjoy buying my redbull from amazon.
I havent bought any other brand since purchasing
These are delicious!
Love this stuff! It's really yummy!
Gum is already fun, but with the added emojis this gum is extra fun. This gum is like normal gum that you would get out of a gum machine, but individually packaged.
This is a filling cereal and taste good without any sugar being added, just a little milk and it is ready to eat. All 8 of my grandchildren love this cereal. It's the best!
For rides after work, for extra long rides, things of that nature, the single-serve packs of Skratch hydration work great for me. Less mess, too. As for the hydration mix, I really like the orange flavor, and it's the drink that works for me on long rides.
This is the first product to stop our leg cramps.. period.
Best beets ever, but will not order again, find it cheaper somewhere else.
My dog's favorite treat. Was hard to find.
Granddaughter wanted them.
Obsessed with these dates!
Got a refund because product was damaged.
The quinoa was wonderful. Very delicious, great price and didn't even have any little stones. I am going to order this again and again.
I like everything about these snacks.
Product was delivered fresh and well-packaged. Five star all the way.
Theses are delicious and perfect if you are on Weight Watchers.
This candy came quicly and was fresh (not melted). I used it to fill piñatas for a celebration. Perfecto! Thank you!
It works better than any other lip balm I've tried. Fast, tasteless, effective healing
After trying different miso soups, this one turned out to be our favourite. Quality is excellent and flavour is great no matter how much water you mix it with.
Love it being using for years
Great combination of candy! The office loved it!!
Thanks and great job. Gr8 seller.
Impressive quality and freshness. Far from what I expected.
I initially purchased one box from another vendor - I brought it out of town with me and shared with friends. After one cup, I checked out Amazon and sure enough, they had a four-pack and I immediately ordered it. (Because I knew my friends would want to keep the box I brought!) This tea is rich and hearty - can you say that about tea? I'm not a coffee drinker, but my friends who are loved this non-caffeinated option. I loved the fact that I could brew it, add some sweetener and cream - and sip it like a warm dessert. I also love the fact that it's not only good - it's good for me. Bonus! (Warning - it has a probiotic element to it that works!)
I had pretty bad morning sickness of the first half of my pregnancy, but these were easy to keep down.
This was awesome but they are a tad bit too lemony.
This is my very favorite brand of tea. It is difficult to find around me. glad I can purchase it on line. So many flavors to pick from and hope to try them all at sometime. :))))
My husband loves this line of coffees. He enjoys a medium to strong roast and this has been one of his favorites.
thank you for the quick shipping. I look forward to giving this coffee for a present.
Really, delicious is really all that matters with this product, right? Well, it surely is.
That you ship 80 k cups not 100 or 120 in a box.
This is a convenient way for me to shop as I am handicapped and can not always get to the store and the grocery store does not always have this item.
If you want to find out what a burnt toast shake taste like, order the cafe mocha. The only way I could down that flavor was with some instant coffee sprinkled in it to hide the burnt taste. On the other hand, the Cacao flavor is sublime. Seriously, order the cacao one.
Love this blend strong and tasty with a great buzz factor
This stuff is great!!!
Great taste, not just hot. We use these on practically everything.
He's been X work perfect for our popcorn at school! The kids love popcorn Fridays!
AWESOME PRODUCT HIGHLY RECOMMEND
Great taste, Amazing Smell, and just great.
Just what I've been looking for. I baked brownies using 1:1 substitute for wheat flour and there were no disappointments.
This is the best sweetener I have found. Tried all types of dry sweeteners but don't like the taste in my mouth. Will recommend this to others looking for a sugar substitute.
Delicious on meats, poultry, seafood, gumbo and just about any dish!
These were the freshest walnuts I could have hoped for. Large full halves that roast up deliciously. Great flavor.
This gave me exactly what I wanted. No hulls...no spitting out kernels...just eating and enjoying that Carmel corn goodness. I will be ordering again. The Bible verse on the back is also a huge plus. All in all great product.
I bought this to go with my new Peru cookbook and while I don't know how it's supposed to taste, my personal opinion is that it is delicious! I now add it to many of my regular meals for depth of flavor.
Plants arrived in excellent condition and well packaged to survive transit. The selection is very nice and includes a mixture of small to medium sized air plants.
Really good , tasty, great price, fast delivery.
Fun to pass out this candy to adults!
Good tasting. Not too strong.
Excellent quality & benefit. Would buy again & recommend to a friend.
great! taste good too
WONDERFUL! CLEAN & VERY WELL PACKED THANK YOU RENEE
The only decaf coffee that I had bought that has a spanish flavor.
Delicious. I was going to make my own until I saw The Date Lady Syrup, Organic. Great tasting so no need to make my own. Thank you , will definitely be ordering more.
So far have used for a shrimp dish and it added great flavor to the seafood.
Looks great. Haven't tried it yet but sounds delicious and looks like no additives :)
EXCELLENT!!!! Very fresh. Will buy again. Thank you
Sent this in a “gift delivery” for a grieving friend. Perfect that Amazon can help you cater and tailor a gift box with specialized items for people in seasons of need.
Love love ....perfect for my daughter party bags
This instant coffee has changed my snobby ways.
Taste is better, works better and cheaper than 5 hour energy!
These are softer than the other brand that's out there, very good and I love the flavors mango, orange, original, peppermint and peanut butter.
Excellent all around seasoning.....love it on everything I make.
A+++ fast shipping, exactly as described!
My Mom uses this for her arthritic knees and says it really helps
Great flavor. You must have a temperature gauge and/or make sure your water is not too hot or it will be bitter.
Good deal -- fine quality, pours better than most brands. Prompt delivery, keeps indefinitely.
Who doesn't like black crows..?? I think uou know if you don't like these. You wouldn't buy them. Very large box. Be prepared too share some.
I can not take this as is in water or just juice. So I add it to my smoothie and can not taste it.. Good for my health
This product is as described. I liked.
1 box was crushed but edible. Very tasty.
Good product,fair price!
These are really fresh and salted just right. Very tender too.
These are fantastic! Found them to really help maintain cravings while on the keto diet.
OMG! I've made multiple recipes using this! and it has been amazing! I'm never going back to sugar again! it has made keto 10x better!
These are delicious lollipops!!!
As expected and convenient.
very good! delicious
I bought this mostly for a homemade natural deodorant recipe. I will use it for other things as well, but so far, only deodorant. This worked very well for me in the one recipe, but I am planning to use it for bath bombs as well when I have the time to make those. Great price for the quantity and great success so far!
My Sweetheart loves this brand and this was a great buy and I like the size! Perfect!
This is my favorite sport drink. Tastes good and it's gentle on my stomach. I really like some of the other flavors but seeds get stuck in my Klean Kanteen sport cap so I stick to this one.
I have replaced using sugar in baking recipes and they taste delicious with this coconut palm sugar. It makes a delicious banana bread.
We love these sesame milks. We were nervous to taste them since sesame often has a bitter nutty taste but not these products. If someone gave us a taste test and covered our eyes - we would never know the difference. There is no after taste and each one is creamy and delicious. We love they are plant-based and we're not only getting extra protein but they're ethical and good for the environment. While we continue to use them in our cereal, we had a taste for ice cream so we tried the chocolate in our ice cream maker. It was so good. Our kids had no idea it was not regular milk and practically licked their bowls clean. I was worried about the consistency but after 15 minutes in the mixer, you can see above it came out thick and rich. It was so tasty. Today we warmed up the leftover chocolate in the microwave for hot chocolate. The consistency stayed the same. If you are looking for an alternative to milk and don't want to consume dairy or lactose - this is the right option. We never have been a fan of soy, almond or oat milk so happy to find a nondairy alternative that's good.
The first batch came out not super thick, but after making a few batches of yogurt from the previous back, it's coming nice and thick, even with 2% milk. The instructions were good. I will buy this again.
Simply delicious, will order many times!
Just as pictured. Prompt delivery. Yummmm
Just like we buy in the store, just in a much larger capacity. Very good
Cute images! Perfect for birthday party! Exactly what I was looking for.
I bought these for my mom and she has always loved the brand! So excited to see that this came in a multi-pack!
Love these. Great and fast to grab in the morning with coffee.
I ate 11 of them the first day. So many great flavors, helped me to not bite my nails.
Great on steaks and ... well... everything! mmmmm!!!
Barney PARIS black tea. I drink it hot or iced, but prefer it hot.
My mom absolutely loves this vanilla, she loves to bake and this is one of her newest flavor ingredients.
We put this sh*t on everything! It's seriously the best marinade. Steak, chicken, fish, stir fry and anything else that needs a sauce. Its so Good.
Received a sample of this coffee on a pick up grocery order at Walmart. Was extremely surprised with the flavor. So glad Amazon has this for offer on subscribe and save. It's now our go to daily coffee. The house smells amazing in the morning while it's brewing. Taste is smooth no bitterness almost a nutty flavor. Well done Folgers!
Excellent product would buy again
Great deal on organic turmeric powder.
I love that this has a combo of fruit and nuts. It's nicely boxed and the nuts are wrapped separately in the container so they don't spill or get mixed in with the fruits. The fruits themselves are still soft and chewy, enough that my toddler can eat them too. Everything tastes just as it should, subtly sweet. I've never had dried pineapples but they are very sweet and have no tartness, very nice. The pistachios are lightly salted, full of flavor and crack open easily. The almonds are big and flavorful as well. We sat this out for Thanksgiving and it was almost gone by that evening.
This sauce is really, really good. It's very close to homemade. It's thick and sticks well to your good.
Aside from privately made beef jerky i used to get in up state New York, this is the darn jerky on the bloody planet. Goes exceptionally well with a dry Vodka martini.
Great smell and tasting tea. Love the box too.
Oh yea, grandkids are happy
I was introduced to these while in North Dakota. Wish I could find them on the East Coast (Baltimore, Md).
good quality! I plan to order it again.
This coffee was so much better than I expected! I'm super picky about my coffee but have had to alter what I drink for some stomach issues. This coffee tastes wonderful! Full body nutty flavors. Will be a regular buyer!
Worth buying if you go through a lot of this in your house
I love this stuff. Product is as expected.
Love spicy food and, this is just the right amt of kick. Will buy again. However, almost your daily recommended for sodium- FYI.
Excellent product and healthy source of omegas!
I love this product but the price has gone up significantly. For an instant coffee it's pricey, but oh so delicious.
Great water. Wife LOVES this stuff.
great product, good price
Super hot with great flavor.
Really great coffee, better than Starbucks
Great product at a very good price point. Will definitely buy again
I liked the variety of flavors of juice this product had to offer. My children did not get bored with the same juice every morning. The size of the bottles were perfect as there was just the right amount inside. The quality and flavor of the juice was also very good, I would recommend this product to others.
This stuff is hard to find and a crucial ingredient in one of my favorite salads. So happy to find this on Amazon
Came on time nicely boxed and delicious. Would definitely buy it again.
Finally . . . a great deodorant! Won't use certain chemically products and since discovering this one, won't have to make my own any more!
Interesting product. Water tastes great. I like the packaging
Great on ice cream too.
I have been buying these candies for years and years, and now it is so convenient to buy them online. Great flavors. Love that the cinnamon has a "little burn" to it.
I heard about this coffee from a friend. I'm typically a fan of instant coffee because of how quick and simple it is to make - I don't take the time to brew the good stuff. Now I don't have to compromise. This stuff tastes high quality and has robust flavor, and takes no time at all. I'm sold.
I love Nutella for the flavor and versatility, but it is an expensive product for how quickly you will go through it!
Best key lime flavored out there. I have ordered them a couple times - and will again - and leave them on my desk for everyone that stops by and they ALL love them.
I was looking for an Italian candy and These were fresh, the hard outside and the fruity filling took us all back to when we were younger. The delivery was timely, the product great. Will buy more.
Good flavor variety and came fresh in a sealed bag. Chocolate was intact even with the warm Florida heat.
Delicious. Buy them, but somewhere else...over priced on amazon, but I still give five stars because; well...SWEDISH FISH!
I make this pizza every Friday. It's easy, healthy and taste great. You can also make just bread where you cook it 11 minutes on 450 degrees. Put it in the toaster, put some butter and cheese on it. Perfect Paleo food.
So, I don't consider myself a hot sauce fanatic by any stretch, but I do use hot sauce daily and enjoy spicy foods regularly. I saw a video on these and thought how I'd love to give them a try, as I love ramen. Well, all you need to know about the heat level you can garner from just looking at the cartoon chicken character holding a bomb and breathing fire on the package. Hot. Molten hot. I added cheese to mine, and even though it cut through some of the heat, I had to chicken out and drink milk along with it. My face flushed bright red. My ears popped. Runny nose, teary eyes, swollen lips. The whole nine yards. The heat is intense, it took me for a ride, but a very tasty one indeed. The after affects last about 20 minutes, then you return to normal. I LOVED these. My husband ate one with me, though his heat tolerance is higher than mine and needed no milk to soothe his scorched tongue. How I envy him. Will order again!
Very Hot, fruity and flavorful. A must have.
For a even better treat — put these in the refrigerator. Absolutely delicious.
I really enjoy this coffee. I love that the smell and taste match. You can taste a true nut flavor in this coffee. I add a little southern pecan creamer to it as well ...yummy
Tasted good but was expensive
As celiacs know it's very hard to find truly gluten-free nuts with no cross-contamination, I tested these using the NIMA gluten sensor and it came back completely negative for gluten so enjoy!
Treat great the price not good for price because u and good to local store for less. But the favor not availability
I usually add coffee concentrate to my morning smoothie. My regular brand was out of stock, so I tried this one. I love everything about it; the flavor, the fact that it's a small company, the fact that it's ethically sourced, and the price. I'm sticking with this one.
Best spot and grease removal I have ever used.
I grinded mine up in a coffee grinder and made a powder. Now I can add flavorful capsaicin to anything I want. It's dried ghost peppers - as advertised. If you are making a hot sauce with these I recommend fresh not dried but it'll do the job.
they taste good and hit the spot!!!!!
This plant came packaged so nicely! the vase was wrapped in bubble wrap so there was no damages. The actual bamboo plant came with a jelly around the roots, in a bag so it stayed fresh! I just followed the instructions and it's beautiful! Just make sure you have a few pebbles or something small to help it stand up, it won't stand on its own in the vase! Beautiful!
I have tried several brands of sweet chili sauce and this is the best by far. Our local grocer stopped carrying it and I am pleased to be able to order it. Delivery was fast and product was well packed.
Taste great! The price to quality ratio is amazing!
Easy to use, cuts the hunger, helps with energy, tasted great
I usually like to use unrefined coconut oil, but when it comes to cooking my husband won't go for using anything that actually smells or tastes like coconut. This is a happy compromise. No smell. No taste. Just good benefits.
I saw one of these pieces at work one day and had to try them. They're so delicious and smooth. The green tea taste isn't overwhelming either.
Good quality oil. We completely use coconut oil for cooking and we buy in bulk from costco. This time I was looking for smaller bottle to ease to carry during travel and I found this one it's Same quality as Costco but in smaller version. Cost is high abit but remaining everything good
My family and I have used this seasoning for years. Goes great on almost anything from steaks to soups. Can't go wrong with Everglades.
VERY good. I would buy Again
I wanted to bake a stollen for Christmas and went everywhere for the last ingredients - candied lemon and orange peel. I was amazed and delighted to find these items offered on Amazon. My order arrived quickly and the candied peel was a good quality. The only thing I would change is the amount in each container; I would have preferred a smaller size which was not available. I hope it freezes well!
Excellent product. We will be ordering in the future.
So good - everyone who's tried them becomes a fan!
Just what I was looking for- it was hard to find an actual Mac mix. There are lots of options for just the cheese powder, but this one has the rest of the ingredients too. Purchased this one multiple times.
great Taste, I was a little worried with the other reviews. But I like it, it's alil sweeter then traditional eel sauce but not over powering. The only negative I have is that it's more on the runny side.
Best coconut water I've had! Excellent taste. Very refreshing and rehydrating after a run. Or a late night out :)
Very, very affordable and the taste is as good as Starbucks.
Great Ramen for everyday cooking. You can make many different dishes with these noodles, besides regular ramen, such as sesame noodles.
It's a giant, very cheap bag of baking soda...what's not to like? I usually add half a cup to my laundry to get clothes smelling fresher, and this works perfectly for that purpose.
We fell in love with these in Hawaii. Sweet, crispy and buttery in just the right combination. So happy we can order on Amazon
The nuts were delicious and I will order again!!
EVERYONE LOVES THEM!!
they taste great .and is a very good value ...thank you
All the flavors are delicious and have a healthy taste. Incredibly fresh! Love em..
These are handy for the office or at home for a quick treat.
Item hard to fine in stores. Been eating them for years. Keeping a stash now! Lol!
Hard to find locally, easier to just buy on line.
These noodles have almost no calories, no carbs, and are ready to eat in one minute. They give me a nice filled feeling. They don't have any flavor on their own, but like all noodles, you should put something on them. I do not notice any objectionable scent or flavor that some other reviewers have mentioned.
Good coffee! Could always be less expensive.
They are expensive but the kids love them.
Ordered this for my son away at school and he loved it. Plenty of snacks for him and his friends to munch on!!
What I was hoping for
Great taste with large nuts.
After trying and abandoning other brands, where the quality and taste decreased, and there was mold, I found these. Definitely expensive, but very good. My son likes them a lot.
This nut butter is heavenly. I mean just wonderful. I have just tried it for the first time and can tell you that it is worth the price to get it. I put some on a pancake and I'm in flavor heaven.
I absolutely love this flavor! I have it every single morning and recently set up an amazon subscription for this item.
I recently started making yogurt in my Instant Pot. (SO EASY!) I first tried the method that calls for 2 tbsp. of plain, high-quality, store bought yogurt. My rural grocery store doesn't even carry a plain yogurt, so I got as close as possible. (Hence the inspiration to make my own.) I feel a lot better about the quality of my yogurt using this product. I used this culture with whole milk and didn't even strain it. I plan to give the traditional culture a try in the near future!
This is great stuff!! Spectacular. 2nd jar!
Very nice pecans. Every nut is perfect and there are very few broken pieces. I placed into 1 pound vacuum bags for long term storage.
These are so good. I'm white chocolate peppermint fanatic , must be why I love the holiday season so much haha not for the gifts but for my holiday kisses candies 😊
It is yummy blended with ice and some coffee cold brew coffee.
Great taste! My son's favorite from their assorted box.
I had this tea at a friend's home and loved. I went home immediately and ordered myself a box.
This has become one of the two favorites - this specific decaf plus Starbucks decaf. That is all you will find in our pantry.
This is my favorite nut butter!
New favorite flavor... always preferred the orange in the past but the cranberry lemon is delicious. Nice little pick me up...
Awesome is the word!!
Cute container. May non-coffee drinkers love it!!! They now have a cup when the rest of us have coffee. Great for an afternoon pick me up too!
I use this all the time and also Manuka Honey. This is raw and unfiltered which is why it is so good. We use it in everything especially hot tea, which we drink a lot of.
Best Kosher salt I have found. Works great for cures & for medicinal purposes, e.g. nasal & eye washes.
Very good smelling spice. Went great in my recipe.
We don't even like BBQ that much but we use this on so many things! This keto friendly sauce is now a keeper in our house!
great taste and less calories can't fins this in the store anymore
This product is amazing. Taste is great. Jus a little pricey. But they are worth it.
It was exactly as described and arrived on time
Deadlifting an easy 800 lbs now. Seriously, it's a great tasting tea. Good alternative to another cup of coffee. Smells good and tastes better.
Sooooo tasty, you must try this one. Another quality Asian product that I can't find in my local markets that I was able to find on Amazon. Thanks Amazon!!! Is it any wonder that Amazon is taking over the world...so dependable and customer oriented!!!
These are great tasting. Fresh cheaper than the stores if you can find them. Same price as ordering from the company directly
This stuff is great! It arrived quickly, too. I've slathered it on my face every day since it arrived and I can tell that my skin is softer. I have yet to try it on my hair, but I'm eager to do so. I'm so glad that I ordered this jar of coconut oil!
Gum is good, little small so usually have two pieces
Bought as a gift for my daughter and she said it was AMAZING!!❤
Pretty good stuff. Don't like the stronger brews.
Excellent seller. Delicious chicken curry paste for a quick and easy to prepare chicken curry, and it was shipped very fast.
No ragrets. Very noms.
I like this apricot and ordered this product several times already. They are tasty, nice texture
Omg!!! Love these!!! The only bad thing about them is I eat the whole box in one sitting-lol!
They taste amazing and A LOT comes in per bag. I was extremely surprised how many came in each bag! Kids love them and can get about 2 snack times out of just one bag!
Who doesn't like bamba?
It's almost impossible to find these locally, they're great for game day! Nice to know they're still available through amazon.
Love the strawberry and M&Ms I think it's one of my favorite flavors.
I'm vegetarian & this was perfect for my recipes! Was great for "pulled pork". Was a really great deal as well!
My first experience with aged sherry vinegar, delicious! Excellent in salad dressings.
My wife was very impressed by the quality of the flowers, nicely done!
I use this coconut milk as a heavy cream replacement in my coffee. It works perfectly! I've used this for years. I highly recommend for anyone who wants non-dairy, creamy coffee.
Everyone loves this pasta
Thank you for creating the perfect stevia. Not bitter and great taste! I did receive the product with a different label but same item as far ad I cam tell....
I use this in place of Crisco. Works great to season the basket for my air fryer, cast iron pans, anything that needs to be under high heat. Works great.
Used this for food coloring. It made a pretty purple.
Excellent buy for those long days when you dont want to cook! thank you
Very well packaged. Could barely slide the bottle out of the protective wrapping, perfectly fit. Exactly what I ordered. Strong flavor, will probably last me a good while. Not exactly sure what its supposed to taste like, so can't testify to quality without comparison. I think it is good though.
These were delicious! The time and the effort to individually wrap each of the macarons to make sure they weren't damaged in the mail was outstanding and I loved the hand-written note included! Thank you and I will probably buy them again in the future. They're amazing!
I've only just used one type of these beans and they are delicious. Can't wait to try the rest.
Great Flavor and I need Sugar Free which is hard to find at times. Tastes great.
I saw these and thought no way each has its own wrapping and saying! will keep for fam, not hand out to tricker treaters!
These are the bomb!!! They taste just like brownie edges. I can eat the whole bag lol.
I like a cup of coffee that has taste and color, this has both. The flavor is strong while not bitter. It holds up to what I like to add to it. My only beef is the kcup - too much plastic. I prefer the tea bag types instead but for the price this is a winner.
Prince of Peace Organic Tea is the best I've tried. Even the tea bags are organic. Product arrived on time and in good shape.
Yum! Who doesn't like a good crunchie
Great product. Just what I was looking for and at a great price.
This is great marsala tea. Just add hot water, mix and drink. Contains dried milk in the mix. So be aware of that.
It smells and tastes great
This is a great tasting Japanese noodle bowl!
Dishes are clean and no spots on glasses
Arrived amazingly fast, especially since it shipped from Greece. Thanks
I get squirrelly about flavored strips mostly because they never taste anything like they are supposed to. Except this one. Nailed it. Perfect butterscotch flavor. I used it to make homemade ice cream. As a rule of thumb, Torani flavors are really good.
Love it. Wish it wasn't so pricey. I'd buy it more often
Yum! Fast shipping, excellent quality.
I Bought for these my daughter. It's hard to find now but it was a favorite of hers as a teenager!!! She was very happy and had one right away!! It's a delicious candy bar!
Fun thing to do with the kids, chew them s then eat raw lemons or limes, they taste like they are candy
Love that I can have pasta now that is low carb! This taste just like regular pasta. However, the instructions say ready in 3 minutes. It was still not cooked after 3 minutes. I was boiling this using a gas stove but the pasta had to be boiled between 8-10 minutes.
Loved this product! Ate it when in Scotland years ago. Still tastes the same...Just wonderful. Next time I'll try the dark chocolate.
I bought these after reading the reviews and they are amazing. Best flavor, really taste like the fruit itself and is not too sweet. I loved all the flavors I got and really love the Peach and Passionfruit the best. Great job on the flavor!!
I am hypoglycemic; and this is great in my smoothies. It is just enough to pull up my blood sugar as needed. But the taste is awesome. My favorite used to be organic coconut sugar. but now I've grown tired of it. This is my new favorite sugar! It taste like the delicious light brown sugar of my Pennsylvania Dutch 1952 childhood. The pastries of our Amish neighbors were delicious and this taste just like that did. Especially "Shoo Fly Pie'' which has a sugary crumble topping to die for. Highly recommend. It's a little pricey but for health's sake it is totally worth every penny. No bleaching no chemicals. A winner!
I love these. A great break from Kind bars. Check out the ingredient list - this is the stuff you want in your body.
So good they are additive. It says individual bags, I thought they would be small bags but they are huge bags.
Like this stuff, use it in my cereal daily. The omega 3 is of limited use though, the provided type of omega 3 fat in this product is not the quality of that found in fish oil, fish oil being the healthiest types of omega 3 fats.
Great four for making pizza dough for a pizza party, along with instant yeast this was a crowd pleaser. Planning to make some homemade pasta with this soon as well
Aromatic Loose Tea with great taste
Cooked a Paella over a fire, the rice was spectacular and cooked quickly
Great product. Delivered timely.
My mom loves munching on pecans . She was very happy with these . Will buy again soon .
Used this to make powdered alcohol with Everclear, will take about 2x its weight of it. Tastes good, too.
Delivery on time- product as described
Used another product and it was like paste much better.
I like the tea and the size
I think I love it but I'm not sure if I will continue. Still thinking. But it has a good taste in it as long as you blend it with the coffee.
Chose Morning Pep brand of xylitol after studying and researching as much as I could about the various xylitol sellers, their product, the sourcing, whether or not GMO, their philosophy, the value, etc. I liked the feel of their company and felt I could trust them to be honest about their xylitol. I am glad I did, as it is a great tasting xylitol, and I have since added it to my subscribe and save, so not only do I get a quality product at a good price, I don't have to worry about running out.
good for you, good flavor
Discovered this at a restaurant in Florida and purchased at a Publix but when I got back to TN, no such luck so had to order.
Best thing to cook your veggies or meat with. Great price also through Amazon.
When my legs cramp in the evening after a strenuous hike, Pickle Juice seems to make the cramps disappear quickly. Love the stuff.
Excellent with good potency. I'd buy again.
I use it in all my baking and its great value
Great tasting tea. Smells awesome as well.
great service will order from them again
We will continue to get this product from Amazon. No longer available at our Costco's
This is a great candy for older people, because its soft and not as strong as the small round ones. Thank you for following up and being a customer friendly vendor. Anita
I really like the flavor and think it's a good amount for the price. Didn't skimp on almonds or walnuts. Even amounts of ingredients.
This product was packaged neatly and all of the sugar packets were sealed so none leaked.
Fantastic! A new favorite with my family, and my friends!
I reorder this time and time again. I use equal parts coffee and chicory when I brew my coffee. I do add an extra cup of water to the coffee pot when using the chicory because it's very rich. You can definitely adjust it to your own taste. I love the flavor and I like the probiotic and fiber benefits that chicory provides.
Very smooth and flavorful.
Purchased as a gift for my mustard lover. Great tasting mustard's, BIG HIT!!!
Great taste....very fast delivery.....I'm buying this from now on
So my husband went on a trip about a year back and brought this home as a gift for me. It was so delicious and I went through it so fast and was really sad UNTIL I looked on amazon and saw it. That being said, I used this on my turkey for Thanksgiving and it was phenomenal! Definitely will be buying again and again and again....
Great product. The only place I will buy my frosting sheets
Who would have guessed that these soups would be so tasty. I love them. Perfect snack!
Bought this for my granddaughter who is a college student- she loves the snacks and was delighted to receive them.
This is very nice cream coffee
My grandson's favorite lunch in a convenient size and easy cooking method.
I keep these in our diaper bag as an easy no fuss snack on the go! Keeps the gantry toddler happy!
Yummy! We like to mix with other drinks yo add flavor. Not very thick but good taste.
Love this and put it on everything! chicken, steak, fish, sausage.. always have a bottle!
Lila does a great job putting Paris on your table.
Perfect size and good flavor! Have it with th eggs at least twice a week!
Tastes amazing! And SO MUCH better for you!
Excellent value (and shelf life). Not a single pod looks busted. Tasted good. Highly recommend.
My baby loves these!
I use this bean salad with my various veggie burgers and also I sometimes put it in a salad. It has a lot of sugar- too much and too much vinegar so I rinse it several times
Great combo of candy.
DELICIOUS! VERY HABIT FORMING
So cute! I ordered a grocery store cake using this cake topper and I paid a fraction of the price as a custom made cake. My daughter loved it!!
Tastes good and really gets you moving in the morning!
Love this stuff. Looked for it so long I stopped looking.
Organic Product , For Die Hard Travelers to S. America , Better than Coffee .
Yummy all in one piece! Fresh!
OMG, so good. So good. But you'll have to cut down your intake. Definitely more caffeine than an average cup of Joe.
So far it's a great supplement for my daily nutrition. I use it to gain extra calories to my daily meals, because I'm trying to gain weight without trashing my system with just any foods.
great coffee, fast delivery. will order again
Quality product! Used it for probiotic
My hubby loves this stuff
This is my go to, all time favorite tea. I drink it every day, both iced and hot.
It is a brand I know and this product did not let me down. I've made lots of bread and pizza, all have been delicious. Delivery was fast and the bag was delivered unscathed
The intenso pod brews a dark espresso for the Keurig Rivo. I usually run the tall glass brew first, then run the short glass brew until I see the liquid dripping less brown. The flavor is very strong and tastes like a high quality bean. Makes an excellent latte.
it was a great price , arrived quickly. Haven't used it yet. I still using what I already had.
This is the best tasting decaf coffee I have ever had. It is smooth, not bitter.
Product arrived well packaged. The soy sauce and sugar mixture are a good combination.
Nice coffe with nice flavor and taste. Nice and reach cream
Love this. I always order flavored ice tea when I'm out and now I can have it at home too.
Brazil nuts are getting rather hard to find and are seldom found in mixed bags of nuts anymore. These were a great solution. They are very fresh and tasty. Got mine just in time for the holidays
The ordering process was super easy, the product shipped quickly and was received in perfect order. Even better, these snack bars are tasty, great consistency and amazing flavor. I'll eat these every day as a quick snack in between meals.
Good combination of nuts. A large quantity we can enjoy all the familly for few times.
O.M.G. this is SO good! Trying out something like this for the first time, and was surprised how good it was. Blended with some vanilla almond milk and ice and it tastes like a chocolate milkshake, all frothy goodness.. but with greens! Really easy in the morning too when I'm being lazy; just add some milk with it in a shaker bottle for a yummy breakfast on the way to work. Saw the Vanilla one at Whole Foods and will be trying that one next!
The spicy one is pretty spicy... so if spicy is not your thing, don't get them. I like spicy but my mouth was kinda burning. Love the original flavor, definitely want to try the cocoa ones.
Pops really well. No complain.
I liked the fast delivery.
Delicious. I honestly didn't expect to enjoy it this much.
What's not to like? I adore it l am NOT a morning person; BUT your product gets me up and in a good mood. It is just gorgeous to look at and experience. All my friends want to buy one. You are wonderful! Buy it. It creates happiness and socialization.
I've been adding this to bread. For a little crunch, though, I add toasted wheat germ.
These are amazing! My girlfriend and I are on Keto and these are nice for a quick fix for a sweet tooth!!! This is a food pantry must have!!
Bought this popcorn to make babe shower favors. Everyone raved about how good it tasted! It arrived a day early and was super fresh!! I would definitely purchase agin.
Perfect for what I need it for.
Just what I thought it would be
The grandkids love these. I have ordered them several times.
I bought this to try instead of Swerve due to cost. I haven't tried it yet but am hoping it's great.
Excellent wild caught salmon. Always has an excellent taste. Have been using it for years in salads, etc.
Great for allergies! Taste is horrific but we added it to sweet tea. Helped a lot.
I was quite surprised by these! As soon as you open the package you are greeted warmly with the smell of pancakes and syrup! In fact, the smell is so authentic that you have to look twice to make sure you are eating Peeps, and not the real thing! The taste was incredible, and quite enjoyable. This might be my favorite flavor.
Small cookie, I keep in the freezer, and take a couple out whenever. Super tangy great lime flavor.
Great product also not bad tasting
Everyone loves candy don't you?
My family loves these. Good flavor, not many calories, and they're not easy at present to find in stores where we are. Great product and good value.
I purchased these as a healthy snack for our office and they were very much appreciated.
Sugar free Cocoa powder!! Great purchase
Makes great GF pizza and super convenient to use.
Bought these as a stocking stuffer for my teenage children. They love it!
Great energy snack bar . I purchased this to keep me awake while driving. It keeps me alert. Nice chocolate flavor with crispy bites.
I love the flavor. Wish the size of the bag was bigger
It is cost efficient to buy this product in bulk
Enjoying the rice!! Fits in great with a low carb diet. Easy to cook with too.
It's a mild flavor and the health benefits are a plus!!!
So yummy with the popcorn I make.
What can I say?? Tastes like beef and a great substitute when you don't have your homemade broth available.
My coffee story: In the mid 80's, I did a deployment to the West Coast of South America on a U.S. Navy submarine. We took on supplies in Columbia, and it was the first time I ever saw vacuum-sealed bricks of (Columbian) coffee. It had the most amazing, rich flavor I'd tasted. I've looked for years to find a coffee so rich and flavorful. When my dad passed away, my stepmom gave me a Flavia machine. I ordered some of this coffee, and WOW! It brought back memories of this great coffee I've been looking for. I love it, and I am a customer for life! A note to those who think it is too strong; Use a large cup, and run it twice, using the same packet. It's perfect!
I usually buy the Jelly Belly jelly beans, but these were roughly half the price for the 10 pound bag. They taste great, and I like the resealable foil bag that they come in. One of the other reviewers gave these only 1 star because "they are not Jelly Belly" - why would you not just rate the quality of THESE beans, instead of rating the fact that they are not some other brand? Nowhere in the description of these beans does it claim to be Jelly Belly!!
I love this maca powder. I'm 44 and had rhe best summer of my life last year and im sure part of that is thanks to this. Started the summer off running my first 5k and finished it running a Full 10 mile mud race.
I found this flavor at work and loved it! Delivery is always quick.
The product was used with her new waffle maker
Perfect for food storage
Bought to make bath bombs worked very well. Also used for my baby's diaper rash.
My husband loved this. He has almost eaten the whole bag by himself. Good value for money.
Candy was fresh and exactly as expected.
Microwave time varies
It tasted so good!!! And was so pricey for just 1 loaf of bread
I love everything coffee and pumpkin and call myself a tad bit of a fanatic. This coffee was amazing and it will definitely be on my buying routine. It's not as strong spice tasting like a pumpkin spice coffee or other pumpkin coffees you see out are. It is a delightful actual pumpkin type of flavoring exactly what I wanted! It came fresh and as soon as I opened up the bag and smelled it I was in love.
I like the color and texture.
I'm happy with the colors and freshness of the bottle I received.
So good in strong EVO
good overall. good taste, fresh
Packaged very securely. Very satisfied that these glass bottles made it through shipping with no issues. This is my favorite brand and now I can order as much as I need/want. I ordered two 3 packs for a total of six bottles.
The expiration date was weeks after purchase...weird. But tasted great and was a hit at my party.
I am very very happy with this purchase as it was a gift... I was slightly worried before it was delivered bc of previous reviews but when arrived was really impressed..: great price, beautiful and smelled wonderful. Plus we're only to 20% bloom so will last a good while!
They were a gift and the group gave a wow, great presentation and wonderful product
As someone who can't have any dairy at all, I've been searching for a dairy free alternative for my coffee for years. This product is incredible! Mix with some rice milk to make iced coffee and it tastes better than most coffee shops. Love this product.
As advertised, quick delivery, not available in local store !
A friend from germany orderd it by me.crazy but he can not buy it in germany even not in hungary.tasty stuff like it
My friend loved this. Super cute case and nice selection
This spice makes outstanding garlic bread with a small touch of butter.
Love this coffee. My husband ordered some for his office and he brought home a few to try. I loved it so much that I ordered some for the house too!
Best chocolate product that can be enjoyed on the keto diet. Satisfies my chocolate cravings and doesn't inhibit weight loss.
it works. it keeps me up at night for my night shift and all i need is 1 cup all night and my coworkers love it as well.
Love my chia seeds..use them in so many different things. Provides great health benefits.
OMG this is my favorite candy from childhood. This bag is BIG. Be forewarned.
Smaller kernels with less husk. Consistent popping. Few old maids. I use olive oil only and put in a pat of butter as the kernels just begin to pop. Always great results.
The best snack ever...hope it keeps the waist line down
Very tasty and crispy. Just enough salt.
They were really great
Awesome product and packaging!
this is my second time purchasing good quality .
My favorite oat milk so far! Would highly recommend. The sugar content is a lot less than other oat milks I've tried. Will order again.
Hard to find. Great products
I ordered these for my Grandmother because she loves this gum and it is the best gum for her teeth! She says that the gum is super fresh!
I'm on a low carb diet an this brand of oil was recommended. I really like it. Has great flavor and consistency.
Couldn't get it at Walmart as they were out of stock for weeks. Was cheaper through Amazon.
Adds a lot of depth of flavor to poultry and fish
Used it to garnish my onigiri! Came out beautifully and approved by my Japanese Mother In Law.
I love coconut flavored coffee.....but haven't found many that I like. I love this item. Thank you.
This is a pretty darn good cup of coffee, especially if you're very sensitive to caffeine. Starbucks Via decaf is a bit more flavorful, but I can tell it has more than a trace amount of caffeine.
great product, received on time, original package
Liked the variety and price.
It's just too pricy for me but they are very good for someone who hates water I was drinking the amount of water I should it's to pricy for my budget
I am on a rigid diet program, and they recommended these Spry gum products. Taste great.
Love the tea and the company!
perfect just what was advertised.
Great price on pasta! 8 boxes for less than 10.
Very soft and fresh, perfect slight honey taste to them, the old bad comments are from 2016 so they don't mean much now, you get exact thing that is pictured in same bag.
Probably the best tea I've come across in the past year. Very rich flavor
Exactly what I wanted
This gives a great boost of flavor to fish-based or miso soups. I really love it.
Bought this for a special recipe that used it as substitutes for standard sweeteners. The recipe only called for 1 tablespoon so I'm trying to figure out what to do with the rest of the bag. So far no complaints on the quality or flavor and folks enjoy the dessert I made using it.
These teas are full of benefits and have a nice aroma
My husband and I both enjoy the dark rich flavor of this de-caff. It's the only one we use. I just wish they had a biodegradable cup.
My grandkids loved their chocolate bunnies. Could not believe how big they were.
This stuff has zero calories and just the right flavor. I used to have to go to various stores to try to track down where it was in stock, now I can simply order it through Amazon at a slightly higher cost, but with the convenience of having it delivered to my door.
I can't find this at any store near me. So great deal. This tea is delicious and fresh. The flavor is sweet and cinnamon.
Two weeks ago I went to the Farmer's Market and bought some homemade Hot Pepper Cranberry Jelly. It was good but did not set up very thickly so I went looking for some on-line. I found some at Stonewall Kitchen and it is delicious. My first pepper jelly but no way my last. Stonewall Kitchen has a satisfied customer that will be ordering from them for a long time. Recommend to all that like their jelly with a kick.
Product is as show and described and good quality :)
I am a big fan. here in miami fl we sweat out electrolytes until your legs cramp. Gatorade is the cure.
They were worth the wait! Very delicious and a perfect treat for a Nutella lover!
I've used three of these twelve jars so far and have no issues with them at all. They came packed in an original product box with nice cardboard cushioning dividers between each. One caveat: they were slightly over the use by date. I make sushi often and I use about a jar a month on average so the use by date was no problem for me. It's a years supply at that rate. I didn't detect any "off" flavors.
This stuff is so sweet and yummy! I use it in place of dessert. Love it!! I always order more of this when I run out!
Just awesome! Exactly what I needed! Lasts me 2 months!!!
Some didnt have very much caramel on the sucker
We have been enjoyed Chai Tea for many years, and it is still as good as always.
My friend had gifted me some of the red rooibos as part of a get well package. And well I immediately fell deeply in love. I just had to know what other varieties they offered. They are all so good! I need there to be a larger pack so I can restock all of them at once!
I personally love the cranberry lime. It's light and refreshing. It is so good that it would make a great cocktail mixer making it perfect for parties.
Bought this as a gift for my husband who catches and makes the fish. We absolutely love the flavor of these spices. Delicious! Yum! Oh man!
Like a thick saltine, but more dense. Delicious. I have an elderly friend who used to live in Alaska that told me about them, he said they would last forever, and that they are the modern equivalent of hard tack.
Love this stuff in a protein shake. Not sweetened, but chocolate flavor.
This is fabulous popcorn! The taste is great and the quality is good. We've purchased this many times.
Fun prodcut to add to school lunches or share with friends at parties. Kids LOVE these and they are a nice change from the multi-pack products offered in the grocery stores.
Good for workouts in the heat
Wish I could buy it by the gallon!
Very healthy snack! My family and I enjoyed it! We would purchase this product again!
These are my favorite spicy noodles. I don't know how they will undo themselves, but I can't wait.
Great product, great taste
Arrived fast and as expected
The donut cake turned out AMAZING! We were super skeptical about it tasting good and tried other products to our daughters nutritional limitations. This was sensational! We have only made to chocolate cake but I bet the vanilla cake will probably just as great!!! Made stevia coco glaze and it was a big hit at her party!! I made a “regular “ cake along with this one and this cake won the duel!!!
I LIKE THE FLAVOR OF BROWN SUGAR, BUT ORGANIC COCONUT SUGAR IS ALOT MORE HEALTHIER THAN WHITE RAW SUGAR .
The coffee is smooth and taste fresh and great!
Best snack ever. My boyfriend is addicted to them. We have tried Sea Salt, Kettle, Butter, Salted Caramel and his favorite White Cheddar. Taste and texture are great. Recommend trying.
My Terrasoul Pumkin Seeds are always delicious and fresh.
This is basic unprocessed bran. A basic for a health diet and completely unadorned. Exactly as advertised.
Absolutely delicious!!! Very easy and fast to do!!
These are just like candy. Very sweet.
just got them delivered; looks fresh and healthy; you have taken good care while packaging that they came absolutely undamaged.
Holy crap this tea is delicious. Tart and fruity, I like a little lemon and hint of honey in mine.
great value for the bulk qty. wont have to shop for tuna for quite a while.
After drinking an 8-oz glass of this 30 minutes later I have to pump. Typically I get about 2 to 4 oz total. After pumping with this I got about 5 ounces on each side.
Delicious coffee. After having this brand in a few coffee shops I was hooked. It taste just as good out of my machine as it does in the store and I'll be buying this for quite some time to come.
I purchased the regular nut-free chocolate fudge and it's delicious! Maybe not quite as good as my mom's homemade fudge, but this is an excellent alternative since Mom's no longer with us. I would just caution against buying it in the summer months if you live in a hot climate, though. I live in Phoenix and when I got home from work, it had been sitting out in the sun for however many hours and it was a bit soft. Not completely melted, but still it's a better idea to wait till the weather's cooler.
I've tried some Trident Layers but this by far is the best. So I decided to buy a whole pack for when I have food cravings or to give to people.
buy these for hubby he enjoys these
I like these as a snack. They are very flavorful!!
Taste good. Easy to cook. Cheap.
I'm not a big "bar" guy because I find most to be too chewy or dry for my liking, but I was pleasantly surprised with the nice texture and consistency of these IQ Bars. And that's not even to mention the great taste! Add on the fact that it's keto-friendly, and you've got yourself a new IQ Bar fanatic!
I may not have a clue and I may not have style, but everything I lack well I make up in denial. Good shit, I bought it cuz I like Dexter Holland, but I'd buy again cause of flavor.
Great, l love this tea. It is so sweet, hard to believe it has no sugar but cinnamon is supposed to be sweet. I add coffee to this cinnamon tea.
I use this versus purchasing the pre-mixed because of the plastic packaging involved. I highly recommend using this as an alternative for the environmental impact!
I cook with this all the time now as opposed to raw garlic. Fantastic value and quick delivery.
Always in the market for awesome, sugar free energy drinks and these are incredible! My boyfriend favors them over bang drinks
They were a gift and she loved them!
Always a fan of Acai, every morning I put a tsp in my coffee and in my oatmeal with yogurt, it's very tasty and healthy
I was warned that the taste would take some getting used to. Not true. It tastes good in my smoothie.
Not much else to say beyond what I said in the headline! I will buy again and again.
I love curry and so glad I found the big container of McCormick brand....the price too was good. Thank you McCormick & Amazon for carrying it here. The convenience to find it really helped me greatly since going out is a hardship for me.
Can't live without this stuff now. Yum! Great flavors without being overly sweet.
I love everything about these macaroons! Very tasty and I like that they are individually wrapped so I can pop one in my purse.
Beef sausage is very good. I will purchase again!
These vegan peanut butter cups are just as good as Reeses. The crispy quinoa is a bonus. There is only one store near me that sells these and half the time they are sold out. Am glad I was able to find these on amazon. They are a tad cheaper in this semi-bulk buy than they would be at the store.
Mill it in my Vita-Mix. Bread is fantastic!
The coffee is really great! I've tried several boxes of coffee from Amazon, and this is the best dark roast coffee I've found. And the price is great also! Highly recommended, definitely will purchase again, and Manhattan Roasters have made it clear that if you are not satisfied with your purchase, they will make it right for you.
I like strong coffee. I found that this works wonderfully as a Cold Brew coffee! Now when I am at home I make this instead of trying to brew espresso and I am happy.
Given as a Christmas gift to a regular green tea drinker
Great Product Great Seller
Best GF animal crackers. My non-GF husband even likes them.
It's was well packed and thank you everything is awesome! Posted a picture of how it looks like when you open up the box.
Love ordering these pods from this seller.
Great product. Excellent customer service and support!
VERY EASY TRANSACTION BEATS LOOKING FOR IT IN THE STORES
Great product. Description said extra fine and I was worried that it would be powder fine, it was not which is good. Perfect grind for a shaker.
Perfect for a care package for camp... No need to put it together your self
I love that they are smaller than your average juice box so that my very young kids don't fill up on juice instead of food when having it with a meal. It makes them more of a treat for the kiddos.
I like the product and it's a great deal
Great alternative to sugar and artificial sweeteners. Costs less than other similar products.
Great flavor and great affect.
Makes the best waffles!
My daughter loves these, it gets her some water but with a yummy taste, helps us to avoid too much soda or sugar!
Like visiting a Greek island!
it has a nice flavor to it blend in not overpowering
This creamer has made Keto coffee a breeze. I no longer need 3 products! The taste is great as well. I highly recommend.
Love this flavor. Would highly recommend. Definitely would order again. Shipper delivered quickly.
great food coloring with no after taste, perfect for red velvet cakes
Great supplement! Adding it to my recipes is great! Live it!
My wife loves it, what else can I say?
Love it. Too bloody expensive in the US but what's a girl to do
Talk about addictive! The salty sweet combination is awesome. It's a great mix of popcorn, almonds, pretzels, and chocolate nibbles....yum!
It is so neat to have a company still make food products like this. I needed it for my World of Warcraft cookbook. The item tasted great.
Love this coffee with my French Press. It's very smooth with no bitter aftertaste. Already ordered my second bag.
Fav miso! Not to bitter like some can be and a tbls dissolves perfectly in 8oz of hot water.
Works great under big pet water bowl. Addition of a scrap of non-skid carpet underlay underneath and it will stay in place on wood floors. Catches the drips from those beasts who like to test the water first with their paws.
This syrup is great with waffles or pancakes. Didn't last me 2 days. Can't find it in stores around where I live so I had to order it.
Very good. Now I just need to practice making a good mug of this Match. I would recommend this.
I blend this with some orgain protein powder and other yum yums and I can't taste it
this is my absolute favorite of all tea's. I am hooked!!!! It is so delicious!!!
I only drink unsweet tea and I have a difficult time finding them in the store.
OMG. this is so amazing. I went through it in less than a week. Delicious. Thank you!
Mom and baby eat these. Sometimes just Mom. Lol! The cheddar ones are the best ones.
Love the flavor of truffles! And you can really taste it in this powder. I like the fact that there's no salt in it either. I've had truffle salt in the past, which is good, but this Zest is more flavorful and condensed. Great on EVERYTHING!
Perfect fine powder. Remember, Ashwaganda does not dissolve in water. You can either stir it up as a slurry, or let it steep like tea. Half a tablespoon is quite sedating. Tastes like... almost nothing. So if you want flavor, add something else to steep with it. This will save a fortune over pilled form. 1Lb is about 900 x 500mg pills worth.
I bought these for my wife who, at 7 months, was experiencing a shortened supply for our little boy. He did not take to formula (refused and would throw up a lot) so we were a bit stressed. I ordered these for her. These combined with increasing pump time and adding an extra session, her supply rebounded nicely. Oh and they are actually really tasty. Thanks to this company for helping my wife and son.
I love the packaging - easy to get to jar! I add this to other instant soups/noodles or canned soup. But honestly, I also eat them dry right out of the jar...
My daughter and I loved this! Lots of treats to try for a steal!
This Halvah is so good. One of my favorites! I also really love the Pistachio one, so good!
A coworker brought this to a potluck with Carr's water crackers and plain goat cheese, and it was actually THE hit of the potluck. I immediately went out and purchased these to bring to holiday parties, and everyone who tried it loved it, too. Definitely a great item to serve at a party or to gift to a friend.
Not a fan of Bobs Red Mill stuff, but this egg replacer has worked very well in several baked goods.
I made keto cheesecake and cookies with it, and no one at the party could tell they were keto.
This is are awesome and are from back In the 90s and wish they would be brought back out in stores
Wow wow. I can't believe I waited this long to try it. Dawson's Hot Sauce Sichuan Ghost Pepper arrived yesterday and I couldn't wait to try. This morning had it with eggs and it is so GOOOOOD. The color gave me an impression it would be mustardy but it's not. It's pretty spicy but in a very pleasant way after all it has ghost peppers. Usually not a big fan of Sichuan peppercorn but it's nice in this sauce; citrusy and refreshing. Wil buy another for sure.
for my taste! Strong enough, and no artificial ingredients!
They taste great and not bad on calories.
Love these pretzels. Just as good as I remember.
Just as good as what my eye dr. Prescribed and less money
This is the most tender crystallized ginger that I've had - and I buy a LOT! My sisters and I go through at least 3# every couple of months. I find this ginger the perfect balance between spice-hot and sweet. In short, this bag is MINE. My sisters can go order their own!
I love that these are as simple and straightforward as possible. Very delicious and filling!
My husband, who has diagnosis of diabetes, uses this product in his coffee. I can't find this in the grocery stores anymore. Majority of creamers are not sugar free or at least not the individual ones.
Excellent product. I have tried other edible markers and they didn't work well. These are great and allowed me to add excellent detail onto fondant.
This chicken gravy is simply delicious. Not overly greasy, nor is the chicken flavor overpowering. Not salty nor too spicy. For those that like their gravy on the salty side, add a pinch or two of Himalayan salt to taste. This gravy compliments Tasty Bites Basmati Rice to perfection. Anyone that is searching for a decent gluten free gravy, the search is officially over. Heat, drizzle and serve!!!
This is the best tea ever. I brew a cup in the afternoon when my energy and mood dip and it invigorates me into a smooth green vibe. Absolutely georgous.
Smells so awesome. I love how the texture of the soap gives you a really good scrub without scratching your skin. Plus you always feel really clean after!
Perfect product and tastes very good in my African spinach and chicken dish
Awesome products! Great service
Frank's hot sauce that I could keep in my office desk. Frank's is an excellent hot sauce!
I love this coffee... I gifted this one to one of my favorite people.
When I first started eating low carb I was getting pantry staples like this and I thought “oh my gosh - this is expensive!” But it's not - it lasts forever as you don't have to use as much as normal flour. Great quality. Would buy again, have bought again - repeat customer. 😊👍🏻
We like this mixed with a regular coffee. 50/50
I have been using Redmond Real Salt for approximately 30 years after my husband was at the plant and was given a sample. I use nothing else but Real Salt and have also branched off into some of their other products. I usually order directly from Redmond. I received the course salt w/grinder several days ago and again I'm a die-hard fan of this too!
I drink this tea in the morning and at bed time. I love it its helping me with my issues.
This is great. Has no funky after taste. Happy to have a good tasting product that is sugarfree.
Good smoke flavor not over powering, not to salty. Would buy again
I love Spain, and these olives, but I'm glad I don't have to go all the way back to Spain to buy them. Another place I've found them is in Corning, California, at the Olive Pit, again, a long way to go to purchase.
A refreshing soda when you want something out of the ordinary. Definitely not for everyone.
I Love stevia and this is a great deal but it doesn't come in the box as advertised. It all came loose in a brown box so now I have to keep it in a pile in the cupboard. Wtf over??
A little spendy, but delicious and you don't have to worry about food reactions.
I enjoyed using this product & added it to all my keto recipes that call for sweetners.
Best tasting keto bar I've had. It's basically like eating dessert. Keeps me in ketosis and gives me energy for hours.
I love adding a packet of this to my water for a boost of flavor. It tastes great.
knowing the ingredients and the value of this product...so popular here it is not always on the shelves
It was delivered way faster then I thought. Then on top of that its summer time in Texas and...THEY WERE NOT MELTED!🤤
It was good. Not sure if it helped my gout, but it didn't hurt it & my kids love it too. A little sour, but not bad at all thanks to the Apple Juice!
We use this for our coffee. One little packet per 8 oz coffee is just perfect for us. I like that it's all natural and it is not laxative if we have to use more in cooking or baking. It tastes better than most sweeteners including Stevia brand. However, the sweetener taste is still there even though after using this brand for years. We just got used to it and it doesn't bother us at all.
Great coffee and value
I like everything that I have purchased from Malcolm's Killer Hogs brand. His videos are great and the food is perfect.
Good for almost every seasoning you would want to be use. I have given it for gifts and everybody liked it.
A childhood favorite but all of the grocery stores in California stopped selling the zesty tomato. Yummy!
I love these chips. All the flavors are wonderful. They are much easier to eat than the regular pita chips. Not so hard on the teeth and very very tasty. I eat them every day.
I love Starbucks French roast. Very rich flavor without and harshness.
Very messy, I had to keep in an extra gallon zip lock bag to contain the black powder. But it works well in my toothpowder recipe. For more DIY recipes visit me on FB: baby steps to a toxin free, DIY, & Green Life
Fast Shipping and much cheaper than stores...kids LOVE it!
Best tea ever! We are huge iced tea (no sugar) fanatics at our house so we've tried a lot of different teas. My husband loves it so much, he won't let me switch back to his favorite peach tea. It won't disappoint.
As someone who likes to eat black licorice, I enjoyed my first cup of this tea. There are hints of other spices here, which I also find pleasant, and the aftertaste is good. Like others have mentioned, you don't have to reach for sweetener with this tea IMO. I wanted to try this tea because of the health benefits of licorice root-stomach, respiratory, nerves. Time will tell, so we will see.
Great flavor and smooth. Glad to drink and help out at the same time.
The order arrived on time and loved how they taste! Lemon was my favorite. Will order again
Great quality/price ratio
Loved it. Very, very good. Will buy more when this runs out.
Used to cook potatoes dish.
I love this cookie - they are twice as much (per pkg. of two) at Starbucks. Are delicious!
I have wasted my money trying to find a protein drink my 14 year old son will drink. He loves this drink, and now that my grocery store no longer sells then I order on line. This is only protein drink we will buy
I think I like these better than la croix. So good
I love Maggi seasoning, so glad to find it on Amazon Smile. quick shipping, thanks
This stuff is addictive. If there were ever a perfect hot sauce this would be it. Just awesome flavor. And heat.
These are the best pork rinds I've ever eaten OMG
I usually buy mine from Costco, however they only sell the variety pack and nobody in my house likes the grape or orange flavors. Too bad we can't create our own packs.
I used product for hydration and it was delicious
After hearing about all the negative issues with diet soda (which I have been drinking for years and years), I decided to wean myself off them and find an alternative. I'm not a big water drinker because I like the carbonation of the soda. So I tried bubly sparkling water in the lime flavor and have been drinking it ever since. It has the carbonation and flavor, yet it has no calories, no sugar or sugar substitute, and is really refreshing. Now, I'll drink a diet soda occasionally, but my go-to drink is the sparkling water. I actually prefer it to the diet soda. Love it!
Bought this for a friend...please bring back the full flavor packaging language!
I bought this because I wanted to make sugar-free milk chocolate with stevia instead of those sugar alcohols that make you fart. It takes a while to stir the melted chocolate so it gets tempered properly, but overall it worked.
First review I didn't like it said was bitter. I have had it again and take that back. I was using skim milk. It makes a good cup of coffee
The lid and seal are broken and the hot cocoa was spilled out everywhere. I contacted the company and they issued a refund within minutes!
I have ordered this variety pack several times. It is extremely affordable compared to its name brand competitor. I have tried both and I think the quality is comparable. I love the vanilla, mocha, caramel variety pack. I just add a splash of almond milk, no additional sweetener.
While it takes times maybe 3-4 weeks, the taste is awesome and was not broken or damaged during its shipping. Im satisfied
This is the best coffee that I have ever had. My wife brought me some back from New Orleans and I have been ordering it off of Amazon ever since.
They tast really great, a very good deal
The ginger slices are thin...which is GREAT! Excellent product. Superior to others that I've tried. Love them. Will definitely order again.
I'm hooked on this stuff. I make my "Mac and Cheese" with velveeta and add tablespoon or two of this stuff to it. I also sprinkle it over my hash-browns or eggs for breakfast. I have even gotten into the habit of carrying some along when I hit the fast food joints - it's great on fries hot out of the fryer. (I would rank it as a somewhat "Sharp Cheddar" -definitely not a plain cheddar) We keep finding new things to put it on. Even gets me to eat my veggies.
This was my second order. I love this mix because it's rich and not too sweet like some store brands. I like it even better than the GODIVA hot chocolate mix, which needs to be made with milk. This Ghirardelli mix just needs hot water and it's great - especially with a little whipped cream topping! I will be ordering this again and again!
Tastes great in my protein shake
On time favorite candy
Spent 10 years in Texas and this was the only mix I used for Chili. Now that I am back in the northeast, I still only use this for my chili! Best there is!
I am a coffee snob and drink mostly Starbucks or Peets. THIS coffee blows both of those brands out the water at such a great price. I was reluctant to try an "off brand" and glad I went on that leap of faith by ordering 100 pods. This is my go-to brand for now on and will try the other blends. Thank-you, Amazon!
These nuts are good, not too sweet & overpowering flavor. I add a few to my salted almonds for a good snack. I like the unique flavors, which give me some variety in my snacking.
This strong black robusta style coffee is great blended 50/50 with a good dark chicory. Arabica is too bitter. I use this in espresso blends as well to achieve crema and that southern Italian coffee flavor.
This is serious instant coffee. This is not your mother's flavored instant coffee. It's 21st century flavored instant coffee. Also great as an ice cream topper!
Normally go for spicy flavors of tuna/salmon, but ordered 24 packs of the lemon dill because they were on sale. Very pleased with the flavor, and happily ate all 24 packs.
Item received, Thank you very much!
These are great, simple, taste wonderful.
No need for creamer or sweetner. It's naturally delicious and perfect in every way. Everything I love about Earl grey but super smooth because it's white tea! Love
These are my absolute flavors of all time!! I purchased this set for the peppermint mocha thinking I might or might not like the other two flavors (but it was such a good deal to purchase this set of 3 I decided to try the other flavors) I ended up loving all three flavors and I'm sure you will as well!!
Showed up quickly and just what I expected.
Could be a bit more tart but great flavor
THE ITEM ARRIVED IN A TIMELY MANNER. AND THE PRICE WAS GREAT
i received it faster than expected, the flavor is delicious. I sure will recommend and order more
Very pleased! Trick or treaters loved them. Could have used another box.
This stuff is the best. The other brand is not even in the same league when it comes to taste. It has surprisingly few calories for such a sweet treat. And I was surprised that the other brand uses genetically modified ingredients and this one apparently does not. I had to use amazon to get it because it is not so available locally. And it is totally worth it
I needed a meal replacement/snack bar that fit my Keto lifestyle. There are many bars that do but none that had high quality ingredients, like grass fed whey, that taste good and are low in carbs. These are delicious and filling. I will purchase again.
GREAT product and so conveniently shipped to my house! Love it!
Excellent, bold, rich flavor for someone who must decrease amount of caffeine.
Great for DIY makeup and for cooking!
I'm so glad to have found this product that comes with great service. Being born in Eastern Europe I was used to drink birch sap on daily basis and was aware of incredible health benefits of it. Now all my family enjoys this drink. We mostly mix it with fruits, orange juice, add ice, fresh mint or basil, etc. It's very hydrating and good for you.
Perfect!!! Fast shipping!! Great price!! Thank you!!
I like the value and taste. I do wish that there was less breakage
If your fermentation fell off before it should it's a great way to kick it back into high gear getting maximum alcohol from the mash or fruit whatever you are using..
The candy of course if delicious. It was shipped in a styrofoam lined box with a cold pack. The chocolate was not melted even though the outdoor temperature was in the 90's (degrees). I'm very pleased with the packaging, product, and shipping time.
They looked beautiful on my cupcakes. The edible butterfly does not have any taste, but made up for in beauty.
Unless you're making it yourself then this is the product to use! Excellent flavor
Who doesn't like Good and Plenty? I'm like a kid in a candy store with these.
Love this flavor for iced tea
The scoop is for 32 oz.. I use a 32 oz. Nalgene bottle with filtered water. As others have mentioned the cost saving is incredible.
We love these nuts. The taste can't be beat [we have tried other brands]. They are big peanuts with a great crunch and aroma. Our son knows how much we like them, so he gets them from Amazon for us also.
have to check with my primary on this one. thank you.
Walkers Shortbread is always a delightful companion to a cuppa tea. The ones in this little tin are even neater because they have the Union Jack stamped on them. The tin is sitting on my nightstand to hold hair ties now. I highly recommend this product.
Wow these taste great, will buy them again for sure
Great for making raspberry ice tea
The fact that it was organic and the ability to purchase a large size. I will purchase this honey again.
We enjoyed opening metal art box, visually beautiful display of candies, and each selection was delightful. We tried them all and discussed our favorites. Pricey? Perhaps, you get what you pay for.
Perfect shelf for shoes in the garage!
Great flavor and fresh
Absolutely great product.
Great freshness and flavor.
Everything is this pack was great, high quality product!! The bags are absolutely beautiful. Used them as gift bags at my granddaughters 7th birthday party. Hands down best paper product bought to date.
Very good. I will buy it again!
These plants are beautiful!! They come full of life and really well packaged ♡ definitely will order from them again.
I have only used some of the products to date. I have given some to my daughters. The ones I have used worked out very well for us. I am very pleased with the product.
good texture and good flavor - give it 5 stars
Love the product. Highly recommend.
Great bite size snack. They are so good can't stop eating. Going to order more.
Received it very quickly, great condition, and of course, great product!
I tried so many types of non dairy unsweetened creamers and this is the only one I like....classic chocolate is the best! It's great for iced coffee or hot coffee if you froth the hot coffee a bit to make sure it mixes in well. Happy with this since I'm doing the Whole30 plan.
If I only bought one of the Whistle Stop Products this is the one I would buy and use it for everything
Product came as advertised. Maca helps with my anxiety.
Love this brand - tastes delicious! Product arrived quickly and was packaged well!
Took this on a bachelor party week, used it to season breakfast and dinner, everyone loved it and is looking to order it once they get back home
My husband lives this coffee, hard to find locally
Hard to find in the stores locally, hope Amazon continues to carry it. Heard it may be discontinued product
I am not a fan of the spicy ramen flavor, but the rest of the family is. The other 3 flavors (beef pho, Taiwanese beef noodle, and Chinese chicken noodle) are absolutely delicious. We've eaten a ton of these since discovering them last month. All 6 members of our family like them.
really enjoy the different pretzel taste these offer
Love. Love. Love. These are delicious and the most perfect keto diet food! High fat, minimal protein and almost no carbs. They are raw and unsalted and kind of taste like eating a soft Brazil nut/pecan out of the shell. I have tried the salted version of pili nuts but these are so much better. I will keep purchasing!
The flavor of this coffee is fantastic! And I love that i don't have to use creamer and it has no sugar in it.
I really like them. I'll buy them again!
Thoroughly enjoyed! Shared it with family and friends!
Great taste and smell, used it for teas, healthy desserts, and in my smoothies.
I love this snack. I first had them on a Delta flight
Great product! Fast delivery!
This stuff is awesome. I drink it every evening after dinner to help with digestion and general stomach uneasiness if it occurs. I've noticed that it also works great for stomach aches. It's great for detoxing as well, as half of the ingredients have been recommended for light detoxing.
Great stuff. Not cheap but better than soda.
Fresh, tasty, and not so thickly coated that you can't bite into them with out shattering something. Will order again, I'm sure.
Love the rolled oats!!! With my many kids it makes a great breakfast!!!
Every day seasoning for soups, salads, meats and vegetables and as a substitute for salt.
These little mints are good and the best thing is they don't spike my blood sugars. Will buy them again, and will recommend them.
This sugar is the real deal. I use it for my tea, and it makes a good cup great! If I need the sugar to melt more rapidly, I put it in the food processor because the chunks are a little large. I really like this sugar a lot.
I put it on everything!!
Love this product but it wasn't in our mailbox. I did not receive. Don't know in who's mailbox but it wasn't ours
Very good savory flavor. Easy to use.
This is excellent cinnamon candy. There's plenty of good flavor, but the cinnamon won't blow your tongue off. The candy in the bag I received was nice and fresh, too.
As an American, cooking Indian dishes does not come naturally to me however my husband is from India and loves to eat. As a busy mom I found this Garam Masala to be much quicker than buying the whole spices and grinding it your self. The taste is great and it comes in a convenient resealable package. I recommend buying the larger size as you can use it in many Indian dishes.
So far this is the only sugar replacement that I've found that does not give me severe headaches and/or nausea. And there is no aftertaste which is fantastic. It's not as sweet as cane sugar and doesn't have a flavor at all. It is literally just SWEET. Which is kinda nice cause whatever it's used in you can still taste the main dish.
Not too salty - very tasty.
Yummy good, fresh and crisp.
best not salty at all. taste good.satisfied , strongly recommend to get.
I love this bamboo whisks!!! It even has it's own little carrying case! Once it's dried u can just pop your whisk in it's case. Although it would have been nice if there was a slot to hold the spoon it comes with.
I really like the product, i feel i sleep better when i take it before going to bed.
I entertain a lot so keeping high quality crackers in the pantry makes whipping up an appetizer so much easier!
My doggie loves his peanut butter!
Your delivery person delivered to wrong house AGAIN.. this is not # 38
These are my favorite beans, they arrived fast and without issues
Good product - no after taste as well.
Ive been drinking Yerba Mate for years now and honestly this stuff does not compare to the other brands I've tried and stood by. That side by side photo of these Yerba leaves vs the stems/leaves photo of the other brands really is true and there are helpful tips for a better brewing experience on the box. I will definitely keep buying this brand instead.
I love these candies but they are really hard to find. I think they were over priced but it was worth it for me cause I love them so much. Very sour and spicy.
Came on time and fresh
This is my favorite Gluten Free Oatmeal and hard to find in stores now. Delish. Will purchase again.
Great quality I'm pleased
Thanks, fits perfect! Will order more soon!
Perfect, exactly as pictured!
Great if you love dark coffee, very smooth, and has great flavor, no bitterness. I usually don't like dark coffee and I think it tastes great.
Creamy and delicious. Great coconut flavor
Oh my stars, why did they stop selling these in stores? Super yummy
Great quality products at an affordable price. Simple packaging and a brand that can be trusted. Tastes great too!
Yes, they are delicious! If you like bacon, you'll love these. I was very impressed with the flavor. If you are not use to these types of snacks, you will may find the texture odd at first but they are truly delicious and I continue to order these.
Learning curve how to use a verismo machine Pods are great
These taste great and last for ages!
Local stores have stopped carrying these-I don't have a clue why. I was glad to find them in large bags. Purchase was easy and arrived on time in good shape. They are a favorite with us. I gave two as gifts and kept one for me.!
WOW ! The taste is great !! one bag for me is two servings..
Awesome garlic for eating.
Good tasting dates, fresh and good packaging.
The product is the best I've ever used. It shipped quickly and arrived in perfect condition.
Brother-in-law loved it. He is a huge coffee fan.
Delicious. Needs to be cooked on low heat for 20 minutes to get tender. Very filling when on a low or no fat diet.
I fell in love with Bounty Bar when I used to travel to Vancouver in my younger days. Why they don't sale Bounty Bars in the United States I will never know. These taste like Almond Joy but without the nuts. I know there are Mounds without nuts, but it is dark chocolate. These came fresh and intact, and I had to hide them from friends and family so they wouldn't eat them. I think these were from Europe and not Canada, but they taste the same. DELICIOUS!
The pack came neatly packaged and I am a huge fan of the coffee!! So convenient that it doesn't need to be refrigerated so I can order online. The coffee itself is delicious and the nitro makes it super smooth to drink. I'm also lactose intolerant so the oat milk latte has been a game changer... soo happy about it!
This is our favorite Irish breakfast tea. We have tried other Irish breakfast teas and they seem to be bitter. This one is very smooth blend and a great pick me up for early mornings.
Tastes great and love low sugar and high protein.
Great product, just as described. Arrived quickly in perfect condition.
I recently returned to the U.S. after spending almost 2 years in Japan. I was craving certain dishes that I ate while overseas but using most rice sold in stores stateside, it just wasn't the same. This brand is actually very famous and popular in Japan and--although it's a tad bit expensive--it is perfect. The flavor and texture is spot on and it's well worth the money. I highly recommend this product.
Ordered this for a ladies party and they loved it served with Brie. Great product, yet a bit pricey, but would probably buy again.
Love it! Had it at Corky's in Memphis.
This Coffee is my and my husband's anniversary gift to each other. this coffee is GREAT!!! We will be reordering.
I've tried many others and this by far is the best. It cost a little more, but well worth the money!
Excellent vanilla bean paste and a great price also
Surprisingly good. A tad peppery but good...
it is instant but tastes like filter coffee.
Top quality taste with a powerful bold flavor. A great balanced product with a rich combination of strong and sweet; Provides an intense aroma and delicious aftertaste. An ideal ground coffee for an ultra-strong robust yet smooth classic cup of coffee;
Makes a great sangria
no more mashing garlic and shaving ginger!
GREAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is a much healthier choice.
Great smoke flavor and good heat level.
This is a great addition to pancake and waffle batters, especially made from scratch and/or yeast-raised. Easier to balance the taste and the moisture level of the batter than with liquid buttermilk.
Very tasty snack. Great flavor. Once I started it was hard to put the jar down!
Love this stuff. I admit, I prefer a stronger bergamot flavor than a lot of people I know, and this delivers. I haven't had any trouble with aged packets, either. Interestingly, the box I got seemed to be a different manufacturing spec than the previous Stash tea I'd had, as the strings on the teabags were notably longer - by at least an inch. (Which I prefer, to be honest.) The tea was great in either case, so it's just a minor curiosity. Definitely recommended!
They're great, flavors are great, but they do mess up in the Keurig 2.0. Not all of them, but about 3 out of 5 do, just as a heads up for anyone that may be looking....
Very delicious! Smelled wonderful also. I would recommend this to all of my friends.
Love these! Love the variety this company offers. Taste good too.
Great selection to chose from
It was a gift for a coworker who enjoyed these as a kid. He could never find any other than small bags and he said this was the best gift he ever received.
I like the size of the popped kernals, fluffy and flavorful. When I pop it very few kernals fail to pop. I bought it for my personal use and loved it so much I ordered a 6 lb. bag for my son and daughter-in-law. They love it too!
Great for birthday party
Great company no complaints order the kit but a few arrived almost empty from shipping it was leaking everywhere. Seller reached out to see how everything went explained and Checked the mail there was a replacement there HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
I love these kind bars! Very tasty and healthy! Great snack option!
Taste great less filling... Eat one before gym time to keep keto gains going
Hubby likes it. Convienient for work since he's the only one that drinks decaffeinated coffee
Sometimes when you buy these packets it's mostly air and only half filled with coffee. These are pretty full, which is surprising in a good way. Coffee isn't bad for instant stuff, either.
Thank you for the Salt-Free chips!!!
Great service and it came fast
I order these caramels often. They are the best...and I can't have chocolate so they have become my "go-to" candy.
Cheaper than in the store~
I have been using Planters products for most of my life (I am 60) and very much enjoyed the products. Not anymore, the Peanuts I purchased are much better and taste more like Peanuts than the Planters nuts. I would highly recommend this product to everyone!!!!!
I NEVER liked fruitcake. Then I had this one. Delicious.
Excellent quality lime leaves. My husband and I love a good bowl of Tom Yum soup, and it is hard to have all the necessary ingredients on hand in a fresh state, so having dried is wonderful.
I really enjoyed these chips. Kind of a cross between lays and Kettle brand. Seasoned well and not many broken chips. I highly recommend.
I ordered the Lamb variety and was definitely not disappointed. It was delightful! The taste is out of this world. Great product. If you like lamb, you will love these. I was a little surprised to see that they were 1 oz. packages. They do contain 2 portions, though. I found them to be very satisfying.
Love this cereal for the high fiber and low sugar. Don't let the box of six fool you though. You can buy 6 boxes thru Walmart and pay the same exact thing. You are not saving anything.
Great tasting, mellow cup of tea!!
These are great if your trying to avoid the crap ingredients found in most jerky. tasty beef flavor, softer than jerky.
Looked awesome. Arrived early.
We love conversation hearts, this was an excellent purchase. They are fresh, very happy we found them! Fast shipping, packaged securely!
Low cal high protein plant-based option. Great to add to a pasta or veggie dish. Easy to take with me because it doesn't have to be refrigerated.
Prompt delivery and good product.
My husband purchased this, to inject our turkey . It turned out SO GOOD! The meat was very tender , and flavorful!!!
I LOVE this eggnog flavoring. I used to buy Keurig Spiced Eggnog k cups and they stopped making them. I began looking for another brand and just couldn't find one seasonal or otherwise. I put 4 drops of this on a 10oz cup of freshly made coffee and it is a perfect replacement. Bonus: it is a heck of s lot cheaper than the k cups were too!
I'm officially addicted to this spread. Perhaps it has something to do with the “natural caramel flavor” ingredients, whatever that means. Either way I keep ordering more.
Wonderful sweetener! My husband and I use it in our coffee every morning and absolutely love it! It has a Carmel flavor that is delicious.
We love this tea and it was delivered quickly.
excellent product, fast delivery and excellent packaging thank you very much
My favorite seasoning - have been searching for this large container, for a while
I love these looking for them everywhere.
I love Redmond Real Salt and buy it all the time. But I ordered this shaker for convenience. Works very well to take my favorite salt on the go.
Love frappuccino. Great start for the day, and afternoon. I put mine in freezer for a bit, almost like icecream Bottle won't bust Heaven
AWESOME......that's all I have to say
We will definitely buy again. It's be coming out to go seasoning.
Like the larger size package for some good tasting coffee. Also fun to mix with another flavor.
These cake mixes are excellent. Quick & easy, great flavors!!
Have been using aleppo for spicing up various foods for about 10 years now, and The Spice Way product is the best I've ever used. This was my second order, and I'll be devoted to this company from now on!
Awesome buy! Great taste and value!
Love my cinnamon and sugar. Just what I had been looking for.
Use this Popcorn for the very best in taste. Fresh with a little salt and butter ....WOW.
Coffee in the morning, this tea in the afternoon. Works out perfectly!
I got this hot sauce to prank my roommates with. I just used a large drop and their mouths were burning!
Life be the flavor. Not too overbearing and is quite smooth.
I like everything about this product. I buy them for my father. He loves them.
Box came damaged but amazon fixed it right away! This rice milk is a staple in our allergy free home!
The package came melted and the ice pack wasnt cold.🙁
Good quality. Excellent taste. Will purchase from this company again.
This is a great product! If you in the Keto diet and love coffee Fat Fuel is a great way to start your day, you have your fats and caffeine all in one!!!
Make sure you have use for all of it within a few days... I did not and had to throw some away because it started to rot.
Good quality milk chocolate rivals the Belgian brands.
This stuff is fantastic. For the perfect baby back rub, I use this, a light dusting of Kiva Ghost Pepper powder for heat (go easy with it!!!) and a light dusting of brown sugar to chase the heat with a little sweetness. When you bite into it you first taste the sweet then the heat hits... It's the bomb dot com!
Great coffee. Having it delivered every month. Lots of varieties and so far like all of them.
I already buy this but, found it cheaper through here. I love that I don't have to keep buying little boxes in the store ( usually comes with 6) this is a better quantity for me. I eat this in the morning before leaving to work and it holds me good. I recommend this product.
This really straightens out my posture when I put it on. Can't wait to see if I can adapt to better posture overtime. I usually wear it when I'm gaming since that's where I don't usually realize how I'm sitting.
Personally I love this treat. Now for some it might be too sweet or gooey. But I've had many types of Turkish delight and I've gotta say this is a good plain type to have around... that's if you are not looking for something fancy like the rose water kind or added nuts like the others have. Either way, I enjoyed it and will probably order again.
Was a hostess gift and it was well received.
Fantastic product! Great for fighting inflammation!!
The taste is good and I take it for cancer
Excellent clean fresh Raspberry flavor. All the LorAnn Oils I have used, are excellent. I recently added a little of the Raspberry and also Lemon Oil to some Violet Syrup I was making. A little goes a long way!
Great tea flavor, preserved in can, great container.
The black cocoa has a very nice rich flavor AND it's not too strong for every-day baking.
Nice product with no bitter taste which happens often with chicory. We drink it alone or with coffee.
Great snacks kids are them up
I don't know what I would do without this popcorn. It is so delicious !!!
Kenyan tea is the best, and this was not a disappointment. Still had reasonable time left till expiration.
Paired with peanut butter for healthy study snacking - appreciated by my grandson.
Mix peanut better, honey, and the brewers yeast. The peanut better definitely hides the horrible taste. Tried it with my oatmeal and almost threw up. Ha
My recipient enjoyed this gift.
Great taste! Love these cookies. Light cookies that works with milk or coffee. Could use a "much bigger" bag. The last cookie comes too fast.
I ordered this because I saw a recipe that my niece made using this. I ordered it. I love it and have reordered. I use it in place of coffee. Iced coffee too. I can't recommend it enough
Great product. Full of flavor! Highly recommend.
This cake topper fit my 8inch round layer cake perfect. The color was nice and vibrant. My son loved his spider man cake.
Oh my god. I had no idea nori scaled up in quality like this. Working with it you immediately notice its fragrance and what this product brings to your sushi. I loved it.
nice flavor to this tea. will purchase again when I use what I bought since 2 boxes will last me a good while.
Quick to ship and product just as described ! The best cherries ever ! The best to make an old fashioned !
Super yummy! I'm so happy I bought the individual packets. They are perfect to pop in your bag for a healthy yummy snack on the go
This is the best vanilla I've ever used. Absolutely amazing. It's very pricey, so I use it sparingly, but wow, is it ever good.
I love these crunchy things! Hard to find.
It tastes so good. I love putting it in protein shakes but it is really good to mix with water and put on toast.
It has helped me cut back on unhealthy habits considerably in the first week. Love the cinnamon roll flavor. Couldn't really tell the difference between the vanilla and mocha but they were still good. Didn't care for the winter green.
This is one of the most versatile seasoning available!!!! It is great on pork, fish, shrimp and chicken. It adds good flavor and a little zest. I have been using this for years and I use it as my secret ingredient in many dishes!
Another great job by the beautiful people at BRCC. Thank you for such a Super Duper cup of Joe.
Can't stop eating these. Very yummy!
This works great with my diet
Good flavor and low in carbs. Nice snack for my keto diet.
Thickens as it should.
would buy this again
It melted very nicely and mixed well with cocoa. The chocolate I made turned out perfect!
I drink this before I hit the gym and I feel lots of energy. Seems very good quality and am looking forward to enjoying the benefits of wheat grass powder.
better than the other brands as far as price & taste
So good! Tastes just like Oreos and the wafer part was nice and crispy!
Love it. I will see how much it helped when I go into labor
it is an awesome cough drop. works wonders
Love these soft caramels. They are the best.
Part of a loot bag gift for my granddaughter's birthday party. Her mother loved this ice cream growing up,so now we are onto a new generation of dehydrated ice cream lovers.
Adds greatly to my protein daily intake.
I am allergic to cocoa, and dairy and gluten. Finding this bar was a chocolate lovers dream! It really tastes like a chocolate bar! To be sure, I had a chocolate eating friend try it and she liked it too.
This is a beautifully balanced coffee with great aroma and finishing notes. I personally like dark coffees but I was aware when purchasing this it was not a dark coffee and I'm reviewing on this overall item as a medium coffee. If you like medium coffee than you will be greatly pleased with this bean. Everything about this coffee will make you appreciate this bean and this origin of panama. If you like dark coffee I suggest doubling the coffee amount but with this being said, you will not appreciate the price of this one because you will not get your moneys worth quantity wise but you'll appreciate the quality of this bean. Your nose will love the aroma, your palate the taste, and the finishing notes.
My favorite coffee. Roasted just right, rich and smooth flavor.
I love this Torani syrup because it is sugar free, but still has a great taste. I use the caramel flavor for my coffee, but I like the raspberry flavor for making tea. I could not find the raspberry flavor in any grocery store in town, so thank you Amazon for having it for me.
My husband looks everywhere for these snack crackers in our area and can't find them. Checked Amazon....Success! Will order more!
Beautiful honey!!! It arrived quickly with a thoughtful note from the family who grow the honey. It feels good to support a family business but even better when what they produce is so delicious!