The product was faulty and seller offered refund and asked that I take down my previous bad review. It's been 2 weeks and I still haven't seen a refund. The diffuser worked fine for about a month (long enough to be out of the return policy) then stopped. Not worth the $40
I never got my item even though it said delivered.
Absolutely cannot get lotion out of bottle... despite storing it upside down! I will have to throw out.f
Was not a kit, was only a small individual box of lipstick.
Globe Department Store is where money came from.I have used Pure Grace for 10 years and this bottle smells like rubbing alcohol. I'm taking it to a lab with my real bottle for analysis. this stuff smells totally fake.
It's used by many people wasn't new at all Very stringy and stretch our hair was falling out of the wig
After reading and watching the other reviews I decided to order this hair and I hate that I did. This hair is on the level of some low equality Beaty supply pack hair and to be honest I've had some better pack hair then this “ virgin hair”. I had a blunt cut straight bob and it kept flipping up like a kick stand. I li tried it curled and the curls dropped within a hour or so. These other reviewers are either lying, never had good quality hair or got a better batch than me. Idk!!LADIES ORDER AT YOUR OWN RISK
This product didn't come, and if it would have came it took about 3 months to come.
I bought these bottles with the intention of mixing essential oils in them. The spray hardly works and they leak frequently. Would not recommend for use with essential oils.
I DID EVERY SINGLE THING THE INSTRUCTIONS SAID, AND THIS STILL LEFT ME WITH NO SHINE, SLIGHTLY LIGHTER HAIR, AND DRY ENDS. THIS ONE WAS NOT A WINNER!!!!!! PS MY HAIR IS PROFESSIONALLY HIGHLIGHTED EVERY 5 WEEKS. SHE HAD TO DO A CONDITIONING TREATMENT ON MY HAIR! FROM NOW ON, ONLY CLEAR SHINE AT THE SALON FOR ME!!!
This thing is a joke. 1. It doesn't provide warm steam. Am I wrong to assume steam is usually warm? This thing is a mister NOT A STEAMER. 2. It turns on for 3-5 seconds and then turns off. You have to shake it to get it to work again. 3. Instructions are in a foreign language.
These are whole teeth. They are not hollow. If you are missing a tooth these may be for you if you can get a proper adhesive!!!
battery does not hold a charge as it should, have to recharge before each use, then slows down before finishing use.
This is awful. It has good ingredients but really affected my eyes. My contacts felt blurry after a couple hours and I had to take them out as soon as I got home from work. I immediately wiped the eyeliner off with my makeup remover and my eyelids were so puffy the rest of the night and the next day. So disappointed because the color was a perfect black and seemed like it would stay on all day, but can't wear it again.
I've been trying to curl my hair for hours and can not get it to do anything. The included instructions seem like someone put them in to google translate. I'm going to find more YouTube videos, but so far I'm totally bummed.
Don't Buy, not worth it.
Didn't work for my 16 months old baby. He still sucks his thumb even if I just put a few coats on his nail. Sad.
Not working with my computer. Will return. It is probably me. Will try one more computer.
I always use this product and love it. I've been ordering it for a long time. However, this most recent time I received two bottles and it was not the OGX conditioner in the bottle! Someone had clearly replaced it with a cheaper thick heavy conditioner, and I tried it in my hair and it was awful! It was so sticky and hard to wash out and my hair looked horrible afterwards. I had to throw it all away. Amazon sent me a replacement but it it's concerning that this would happen. I'm not sure if I can ever trust ordering this from amazon again!
These are easy to apply, but taking off the other side of the film is not. I put nails on at night and they already starting falling off the next afternoon. These aren't for long time use
I did not receive my item.
I was really excited about it but it was a broken!!!!!
I knew this was a fake for only $3 but I ordered it at the end of Oct 2018 and it's early Mar 2019 and it still hasn't come in. I just wanted to see if this was anything like the real one but when I never get it, this is rediculous.
I can't write a proper review because the package I received was empty. Literally.
very distorted. cannot use
Item was delivered to wrong address. I was provided a photo of the item by the delivery person. It was in front of someone else's door. Item has not been received and there doesn't appear to be a way to contact Amazon about it.
Cheap, flimsy fabric. Didn't even come complete, had to send it back.
Ends don't come together to allow hairs to be gripped. Don't waste your money on these. I ended up throwing them away.
Gillette Mac 3 is much better , so sorry I bought this one... Bad purchase....
Acetone and nail polish thinner are two different things. This product is 100% acetone! Basically it's overpriced nail polish remover. Adding acetone will thin your nail polish yes, but it will also change the color of the nail polish, destroy the structure, and when applied on the nail will damage the nail structure over period of time. If you're a fan of expensive nail polishes stay away from this product! I've ruined two bottles of my favorite nail polish before I realized that it was 100% acetone!
Horribly packaged! The Blush came broken in pieces and there's no way to get a refund or replacement. So ridiculous
This did nothing for my skin, I might has well have used water. Couldn't feel or see any difference.
Smells old. Not at alll like my original one when I first got it.
DO NOT BUY! These caps are WAY too small for anyone who has hair.
They're very stiff and the clip falls off with one use
I have not received today is 16th - was supposed t be here 15th
Just other reviewers mentioned, I got breakouts on my chin and forehead. Shea butter is one of its ingredients and this is not good for sensitive skin though it can be moisturizing for the body not for sensitive face.
Just no! This SPF runs into your eyes and makes them burn. There is a whitish cast to it as well. Hard pass on this.
I ordered three separate orders from this seller, and NONE of my orders arrived. BUY ELSEWHERE.
This hair is not good at all very disappointed this hair is always nappy I always have to comb it gets very tangled . I will Never purchase this hair wast of money.
Sucks! Doesn't even work! Waste of money!
Didn't come on time as all my Amazon Prime orders do when they say they will.
Toke forever to get my eyeliner stamps, haven't tried them yet.
Its just bot full very bare and so not worth 25.00
Has a chemical smell reminiscent of hospital antiseptic. Doesn't go very far- lots of pumps for a body wash. Wish I could sent it back. Definitely won't purchase again.
Didn't find these brushes useful.
I love the scent and everything, but I probably won't buy it from this store again. It leaked in the packaging and was literally everywhere. Almost a 1/8 of it was gone because no one at their store bothered to make sure the lid was on all the way.
I was not sent what I ordered. What I recieved SUCKS. it's not organic it smells horrible and the chemicals made me nauseous
When I placed the order, the website listing said 6 packs of 25. I received 3 packs of 25. When I clicked back on the order link it showed 3 packs of 25 as what I was buying. I would never pay that price for 3 packs of 25. All of the reviews indicate 150 wipes was the product ordered. Other purchasers indicate they had the same problem. Amazon did make it right.
I bought this because I read all the positive reviews. It had the opposite effect for me. I bought it to generally use as a hand lotion to soften and moisturize my hands. It has done the complete opposite. It has dried out my hands and left them looking scaly - literally! This was after about a week of using it. It has also left my hands so dry that I am snagging my clothing when I have to put clothes on or adjust them, especially nylons. I am sending it back. I'll go back to my previous hand lotion, which never left them dry. I just tried this because it supposedly had healthier ingredients and didn't leave a greasy residue.
No change. Maybe it's just my skin type
I received broken and sent a message to seller and no response it's been one month won't buy from carrier again.
Killed my hair. I'm Asian, with normal thickness hair, straight, dyed hair. Avoid like the plague if you know what's good for you.
This products SUCKS. I tried 4 patches in a row and it did not work at all. This product should not even be on amazon. What a waste of $20. And it is very uncomfortable when you put it on.
It was used when I received it though I most definitely clicked on the new option.The colors look nice but I can't bring myself to touch the pallets. The dark blue color was emptied to the edges as if it had been used though there was a sticker on the opening as if it were a new product. It is otherwise as pictured and was delivered on time.
These are so cheaply made that just opening the clasp can break it.
I have been waiting for a very long time. My order was never received even though the records show it as delivered. I was here all day, that includes the time of 'delivery'. The package was never delivered.
False advertising!!!! I didn't think to read the oz. considering the picture! Very deceptive
Shattered in transit.
Looks like ba friggin clown wig! Arrived frizzy like someone already tried wearing it! No.
Received and lm sending it right back. It's lopsided, shelves don't stay on,the main dividers don't fit in the base correctly! Don't waste your time! If I could give it no stars I would.
They sent me the wrong product. Bummer
Used the product before and it works great - would give 5 stars for that but the seller shipped it in a large envelope instead of a box. Since it had no protection, it exploded in the package. Very disappointing
This is metal and hard to maneuver on your face
Super bent when I got it and a diamond fell off. It wasn't wrapped safely
Did not smell the way I expected. The scent did not last long at all. Will not purchase again.
Hair lasted one event before it was tangled and matted waste of money for a overpriced synthetic wig that you can only use once
Terrible! I couldn't get it off of my lips, teeth, or face!
Just received this rosehip oil and unfortunately it smells like rancid fish oil supplements. The smell is noxious when opening the bottle, but I tried some on my hand to see if the odor would possibly dissipate. Very wishful thinking as I smell like dead fish and it has been over 30 mins. Very disappointed.
This does not work and I am the exact skin and hair type they say it will work on.
I thought this was the same as the authentic stuff I had but it is not! It smells about the same but I ran out of it in like 2 weeks (the same size in the other lasted me 6 months) this was a watered down version and did NOT work the same either!!! I was SO sad!!!
I really liked the product and used it everyday. I liked the fact that it was portable and I traveled with it often. However, I purchased it in August and it did not last until the end of October.
Love the product but sellers need to pack it properly. One bottle's cap was destroyed and the product was all over the box and the other bottles. I lost about 50% of the product in one bottle so instead of a deal, this turned out to be an expensive item. Simple fix - tape the tops down. Wrap vertically - not horizontally.
I ordered and paid for two sets of soaps but only received one set. Are you sending the second set separately? I need them ASAP as they are part of a Christmas present.
I was very disappointed in this product. Opened it on Monday and although I closed it after examining it, it was almost completely dried out within 24 hours and it did not draw the lines as advertised. Glad i didn't spend much on it cuz it was a waste. 🤨
Doesn't stay on more then 30 minutes
It doesn't look at the picture at all and all it did was hurt my head
Very chemically smell, didn't really see it helped my skin any.
Did not do anything for me. No difference
didn't pair...returned it
I buy Sally Hansen Products locally ALL THE TIME, this bottle was shaped differently and although it was sealed, the polish peeled and chipped immediately. I have never experienced this with any Sally Hansen products. It didn't even smell the same. I believe this is no name polish with a Sally Hansen label on it. I would not recommend this item from this seller.
Ripped the first day I got it!!! Now it has a big hole in it!!! Cheap!!
Reformulated in Jan 2018 - horrible. Super runny, no lather. Seems like a ploy to get you to use 2-3x as much product each wash as it just flops everywhere when you try and squeeze a little amount out. My breakouts are back to what there were before. The old formula had pretty much cleared me up. One week with this new one and I'm back to being self-conscious again. I'm going to scour local drugstores for the old version and if I can't find it, switch brands.
Loved The texture. But The quantity is a fraud! And you cant even open it to see The real quantity. Its like they sold me “air” only few splashes came out
This product seems like a cheap marker. I feel like I could take my crayola markers and get a better line. It definitely stays on and won't come off but doing second coats for a bolder look or correction don't really work. I also store it with the point facing down and still don't get enough out of the tip. I thought I'd try it for the price and unfortunately it just didn't work for me.
Dose not work at all. If you want it so you can drool all over then it works otherwise makes snoring worse. Wakes you up coking. So save your money.
Does not work. Hardly shows up even on my pale skin. Hardly gives a tan.
Did not get is order
This product has changed since I started using it, it was oily, actually separated into an oily goo when I squeezed it out. Very disappointing. I threw it away and changed to Covergirl.
As soon as I opened it, I didn't like it because the product looks old and used and rusted. I decided to give it a try but it took like half an hour to heat up . In addition to it , I don't like the curling iron. It doesn't curl at all . Straightener is good though. I am returning the item.
Leaving my package 📦 outside my door I do not like I just order a blow dryer and now it's gone cause somebody done took it off my porch if I'm not home can you just take it back to the post office
Didn't Like the smell at all. I put it on my face but it was way too greasy. I heard that it was good for scars from acne but I wouldn't recommend if you have oily skin... It really had a fishy scent to it
I did not like it at all! I feel like this is counterfeit, it burned my lips. I have the same exact product which is the reason why I purchased this one and I did not feel my lips burning with my previous one.
Product does not stay on. Very hard to use.
pretty, but broke after using it once.
My face turned red and burning after I applied it few minutes later. It's really terrible! Want to return it.
From first use, these left tiny black dots all over the area I was blending. I do not recommend these at all!
My family spends most of our summer either at a baseball field or at the beach. We have been using this Coppertone product for years and have been pleased with the results. That all ended with this purchase. When I saw it was cheaper on Amazon than the local store I ordered it. The spray is worthless. We've gotten sunburned both times we used the spray from this order. Threw what was left away and will no longer purchase this product from Amazon. If I could give it zero stars I would.
I never recived this !!!!
Where is my product, i have not recieved it yet?
I received this product with no micro-crystalline probe instead there were 2 large circular probes. I thought maybe they made a mistake so I returned the item and bought a new one thinking they wouldn't make the same mistake twice. Well, I was wrong because they sent me the new suction with no micro-crystalline probe. I have returned both. There are suctions just as good as this one for less money and the arrival of the right product is right the first time. If you don't like playing Russian roulette with your orders then I would suggest going with another brand.
Not impressed. Barely gets warm
I'm pretty sure this is not the original model, break Down after few uses, the charger port doesn't work anymore. So really dissatisfy
I swear this made my dark circles WORSE! I can't believe this works for anyone. I also got red bumps under my eyes afterwards. Might have just had a bad reaction. DONT BUY!
Came in a bag inside a box but half of the liquid had leaked out of bottle.
DEFINITELY NOT water proof they way they say it it. It kept coming off, I even tried it with a primer and a setting spray and it wiped right off onto my black uniform. And it DEFINITELY DOES NOT come out of black clothing. I had to spent $80 on a new uniform shirt thanks to this crap.
I bought this to use in my salon. After about a month it stopped charging. Of course I had thrown the box away. The cord works, tried on a coworkers shaver... but mine won't charge anymore, and I had bought 2 additional heads to go to it
Lots of leaky tubes don't waste your money.
I wish I could give it zero stars. Not because of the hair but their shipping practices. The first order I never received my hair. I spoke to Amazon who told me they would give me a refund and then to go ahead reorder the hair, select expedited and you will get it on Friday - this was thursday when I called. Did all that and as soon as i clicked buy, it shows as arrival date MONDAY... How? How is my arrival date monday when the rep told me it would be here on Friday. Mind you I have an appointment on Saturday and ordered the FIRST hair Saturday evening - the first hair was supposed to arrive on the 31st. No communication from the seller or Amazon regarding any delays. So here it is Thursday and here it is nothing. My event on Sunday, hair appointment on Saturday and now I'm scrambling.
Pretty disappointed when it arrived. The wig looked nothing like the picture and was pretty shiny.
I have been using this exact brand and item but bought at Ulta. They are great. I got months of wear out of them. When they no longer carried it I ordered it from here. I got 2 pairs. They both did not stick to my skin at all. They couldn't be worn.....fell right off. I found them at CVS and did not have a problem with those. This was supposedly the same exact product. I'm not sure what to think but I would not recommend buying from here.
It's an ok wig if you're only going to use it once or twice, but if you're a cosplayer or plan on wearing this wig multiple times then you might want to keep looking. When I got the silver one the picture showed a middle part with no bangs but when I got it in the mail it had front bands and a tear in the head cap. You can see the cap when you move the hair around the material is thin and feels like it's going to fall out any moment. Moral of the story check the reviews before you buy a wig on Amazon
Says delivered but never received , emailed company and nothing. :( Ps. Product may be 5 star (idk) but service or lack there of is less then 1 Star.
These bottles leak if the are tipped over and when you gently shake them.
After using for half of the product, it does not do much. I have not noticed any difference or reduction in wrinkles.
I tried many times to place them to no avail. They don't make the curve of my eyes. Just go straight and don't bend. I cut them, did what they said to make them fit but still no luck. Really wish they had worked....
Never received, but paid for...
Really did not like the scent of this dry shampoo at all. It made my hair feel dry and cakey.
This product was of the lowest quality and would not apply. The eye shadows would not even make it onto the brush or apply to the eyelid, and the eyeliner would also not apply.
This was part of a present for a loved one and the top coat gel was totally broken, it was dry and all over the box (which was HUGE BTW) REALLY DISAPPOINTED. I won't buy from this seller again.
The bottle leaked and arrived only half full. The box it was packed in is covered in oil.
Bought this product because it had many great reviews, but it has not been that great for me it has made my break outs worse and has not cleared up my skin in any way. I don't recommend this product due to the price it is not worth it.
Costume quality. The top of the wig you can see right through and see the wefts.
Mine had the most unpleasant smell to it when it was wet. I used it once and had to throw it out. Very disappointed!
I never got my bands. No body responded to My email either!😡
I bought this item and it came damaged , oil spilled out. I have video of it. I emailed the company and I have not heard anything back. I will use another company with better customer service from now on!
I pumped it over 200 times and nothing cane out I opened the product and saw the was no tube inside, so this is why i was unable to pump it! This product came without box, so its either a fake product or was used before sent to me
Arrived quickly, so I can say that. Did not work and had to return -- very cheap feeling and looking device -- buyer beware.
I paid for this product and never received it so i cannot say if I liked it or not. Sorry still waiting.
The product I received is definitely a fake. The packaging and brush looks different. I've used the product for a long time and it does not look or feel the same at all. This is a scam.
Great price horrible wig, was not the wig pictured. Purchased two and both are completely different. Tangled as soon as it was applied. Very unsatisfied, false advertising.
When I opened it up it seemed like I was using 2 month old mascara. I do not recommend!
I bought 20 patches and I never felt or saw any changes.
The product was not delivery and the provider is not answering.
It's actually really pretty. But they sent me one. So that was awful. I ordered for my wedding and had to have a friend make some last minute instead.
I love the product; however, ordering online is a mistake. One of the caps came off and there was a soap mess in the box.
I've had this mirror for less than 1 month & the charging port is already not working. I put.good Energizer batteries in it & the light& it is very dim I am very disappointed with this cheap product !
Smells like vomit after you put it on. Wont recommend.
These lashes were terrible. The magnets on them are enormous and are so strong that they connect before you even get them close to each other making it impossible to put them on.
Don't waste your money, this doesn't hold magnetic eyelashes. Guess it needs to be a lot stronger magnetically to hold on lashes.
The thing came looking like a whole rat. I'm not joking this thing looked like some sort of matted dog! D I S G U S T I N G!
I received this in the mail today. I fully charged it and was so excited to use it. It turned on for less then a second and then turned off and won't turn back on. Such a disappointment and a waste of my time. I'm returning it today.
This product arrived with a profoundly stupid manufacturing error. The vertical water-level view strip, right above the "Koios" logo, has no plastic in it. Soon after you lower the water tank into the body, water comes gushing out the slot. Look below for other reviews that relay the same experience.
The scent does not last very long. I am disapointed, I don't think the cologne is authentic. Fake
I returned this item because I do not feel like it did what it was supposed to do -detangle. I felt like all I was adding to my hair was water as the tangles did not budge.
Does not work as advertised. Skip this and buy another kind does not make your foot peel does not do anything it claims to do
This product would be better served as a water sprinkler. The connection between the pump and the water pick is flawed. The water pressure of the pump forces water from the connection. One positive aspect is that you could floss and shower at the same time.
Product arrive on time, but didn't even get to open it because visible dirt and hair were inside the product box. Gross. Looks like it was used, repacked and resold. Returning promptly. Won't be getting a replacement. Bummed.
No warming at all not to shrink waist .... Made me itchy they can have it back.
I can't even write a review because I've never been able to try this product. Bought it at a store and got it home, top foil was punctured from the scoop. Bought it on here got it home, opened it, and foil was punched (and moldy this time) from the spoon. STOP PUTTING YOUR SPOON ON TOP OF THE FOIL!!! It smells really good. Wish I could try it. I give up trying at this point tho
This product came opened. The plastic was broken, no top, and partially used. I am completely grossed out.
I've only had it a couple weeks it doesnt turn on anymore when I push the button. Highly disappointed.
never received item from seller
This wig started out beautifully. Then it started shedding three days later. After shampooing and conditioning according to the instructions it became a stiff mess .The curls were no longer bouncy. It is dull, stiff and lifeless. I have lace front wigs I paid less money for that are still beautiful after 6 months and several shampoos. I am so disappointed with this purchase! I will never purchase another wig from Amazon!
Too small. Would be much better if double the size at least.
it was big and ugly. resembled a huge frisbee. drawstrings were unexpected. I've trashed it.
This is a joke and a waste of money
Ehh... hence the reason I'm looking at reviews on this product in the 1st place , smell doesn't last at all . Sprayed about 6 times & couldn't even smell the product by the time I walked outta the house . Not so good !
Stopped working in a few days
I AM NOT HAPPY WITH ONLY RECEIVING HALF OF THE PRODUCT. TOTALLY DISAPPOINTED!!! WILL NEVER BUY FROM AGAIN.
If I could give them a zero I would. Once the product came almost all of the figurines have defects. I contacted customer service and it took days to get a response but ultimately they wanted me to send photos, which I did, but they would only give me 10% of my money back. Which I never got and I told them I rather have a full refund and they can have their product but yet they told me no. So basically I wasted my money on a project that is now going in the garbage . Do not buy anything from this company. You have been warned!
Maybe I have very thick hair, but it falls off and it does not dry my hair at all. It's not worth it.
These clips broke very fast after being used for only a few times. Snagged my hair where it cracked.
Doesn't work at all.
Leaves my hair feeling like crunchy straw
Does NOT look like the picture by any means. The picture looks as though it is an even cut; nope. When on, the front is cut shorter; you cannot pull off the style in the picture. Then it is cut in a slant (almost asymmetrical cut). You will have to cut it, I wasn't expecting this and I am upset about that. I had always been looking for a simple cut but, yeah, not here. There is also a mound that forms on the top where it would need to be thinned out. Overall, I am disappointed.
The head stand doesn't fit ANY of my wig heads and is not sturdy
Terrible... I painted my nails and my friends and the next day they were all bubbles and started peeling day 2. I am returning
I very seldom complain about products. But this item is worthless. I used the real deal Jade East in my youth. This is NOT the original product. This jade east is not same color nor is the scent. Original had a dark mossy color and long lasting scent. This stuff dissipates within 15 min. A waste of money
It was great at first. However after about three months, I notice the performance was becoming poorer by the day. The water pressure is good for about one week with new batteries then very weak. I tried different types of batteries, always same outcome. So I bought rechargeable batteries to use. But after another 10 months, the waterpick stopped working all together.
I needed a new travel mirror. This one broke on my first trip. I travel for work weekly and have never had this issue with my other mirror. The case is of poor quality and feels cheap. Don't waste money on this.
Did not work for Shih Tsu dry eyes
I really do like their other products, their face cream, and their body creams are great, which is why I thought I would try their face cleanser but it is just terrible. It is thin and very watery, it leaves my face dry and tight feeling and worst of all is the smell. It smells like the stuff they use to clean rest stop bathrooms, I'm just going to throw it away. I really didn't want to give it any stars at all.
Too much hair at the top, not enough in the back. Can see the wig threads and it's cheaply put together. I've bought cheap wigs before and they weren't as awful as this one.
The wire on one side broke right after I took it out of the pack. I was very disappointed. I sent it back and got a refund.
Irritates my eyes, makes them watery and blurs vision.
First, these refills would not fit into my Revlon eyelash curler. It's a standard metal one-nothing fancy. These refills are way to thick to fit. I used pliers to open up the curler area and to make the refill fit. I rigged it well enough but the refills are way too squishy as in my eye lashes the curler is unable to hold my lashes. A complete waste of time and money. In addition, I ruined my perfectly functioning eye lash curler to try to get the squishy eye lash curler refills to fit. These refills were comparable to using a sponge to curl eyelashes. Ugh!!!!!!!!!!! I did not want to give this product any stars but had to to be able to submit the review!
I just got permanent retainers on upper and lower teeth. Bought Super Floss and found the plastic threader is so flimsy and bends, I can't get it through the teeth. I tried the floss on teeth without the retainers and it shreds leaving fibers stuck in the teeth, cuts into my fingers and between some teeth won't even slide down. Want a refund!
I got 2 gig wax 18oz and received it today and it was 14oz I didn need the 14oz
Not a big fan they super greasy and cones right off. Have to keep reapplying .
I received way more tops than bottles--some that made no sense, AND NO TOPS for the smallest bottles. It was kind of a disaster. I would not recommend ordering this product.
Came late, missed the wigs for Anime Expo
My hair is medium length and I was expecting soft curls. What I got was a total frizz bomb. Would not recommend these rollers unless you want to look like Albert Einstein with a day old perm.
Worst experience ever. I ordered this hair to be delivered next day and it was not delivered on time also when I finally received the order I was sent four packs of the goddess faux locs and two packs of Senegalese twist crochet hair instead. I contacted customer service To get the correct share sent to me and I was told that I wouldn't be able to get a replacement and that I can only get a full refund however I need it for here ASAP for my baby shower so I did not want to get a refund I just wanted the correct hair. I asked for the sellers information to possibly get a replacement and I was again told that the seller could not even replace the hair. I'm very disappointed with this purchase.
I assumed that this product would completely remove my Too Faced mascara, but instead it makes a huge mess that has to be cleaned off with makeup wipes.
This is the picture displayed on the right. What I received was the pic on the left
Mines didn't come nothing good on my 10 pack I give this 1 star kinda disappointed
Received item used. I see there are ink stains on some of the cups. Not very sanitary at all.
These bags look they have a sheen and they're very matte/flat. Construction and materials are low-quality. Amazon gave these a high rating so I went with their recommendation. My daughter will probably like them but they're junky. You get what you pay for. I ordered these for my daughter's birthday and was never provided any information except that they would be late due to bad weather. The status continued to say they would be delivered on the 8th before 8 p.m. When I contacted Amazon on the 9th they told me that the products had been lost and they would not be delivered. The status on the items were never updated. I have shopped on Amazon for years and have had this issue a few times. I have lost faith that items will be delivered within the two-day timeframe. Amazon did agree to provide me with next day shipping, which still made the items late.
I can't say anything good because my package was stolen and the delivery just left my package outside Instead of buzzing my bell I have 210 units in my building why would you leave it outside
My husband chewed through it in three days
OK as far as function, but not too powerful. Charge lasted less and less, maybe used 15 times and now won't go through one shave. spend extra on a name brand
Top broke and is sealed shut. Item not eligible for return I'm pretty pissed.
Arrived shattered although the box it arrived in was completely fine. It seemed to have a lot of styrofoam padding so I'm not sure why it broke. Ordered a replacement but the other reviews seem to state the second is also coming broken. If ordering as a gift order with enough time to order a second if needed.
Only smell good but doesn't moisturize at all
Stamper will not pick up design. I tried different types of polish, different plates, followed manufacturer instructions. It only picked up the design once, but then refused to transfer design to nail. I was really looking forward to a clear stamper and this was a huge disappointment
I used it twice a day for 2 weeks and I didn't see any results I gave up on it
I am an avid Amazon purchaser, and I thought these lashes would be a perfect addition to my makeup routine. I opened the package and they are HUGE. They are extremely LONG, and overly thick, and for a normal-sized eye person like myself, when I applied them they go up AND past my eyebrows. The entire website claims they are natural lashes...yet they can't possibly be. I ordered one set thinking it was a mistake but I have now ordered another set and they are the exact same gigantic size. Don't be fooled by all the positive ratings. They are unwearable.
Did not fizz at all and they all smelled the same. Return was easy.
This product seems like its gone through no quality control but makes huge claims of being a high quality. The bottle has absolutely no product info.They seriously placed a piece of tape on the lid as a seal that had come of its on when being shipped. No list of ingredients, just a doctor browns sticker. Nothing about it was inspiring any authenticity. Don't remember seeing a best used by date .I sent it back. I love my hair.
Ordered mine. It never came. I'm so disappointed
This is a completely inferior product. Don't buy.
When I received it there was signs of dry soap around the top but I didn't think anything of it now that my other soap ran out I opened this bottle and it had no smell and look water down
i tried perming it twice and it didn't work for me either time. I had no issues during the actual process, the lid guard stayed perfectly in place on the lash line, lashes never became unstuck, it just didn't work. i thought i did something wrong the first time so i tried once more with a bit more carefulness but still, my lashes are straight.
It was spilled all over inside the envelop when it was delivered, no safety seal. When I tried to request a refund, it said not eligible for refund, contacted seller and sent picture, no further response. Posted review twice but nothing showed up, what is going on?!
I've been applying this gel to a small keloid scar for about 3 weeks and do not see a difference so far, but perhaps it takes a long time.
I found a hair in my brush! Brush was returned.
Unfortunately, these replacement heads didn't work. They fit on my epilator but do not remove hair.
Never receive this item
I am so ultra-disappointed in this produce, I generally love HUM products. I have been taking Skinny Bird for the last 3 days in the hope all these crazy symptoms will go away, enough time for my body to get use to them. As instructed on the bottle, I take it 30 min prior to a meal, I felt, sick to my stomach, dizzy, nauseous but coped in the hopes it is going to end once I get use to them. Today I am at work, I took as instructed, started feeling sicker within 20 minutes to I ate thinking it may help.... good go.... I really thought it was my last day on earth. So scary, I closed my office door and feeling so scared, I was having sever cold sweats from head to toe.... drenched....my face was white as a ghost.... shaking, heart beat a million miles an hour....trembling...blurred vision.....felt I was going to faint or get in a coma...AT WORK!!! OMG I am so scared......I had to work so hard to control my breathing, put my head on the table to calm me down. It took me a good 3 hours to fell half decent. PLEASE DON'T BUY THIS DANGEROUS PRODUCT. It's a bummer I must unfortunately throw them away, they were expensive, and can't be returned.
Product wasn't as described. The curls were more l Jerry curl not wavy as the picture.
The product is Clinique Instant Lift for Brows. It did not come in the box it is sold in at Department Stores. When I opened the brow color top, I found the crayon jagged. The highlighter side is scratched. I took photos of both sides. It's hard to see, but they have definitely been used. I order this on November 12, 2018, and it arrived today, November 20, 2018. I am going to return it. This seller should be avoided.
How do I receive the got to be glued gel?
I love the mascara that they have because it doesn't have nasty chemicals in it like most makeup does. But the eyeliner got hard after a very short time and I can't even use it. Irritated.
The texture, smell is exactly like the original product. Have been blessed with skin that barely breaks out. I had break out every single time I applied it. The product from Sephora never does this. Order from Sephora. Something wrong here
This item does not work! Unfortunately, I waited to late to return it. It does not remove eyebrow hair. Very disappointed with such a waste of money.
Just got them in the mail and they're not the ones pictured or described. They were supposed to be solid stainless steel. Even in the FAQ they said they were solid stainless steel with no rubber grips/inserts in the fingers. Instead I got ones that have sparkley purple inserts in the finger holes. Not worth returning but will not buy from seller again.
I ordered Body Wash and received Olive oil Shampoo. How do I return it? I still want my Body Wash!!!
Product arrived damaged.. not eligible for returns or exchange.. I would have been willing to pay more for shipping if I knew packaging would be an issue, the package was literally crushed when it got here and the product was leaking..
This is another scam! Not the scent. Not even close. And cannot be returned! Do not buy! Its only toliet water. Not perfume!! Outraged at the terrible misrepresentation on Amazon!!! Do not buy!!
Should have returned it but it came to late. Does not work good
Didn't notice any changes at all. Total waste of money
Do not buy this item. It's fake! Not the real lotion. It was sticky and smelled like a very diluted version of the lotion. It was a waste of my money. I won't buy from this seller again. I had to select a star to write a review. But I say no stars for this product.
These are cheap for a reason. They are so stiff. They don't wraparound. I threw them away.
I ordered Lavender Vanilla, but received Lavender Calming. Not worth sending back, but will never order again!
The machine did not work properly. The instructions say it should feel hot but not burn. It never even got warm. Also for the money it cost it sure was cheaply made. Light weight plastic box. So disappointed.
Disgusting. This is NOT the same replacement head for Flawless hair remover - are you kidding me? What is this made out of? No way it's gold plated because it gave me a rash!!! Disgusting. Can not believe I put this on my face. Look at my pictures for proof this is a fake - REAL ONE IS ON THE LEFT. shipped from China, gave me a rash - I should have known when it didn't stay when I twisted it on.
The product was expired for over a year. I am so angry that this would be sent to me in such a manner.
This product was terrible, I wouldn't waste time or money on it. I received my kit and the machine didn't work, when I sent it back they said they had worked on it and it was fine and sent it back to me in the exact condition I had sent it to them in. It still did not work!!!! I am in the process of trying to get a refund but I'm not even sure if they will give me that. So frustrating.
This item is very cheaply made. both small ones broke and today the medium one broke. I have fine hair and I was only using it on half of my hair and they broke instantly. I would love my money back as I am now down to one and it is too big for a simple high puff.
This items arrived completely empty. How do I get my money back?
I got a package of 6 sharpie markers....not B.B. oil.
Did nothing for me. Would return if I could
Didn't receive product yet...
There's no spray nozzles,don't like the fragrances most of them smell like mens cologne
I bought this item for its portability during my trip to Iceland, but the one time I plugged it in (using a universal adaptor) and turned it on, it suddenly smelled like something was burning and made a pop sounds, then stopped working. What a waste of real estate in my already limited suitcase space. Didn't even get to use it once. Dangerous and worthless for my purposes.
I don't recommend these. Mine arrived and one of the lashes is missing the outer magnet so they won't lay right or even stay on. Since this only contains one full pair, I can't use them.
I opened the box to see that all sponges looked dirty, like they had been run over by a truck dirty! Not only that, the order was supposed to be 8, I received 6. Ironically, there was a sticker on the box stating it was inspected by Amazon, so that makes me think someone needs a new job. Yikes. I can't return them, but Amazon did say they will gladly refund my money. You're really taking a risk by purchasing these!
I got a broken ball as well as there was a bug in the bag with the tongue rings. Not only gross but not OK when I paid the price I did and I have to clean them.
It says on the Amazon site this shipped August 21st. I still have not gotten it yet.
I loved the smell, but the liquid it in weirdly crystallized and solidified and made the product unusable, which is really disappointing when you pay this much for deodorant.
I received some spray !! I'm not sure if I should use it ! It's a diff color ,,
Very cheap material.
This is not the real product. Smells nothing like the other bottles I have purchased from stores. It sucks that it cant be sent back. I'd love to have my money back for this product.
wasn't soft at all! Really hard
The e shine gel cracks and peels off like tape.
I have to laugh just to keep from cussing and crying, it says extra small I wasn't expecting Barbie doll small. This is barley a mustache comb and definitely not a beard comb. It's smaller than my thumb. Save your money and your time unless you collect dolls or something.
Horrible even to get open and then it's so thick but says to put on a thin layer and I finally thought I got them looking good and put under my lamp and came out looking horrible with bubbles. Plus I thought it was a uv gel builder
Is not the real product, packaged differently and it doesn't work
I received the wrong product. I ordered Volumizing Shampoo and received for Oily hair Shampoo. I would like to get what I ordered but there is no way to contact this seller.
Product was inferior. They immediately fell off. Put on clean unpolished nails.
Product stopped working two days after the return window was closed. Now I'm stuck with a useless product. Very disappointed
If I can I wanna give 0 star. Too thick and hard and short with C curve? any way, we cannot use this kind of tips to clients. Threw away all the tips.
Not getting color what expected.
I have been a nail tech for 23 years, this brush is not good I'm guessing the hair is made from something different???? Can I please return this item and get my money back please?
I ORDERED IT BECAUSE ITS MY FAVORITE! BUT I RECEIVED A DIFFERENT AROMA.....STRESS RELIEF EUCALYPTUS SPEARMINT! OPENED BEFORE I NOTICED!
Poor quality and don't stick to brush
Didn't really care for it
Sticky, color not as bright as shown in ads. Had to use a LOT of it to get even a transparent hint of color (if the light it it right), and even then it felt stiff and sticky - combing through it to soften was a major chore.
WHEN AMAZON SHIPS FOR OTHERS , THE SELLER LOOKS BAD, AMAZON SHIPS FOR THEMSELVES , ALL ENDS WELL. HALF A BOTTLE IN THE BAG, HALF IN BOTTLE. I DO NOT THINK THE USUAL IS GOOD ENOUGH THIS TIME, A REFUND AND I REORDER.....THAT IS OLD AT THIS POINT. CANNOT EVAN GET 2 DAY SHIPPING RIGHT. THIS IS WAY PAST GETTING OLD. MY LAST TWO ORDERS HAVE BEEN LATE AND DAMAGED. WE PAY YOU WITHOUT DELAY , WE EXPECT THE SAME COURTESY. SOUNDS LIKE YOU ARE TAKING ON MORE THEN YOU CAN HANDLE , AS A PROFESSIONAL COMPANY. 18 YEARS IN A MONETARY AND CUSTOMER SERVICE CAREER , I HAVE AT LEAST A IDEA OF HOW TO APPRECIATE CLIENTS.
Bristles falling out of a brand new brush... the brand label on the handle looked like a different font and all. Didn't feel like a Diane brush.
Have yet to receive this even though I ordered it with prime. At one point amazon said it was lost and I requested a refund and never received the refund.
poor quality hinge and snap
I ordered this product and I never received it!!!! I called customer service and never got a response back! Very disappointing! I will never order from this company again!
Not happy with this product
The top was cracked and leaking and the oil had hardened to a wax texture.
Lost pressure in first month. Never received any response from their customer service . Total waste of money and time. Bought a different brand that works great, Do not buy this product.
DID NOT USED BECAUSE OF BEING TO SMALL, PLAN TO RETURN ( LOOK LIKE BABY SCISSORS)
WARNING - THIS IS NOT AUTHENTIC DR.JART MASKS This brand named DR.JART+ just tried to con people who don't pay attention to the real brand name.. This is the fake brand!!
Horrible and watery product. Don't buy it's not even neon
These don't work, have had previous ones but don't Remember vendor. These tops completely fall apart though meant to be used with acetone . Needed more as over years down to two only. P These are useless.
I have sensitive acne prone skin, it broke me out, even on my neck wich I never get pimples on my neck.
Realistically couldn't tell you if it's a good item or not - the handle was not included (it was described as 1 handle, 2 refills). It's also technically not a returnable item, so I guess I have to just eat the cost of this. Pretty disappointed, as I usually like Amazon products.
We bought this product based on my hair stylists recommendation. When my husband opened it he found it to have been used. It was dirty and had someone else's hair in the blade. It also made a terrible sound when he turned it on. Company needs to step it up a bit in the quality control department. We do plan on purchasing another one, as it is supposed to be a great little trimmer, I just hope the 2nd one is not used.
Damn, they stole my product in the mailbox or they left me nothing. I only found the bag
This product was never delivered and there is no option to report a problem. Would not recommend
Can't rate product. I never received it.
I got wrong color. I was looking for auburn but my color is almost black. I used this henna. I added tea and lemon to the mixture and hold it for 4 hours. My hair is almost black and not auburn as advertised. My natural color is brown. Not sure if it advertised correctly.
Runs a lot but too late to return
The plug or seal for recharging is NOT watertight. It leaked in water while being used and died mid use. This was a Christmas gift and not used daily. While it was great while working, the seal or plug is not water proof or water tight and a drop of water got in and that was the end of it!
My box arrived empty. Amazon did refund. Me I ended up purchasing through Sephora. This Liner does not stay on all day I have to re apply several times.
It doesnt do what it says it sucks honestly
Warmer dis not function correctly had to send it back!
Ordered Nov 9 didn't show up until Nov 21st and not in their container, they were all over the shipping box and they looked dirty on the handles !!!! Returned disgusted with the Amazon service anymore.
Sometimes it works fine, but sometimes it's very noisy and less intensity even in the strongest mode. Now it's totally broken.
Buyer Beware!!! Although the OLD formula item is pictured, the NEW formula item is what was sent to me! I want the OLD formula because the NEW formula does a terrible job of covering gray. I have previously ordered several times from this seller, and each time, I received the OLD formula, which is exactly what I wanted. Yay! But THIS time, they sent me the NEW formula. And--get this!--it is not returnable! So now I'm stuck with SIX kits of the NEW formula, which SUCKS! I'm beyond annoyed! The picture on the description is of the OLD formula--so how is it fair that they sent me the NEW formula and I can't return it???!!! Ugh!!!
Only one pack showed up out of the six. I've ordered this before with no problems. Amazon won't let you return this. Don't buy it!
I wanted to love this bag, the design is great. But you get what you pay for I guess. I bought this for a trip out of town and the first zipper I touched popped off the top pocket when I started packing. I managed to work it back on there and then reminded myself to be gentle with it. When I got where I was going, the same zipper came off again. I didn't really have time to replace it so I just let it be since the entire thing can be zipped up. Or so I thought. When I was packing my things to come back home the outside zipper that closes the entire thing came off the track. It's a pretty cheap bag and that is reflected in the quality.
Never shipped never received
The whole reason for buying these was the suction cup feature. You can find a cheap loofah any day at any store, but finding one with a suction cup attached is near impossible. When I saw this product i was very excited as we have a glass wall in our shower, and if a suction cup were to stick to any surface, glass should work the best! Alas, the suction cup is not strong enough to hold the loofah up regardless of if it is wet or dry. If you are buying these for the suction cup, I recommend trying something else.
These deserve no star they are not pure Hazel and I want my money back
I contacted Amazon and the seller immediately after I ordered it because I noticed on the invoice it said cold grey collection and that is not what I ordered. I received a message back from the seller saying basically you can always return it if it's incorrect which is a crap response because that's what I was trying to avoid 😡 then i got another message saying-don't worry, thr correct thing will be sent. Long story longer what i actually received was 8 bottles of base coat! Super disappointed, i will definitely be returning.
Not real brushes!!! Shame on you!
One of my lashes arrived missing a magnetic on one end which makes them impossible to use. Will not be keeping them.
If I could give zero stars I would. Package came with markings but more importantly jade roller came broken. It looks hastily made and also has markings like jade was shaved quickly with overlook on quality. Was going to give this as a present, now definitely not going to happen.
Just received this product. Disappointed that one of them appears to be used/broken and someone attempted to glue it back together. There is hot glue all over the metal part that holds the roller to the handle.
Very disappointed. I was excited to try a natural way to dye hair and a product that CLAIMED to be able to dye dark hair fun colors. No surprise that unbleached hair will not dye a fun color. I thought blue smoke would be a nice dark blue on my natural dark brown hair. After leaving it in for 2 hours (recommended by the website) I rinsed it out and got jet black with a couple blue patches where my hair has been bleached in the past. Needless to say I will not be wasting my money on this again. Go to Sally's and buy bleach and ion semi-permanent color if you have dark hair. If you're blonde this product might work for you.
I never received this says delivered but I did not get this item ?:(
disappointed with the arrival, all the shadow was destroyed.
It was not the whole thing
I never received my order. Even thought it says I should have.
I received the wrong remote. Not even close to the remote pictured or ordered. Zero stars. The return date has come and gone. I work a job where I couldn't get to home in time to figure this out.
Please resend my order...item was stolen by someone I never said to leave my order by front door. I did not receive item.
I feel like this lotion made my wrinkles stand out. I couldn't get the skin around my eyes to smooth out it looked dry no matter how much I applied. I really don't like it I'm returning it. I also think that I may have a rash on my neck from it.
I can't believe how many reviews say this works. It's an oil that just keeps my nail polish squishy. I only put on one coat and now they are taking even longer to dry! 😡 So mad I wasted my money.
These do not stay in place. I tried several times and they kept slipping. they would stay put for a minute or two then start slipping down. I would not recommend to anyone.
Bad purchase. Mascara was old when I received it.
I have been using this product for years usually opting to purchase in stores needless to say I'm familiar with the product. I recently had trouble finding it in stores so decided to buy online. The product received had an awful plastic/chemical NOTHING like it normally smells. I figured it probably got warm upon delivery, but after using I found even the consistency was different being more watery than the norm. After noticing my hair was drier and feeling uncomfortable with the inconsistencies I stopped using the product. I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND AVOIDING THIS PRODUCT.
My wife opened the package today July 2nd, we bought it April 24. The color had already processed, it's usually white but it was dark. her sister , a former hairdresser said it probably was too hot at some time and the chemicals ruined it . I see that we only had a month for a refund . Never again.
These are the worst hair bands I have ever used. I have tried many of them and all have broken after 1-2 days of normal use, including several that broke upon removing them from the package .
I have used many brands of dermaplaning/eye brow razors, so I know what I am doing ;) These are not good! I have multiple cuts on my face from the blade.
I'll give one star cause you can give 0, it was a completely rip off, I lost my money
Ordered first time went dead in about six months. Amazon fixed the problem and sent a new one next day after I called. It just went dead again not happy will not buy again.
Texture was different from the ones I normally get from this brand 😞
**NOT COLOR SAFE!** My hair was purple before I used this. I diluted this a great deal- I saw the review that said use less for fine hair and I have RIDICULOUSLY fine hair. I'm pretty sure I did a couple teaspoons in 1/2 cup of water. All blue tones are GONE from my hair.
Awesome diffuser when it works. We purchased the item and used it once. The second time we tried to use it we discovered it wouldn't turn on. Obviously verified the plug worked and the issue was with the product. Of course we're 3 days outside of the return window.
Very bad I don't recommend to you , it's make you're feet very sensitive and doesn't peel fast
It's not looks like web photo.
Terrible product. The color stains your hands, fingernails and anything your hair comes in contact with. I unfortunately bought 3 for a discount and then found it's not eligible for return. I'm stuck with 3 cans of this garbage.
Does not lock in slid-out position like the original. No branding or labeling. Poor quality copy of the original.
Awful product. Doesn't work, waste of $$
These cheap knockoffs are probably the worst ones I have ever found. They effectively pull the hair out of your face rather than cut them.
Wouldn't buy again, threw out before using even half. It leaves black oli residue on everything.
I still haven't used this because apparently, I need to buy an activator or something.
Well the mirror was broken as soon as i opened it
This product needs better directions because it sucks you cannot turn the volume all the way up or it creates static and for anyone who buys this to sinc both at one time you turn them both on together and hold the button until one of them changes color this means they are both paired together, but i do not recommend this product.
What they did send was some junk that was completely not what I ordered.
Hard as a rock and very small. It sure how this helps for sore behinds.
I loved this diffuser in the beginning when it operated correctly. Now after a few months it cuts off automatically long before it's empty. I cannot figure out why.although I have cleaned it thoroughly.
Pice of junk way under powered, A little pressure and it comes to a stop!! I should have returned it!!
It's very bad shampoo, it dries up scalp, and gives dandruff. Smells disgusting.
What? No magnet with my order!! It took way too long to get here!! No, I will NEVER order from this company again!!!!
It's my 2nd day in using this product. It swollen, itchy, stings, and it has already redness on my face and bumps. And i bought 2 pieces.
Used for 3 days & it fell apart & crumbled. Certainly didn't do as I expected - very poor value.
Looks nice but never received it
I got an empty box from the supplier. Therefore, cannot review the product. Amazon customer service promptly initiated refund.
Not effective. It's more like a pastry fondant than a face cream. It's pasty but not creamy. It smells like orange cake frosting. It had no affect on my skin at all.
Low quality razors, flimsy body - will leave you with more cuts than a Republican tax bill
Cute bows, but definitely not what I expected! Two bows that my daughter wanted didn't come inside so two missing bows and the alligator clips used are cheap! We didn't use the bows at all a waste of money I missed the return window so now we are stuck with bows that won't be used 👎🏽
The rounds should not be for sale because they are so thin. They are not like a cotton round should be. The are like a thin sheet piece of toilet paper.
Terrible they smudge the lens. Hope to return.
It is very dry. Color is not even close to the picture.
This time the conditioner came wirh a broken off pump and had leaked all over the box. Reported it same day never heard anything back. This stuff is expensive its like liquid gold and you dont want to waste a drop!! Just bummed.
This product was not effective and caused sensitivity issues.
Not for us, these are packed with unknown chemical fragrances, not "natural" at all. Returned.
My husband snores extremely loud...all night long. I bought this for him since the reviews were so great. Sadly, the product did not work on my husband. He continued to snore with the mouthpiece in even though he inserted it correctly. Bummer.
I have NEVER received this order. I want my money back.
They sent my the shampoo instead of the conditioner. So now I have 2 shampoos, and no conditioner.
Do NOT buy this. It does NOT work. We did the UV Glow run & what a DISAPPOINTMENT. We could not even see it on us & we applied a LOT & followed the directions EXACTLY. This is a WASTE of time & money.
comb breaks after one use.
This did not work at all! Don't waste your money.
This hair is horrible and dry. Thank god i was sent the hair to review because if i spent my money on this mess, I would be highly upset. It smells like plastic, sheds like crazy, and resembles pack hair or even worse. I tried to make a wig out of the items i was sent but i couldn't straighten nor curl it. You get what you pay for. Save your coins!
I used thy dryer a couple of times and the plastic piece fall off and broke.
It stopped working/charging after a year of use
I have ordered many Kenra products and I get half way through them and the spray nozzle gets plugged or just clogs up and won't work. Can't do anything about it. Very frustrating! Not going to order any kenra products on amazon again.
It works great. However I left a 1 star because it arrived literally less than half full... the container isn't very big to begin with, so the fact it was half empty is ridiculous. I've gotten it before and it wasn't even close to this empty so it's probably a individual issue (hopefully)
Came broken, cheap material and it makes a annoying squeaking noise that can sounds like nails on a chalk board every time you roll it on your skin
Was disappointed since I love this product so much but ordered through here and it smelled so expired and old.. threw it right in the trash.
I ordered shampoo but was sent conditioner
I didn't get the package. The app notifications said that was inside the mailbox but it's not
The clear wire isn't long enough to even wear this and it's not adjustable either. The hair looks nice, but it's pointless if you can't get it on your head. Waste of money.
overpriced for small sampler size, I don't see any benefits to the cost of the product.
I still haven't received your product
I dislike the product because it is very hard to use and the hair looks freeze, it doesn't work as nicely as a hair flat iron
Product came in broken, and some of the gel fell out.
I wanted so much to love this and support this item but I can't. It was just terrible. Grainy and the smell was horrible. I sale my own products and thought this would be a good deal. Should have known better
The Conditioner totally sucked, was not soft. Shampoo smelled good, I felt like it did not shampooed my hair, after rinsing felt like my hair was still oily, and not washed. I liked how it made my scalp feel refreshed! I won't be buying again!
I'd like to rate this 5 stars but since I ordered this back in mid May, this is now July 2nd, I have yet to receive it. I have sent two emails so far with no response or refund from Amazon or the seller. Seems like theft to pay for something and never receive the product. Even the tracking information has no idea where it's at, just that it's never been delivered. Frustrated and pissed.
This is easy to use and comfortable. The heat doesn't last that long and the scented smell is so terrible that I can't even keep the eye mask on that long.
They raised the price so it's now 3 times what I paid for it 6 months back. NO LONGER WORTH THE PURCHASE
Bad delivery service. The product has been returned to the shipper with the rest of the items without proper notification and attempts to deliver the products
Not a nice finish. Seemed rough.
Very disappointed with how small these are.
I used to like this product and the fresh, natural scent. The consistency and scent have changed over the years. Recent purchases have been lumpy and almost impossible to squeeze out of the tube. I wonder if it is just very old and the scent and consistency have gone bad? I will not order again.
For the first couple of days, it was fantastic. But after about a week, my hair is more frizzy and dry than it's ever been. My hair also had more tangles in it now than I could have ever imagined. Although I have never used this product before now, I do not believe that I received a real product.
Ordered two sets of three. Received 3 Armani Code and 3 of totally different cologne.
Ordered conditioner, but received shampoo...
Expired. Don't buy it. Nice blush (although it came slightly used). The highlighter don't work anything Iike the highlighter you buy new in store. This is a gift product from Christmas 2017, the life span on these products is 2 years. Do the math, also, if you missed it, it arrived USED.
I ignored the low ratings on this and ordered anyway. I ordered one several months ago and it did not stay sharp very long. I ordered again, and this one will NOT cut at all right out of the box! I'm changing brands. I am a positive person and it bothers me to write a negative review, but this is junk.
I would have preferred to give this eyeliner 1 1/2 stars. I can tell that it should be easy to apply because the brush is fine and the color is as advertised but that's about it. The cap feels loose so unless you're careful with it, it will come off. In addition to that, I got one single good use out of it before it completely dried out (even with the cap staying on). You have to reallllllly push to get the eyeliner to come out of the pen. I was so impressed with the other reviews especially for the price but this completely disappointed me.
I bought this product, the first one came with a missing part, it was replaced with a second one. The second one does not shave good at all. My old razor head shaves a 100% better. I would not recommend this product to anyone.
Don't waste your money on these. I give it zero stars. The wax had already melted and was not usable.
Doesn't even heat up!
These gloves are very thin and ripe very easy.
I don't understand why its clear. The bottom wash I bought prior was tan. I do not trust this product.
The worst clippers I have EVER used!!!! Buyers beware these are not ultra close clippers!!! And they snag your hair. My scalp is bleeding due to literally pulling the hair out my scalp. If I could give this product no stars I would!! Some people go on here just to recklessly bash products but iam not one of those people. I had such a misleading terrible experience with this product and I don't want ANYONE to have to go through what went through.
It seems that I have given a fake product where I couldn't feel the fragnance at all after spraying more than 10 times.Not an worthy product. Just spraying the money with water. Really the worst product delivered by GUCCI.
It didn't work for me.. I had my older daughter which just made #50 June 26 try... Did't work for her also..
Sponge came apart after 2 weeks of usage and the hair brush was not in the box
I just received this lotion and the pump will not work. I will have to unscrew the entire top with the pump attached , which will make a mess. That's why ordered this product because it had a pump.mi was going to mix this with my alpha hydroxy lotion for my all over body moisturizer. I hate to go through the hassle of returning products so I will try to use it up, but would not order it again unless it has a lid.
Do not purchase. I never received my item and I'm now worried that they have taken my information for fraudulent use.
Didn't realize I was ordering a generic brand has no scent to it nor do it last on you at all toilet water
I was not impressed by these at all. I always have press on nails on and am obsessed with them. I wanted to try these out. The matte coat seems like it's some sort or silicone layer and starts to peel off within in a day of wearing them. I'm highly disappointed by this brand and product
I don't think it is the real thing..
Purchased this product after reading all of the reviews and I was thoroughly misled. This product claims that the shave is close, it is not. I cannot get a clean shave even if I shave for a full 7 Minutes. The blades are dull and pull the hair on my face instead of cut it. It is very cheaply made and feels like it will break when I use it. The instructions say it will shave on one charge for 45 minutes. I used it for 5 minutes and it was almost dead. I had to plug it in to get any power to attempt to shave. I do not recommend this product. Do not buy.
Too dark. Looks different then before.
I had bought this for my best friend to use and had it on the charger for 2 days and it barely works. It cant even run for 5 mins and its dies . Not happy at all with this product. It wont hold a charge. Would not recommend buying.
This made my hair DRY and greasy! :(
Terrible product, it smells awful, it's very thick so not something you would wear in the summer, (i perfer a lighter product in the summer) and the price of this smelly stuff is way to high!
Don't waist your money! Most items were damaged or broken!!! Everything was just thrown in a shipping envelope and full of broken eye shadow all over the place! Definitely not worth it.
This product was delivered to us with 2 of the 5 characters missing....pocoyo and the little bird aren't even in the package. And they are extremely dirty. My little girl really wanted these for Christmas but they are going straight in the trash! Do NOT waste your money on these!
If you like headaches this bonnet is your friend
They were smaller than expected
I have only been able to use this once. It will not turn on and does not work anymore
Took forever to get and they were not magnetic.
Didn't help my son to stop sucking his thumb. Agreed that it takes very bitter but wasn't helpful.
The shampoo and conditioner did not work at all and didn't smell fresh. My hair was a tangled mess. I usually use Biolage which works pretty good. For the price I had higher expectations. Was very disappointed.
very cheap n sheds ALOT
I was very disappointed; finally contacted provider. The package was lost for almost a month. Received Refund.
I was missing the main part. There was no rubber bands.
They sent the bottles without the caps. I have to have these done within 4 days and I am completely stuck. This is a huge disapointment.
Much better products out there.
I don't think this does what it say . no improvement after my religious use. it's nothing really something more than a moisturizer. And it's way overpriced! Sorry
This product makes women with darker skin look ashy. There is absolute no coverage and it makes us look ashy.
I bought a 16' hair, they sent me one thats Barely reaching my shoulders. The volume of the hair is Ridiculously thin, i cant even hold it with my hair band. You can see my skin even after combing it evenly...The quality is not up to my expectations i would give is a 2 star for the quality. They send you a card telling you to rate them 5 star then get a 10' human hair but i gotta be honest here to save the next sister some money. I would not recommend it. The volume and the length ruined the whole deal.
This conditioner is too heavy, and the accompanying shampoo isn't strong enough to wash it out. After two uses, my hair was stringy and oily underneath, and my scalp was itchy. On a third use, I tried just using the shampoo but couldn't get my hair clean and had to use another product to rinse out the build-up. Disappointing as the product is clean and smells lovely. I have fine hair. Perhaps this would work better on someone with a different hair type.
I order the product item, and after several tracking updates and delivery date changes the item never arrived and I requested a refund after waiting a month from the date of order
I really wanted to be impressed with this electric razor. reviews electric razors for 15 + years. Have always bought the name brands and the most expensive ones. I thought I would give one of these ones I shot hoping that I have been paying too much for the last 15 + years. Unfortunately my return window has closed on this product as with anybody who uses an electric shaver understands that you got the shape with it for a good 30 days to really know if it works well. Just recently the razor I started making noises similar to an animal taking its last breath. Again, I had high hopes for the razor save yourself the time spent a few more bucks and get another brand.
Totally wrong coloring and very heavy
I've been using this for a month already and have not seen a difference in the length of my lashes. My lashes have actually been falling out a lot since using this.
Completely different than what's in the picture. Huge hair ties for adults that would never work on my 1 YO's hair
Never received the item
Not sure why this even exists...just expensive conditioner and didn't seem any different than my Pantene conditioner to be honest.
Not great as hair gets tangled in brush. And this with short hair
Not the color I was expecting
This is babydoll hair. Periodt.
The scissors don't resemble the ones in the photo (tip looks totally different). BUT that's the least of their problems. The main thing was that they appeared dirty and possibly even used before. The packaging was stapled together and the scissors were wet with a dark oily liquid that had tiny black chunks (maybe mold?). The packaging was stained from the mystery goo and it came off on my hands. Super disgusting!
Says delivered/ was a gift to my child , she never got it 😢 only put a 1 Star cause it made me , it's I'm sure fault of postal service but we didn't get it .
for a 24, 26, and 28” bundles are thin very disappointed ! :/
There is no way to contact this seller. What arrived is not what I ordered, it was some silicone, stretchable lid covers. There is no return policy so it's a total loss.
I love this product but it was packed horribly and as a result it was smashed & not even in the box. I shop a lot on amazon without issues so I am hoping it will be taken care of.
Awesome comb but it snapped in its sheath inside of my bag, which has significant padding. I loved it the 4-5 times i used it. Can post photos if need to see where it snapped for future buyers.
I love neutrogena products and have been using them for many years. But this product did not work for me. I ordered light to medium. I have sort of reddish skin in some places, some freckles and some lighter areas. But when I put this on it was orange! Also, even after a few minutes of application it rubbed off on everything! I have never had that happen with any of their products before.
Ive boughten 3 of these within the last 7 months or so and they always seem to break after not long. It's like the metal piece that you put your brush on becomes loose and it becomes very loud. Unfortunately I really wanted to stay with sonicare because I love the way they work and my first one lasted me years but now I think I'm going to have to look elsewhere.
This product was fake. My wife has used this product for years. Absolutely no smell. Like water. Just bought a replacement at Walmart. It's the real McCoy.
Dont buy. Its not worth the money.
These did not fit the toothbrush as advertised!
At first everything looked fine, but after 3 months the product started to separate, there really is something wrong with that!
worst smells like chemicals I hate it never bought powder worst than this afraid to use and get an acne
You can't get any of it out with the mesh they have on it. All the beads push up against the walls of the jar. Poor packaging.
Not as expected. Too "plasticity looking"
The brush fell apart during the first use. I know they're cheap, but I expect them to last longer than one use.
Don't work - the opening in the brush is too large, so it pops off multiple times during brushing. Contacted seller, received no response.
Opened the first one and the inside popped right out and broke. The other one was fine, but I would have rather just have paid for 1 then 2. I won't be buying these again since I ended up with only 1 anyways. Was too good to be true.
Messy ! Do not buy this product. Also it does not hold as guaranteed.
Received the order really quick but product was damaged. Please see picture attached.
I never got it. Never received the dye despite being told it was delivered.
Made my skin burn, washing it off skin 20 mins after applying.
Wanted to like it, it was very sharp but it began rusting less than a week after first use. Not going to shave with a rusty razor....
Not blended, sprayed on like water--nearly clear, so clearly no zinc in what I was getting out of it. I got a terrible sunburn as a result :(
Very poor quality only lasted two months before handle broke off from brush
Bought these two weeks ago. They both are now makeing a loud noise before shutting off. Did not initially do this. Initially, worked quietly and properly.
Do not waste your money on this product. The first time I used it, I let it on for 90 minutes and got chemical burns on both feet. I waited a few months and tried again. This time I left it on for 60 minutes. The product did nothing.
Never received my item
I did not receive the product that was advertised but instead received an older version of the product.
Bottle was open and leaked out
I love thin micro pencil but the last two pencils I bought the pencil has fallen out. I just recently received one opened the pencil to apply and the whole pencil fell out in pieces. Very disappointing
This did NOT work at all! Not one little peel or price of skin. SO disappointed that I wasted $25 on this!!!
I've used other eyelash serums before without any issues. This burns my eyes. Had to throw it out and see if I can find the one I used to buy.
Says delivered but still not delivered!!!
Every pair I've opened has been very dry. Won't stick to skin at all. Won't be purchasing again.
This product unfortunately does not work. My hair looks the same after using it and also it dried my hair out so bad! I just bought a different blue shampoo and immediately noticed it work.
Trust the other one star reviews, and don't waste your money on this. After fully charging the battery for the first time and using only a couple times, the battery just stopped holding a charge.
Advertising for 12 packs and only sending 1! Wouldn't buy from this vendor again.
It bruised my skin so badly. The suction has no release so in order to turn it off you actually have to turn the suction up two more levels before it turns off. I have a huge bruise across my chin from this and will be returning it immediately. You're better off just using the biore strips.
Wipes off with a wet washcloth but I had particles under my eyes by 9pm. Not great for contact users. I love the Blinc tube mascara, but I was trying to save a little money. This is not a good replacement.
This steamer is not for a professional business setting, it's very cheap don't buy this one. I'm an esthetician and Unfortunately I can't use this steamer on my clients faces as it makes them cough the steam is drying to sinuses and throat, the steam with ozone on has a scent of like burnt water and plastic... again it's very cheap. The ozone light also stopped working after the first week? Save your money and invest a litttle more in a good steamer.
Unfortunately I have to give this one star. My first time trying to use it I plugged it in and heard a pop they caused it to move enough to rattle the lid and it won't turn on.
Color did not last long whatsoever. Followed the instructions and had the dye in for hours to make sure but yet; when washed out only little bits of color stayed. Not really happy
In my packed I didn't get two lipstick. I was order two the same product. But, I only received one.
No I court put them on very difficult prefer a glue much better
I ordered this on June 2nd ... PRIME!!!!! promised to get it on June 6th it's June 8th still haven't gotten my product, can't even cancel . Not even a new shipment date yet ... if I could give 0 stars .. I really would. Will NOT waist my time or money again
it was shatter when it come!!!
Just hurts your jaw did not like the result
I love the brush applicator, but that's where my liking it ends. I bought this hoping that it would be better than the glue that comes in the packages of press on nails but it's actually worse. Nails fall off the second you touch something.
These screen protectors wouldn't stay on my Galaxy Note 8. I tried both my phone and my wife's phone. I'll be looking for a new screen protector that fits my phone case.
It was leaked all over and opened when I got it.
The machine that I recieved was defective. The light would night stay on. It just randomly flashed. Some of the polished had also spilled a little bit in the packaging. I returned it. I plan to order another and hope it works.
The description of the wig says red and when I selected the color the option I selected was "dark red," which is what I was looking for..like the picture. The color of the wig I received however, is definitely NOT dark red and does not match the picture. It's actually more orange-red. I will say that the package the wig came in had been opened already (the top above the ziplock part was already cut), so this may have been a previously returned item placed in the wrong area...or it's just an incorrect description and picture...not sure which, but I will need to return it.
Would like to return product as it is dangerously hot , as well as product is coming apart. Have not had it for 6 months, and pieces are loose and feels unsafe to use.
I love this conditioner and have used it for years. The only downside is the cost, but I feel it's worth it. Started ordering it on Amazon because of the lower price and prime shipping. The last two orders I received were not the real deal. Does not smell the same and does not have the same consistency/thickness as it should. This last order was really bad, so not ordering on Amazon anymore. Very disappointed. Beware!
Unfortunately I did not have the chance to try the product because has leaked completely inside the box. I usually receive products that have a possibility of leaking wrapped and secured from the other products but this one was without any protection. I don't know who to blame and my review is not based on the product because I didn't have a chance to try. The product smells good but the size is quite small for the price. For the Amazon customer support I would give 5 stars for the prompted refund of my money.
It shows that it is purple but that is not the color you get and it does not give you an option of choosing a color it's whatever they feel like sending you but yet you're the one paying for the item
Just received my packaged today the product looked like it was used and the box was damaged
I was sent the wrong type of eyelash with no way to exchange or return it.
Didn't remove all the hair and gave me a nasty burn :( would not recommend
that machine doesn't work ... they sent me something that never worked
Does not work. Impossible to get your hair in this! And the little that does go in pulls and hurts!
Received but mascara tube is dry. !!!!
Just opened my box. 10 polishes and 3 are the same color. And 2 other matching sets. I'm also disappointed in the colors.
I received a badly damaged product and have no re-course in getting an exchange or refund as Amazon has no way for me to request one.
I would not suggest anyone buy this. I ordered one for me and one for my granddaughter. I used mine as travel bag. When I opened it to use, the odor was horrendous. So I got out the brand new one that I was going to give my granddaughter and it smelled the same. The odor smelled like a dead skunk. Very strong. I don't believe it will hold up well in the washer, but I will wash mine and return hers. Very disappointed.
Did not receive the item I paid for. Instead I was sent a 4GB SD card. I am extremely disappointed. I will have to buy this BB cushion elsewhere.
Received another spa product which is not similar to what I have ordered . So very much disappointed.
Brought this hairdryer after reading good reviews on this product. The hairdryer arrived today after waiting for it for three days which is fine. My daughter just plugged it in to dry her hair and the hairdryer is dead! We tried different outlets but the dryer won't work. Such an inconvenience! I am very disappointed! Returning it! :(
You need a pair of pliers to get the pumps working.
I want my money back, this isn't the item I ordered!!!! What the hell did you guys send me?
I usually buy my shampoo ahead of time, so this order goes back to August. I ordered the Crew Moisturizing Shampoo. When I went to use it today, instead of shampoo in the bottle, there was conditioner inside the shampoo bottle. I looked at the bottle to make sure I oredered shampoo and the bottle showed it was shampoo. Since I ordered two bottles, I checked the other bottle and it, too, had conditioner in the shampoo bottle. Guess I'll be checking the inside of the shampoo bottles from now on when they arrive...
ordered a case, 6 X cans, never could get them to ship more then one can. had to finally cancel order
I order on Amazon a lot, and I don't feel I should read the reviews for every single item. Unfortunately, if I read the reviews for this item then I would have known better. These ARE NOT Schick razors. I am not sure why Amazon is still allowing this misleading product description. I suppose it would be fine if they were a true knock off, but as mentioned in other reviews, these razors don't have the flip top allowing you to shave tight places. So for me, the lack of this feature makes the razors worthless because I need a totally different razor to finish the job.
I liked these diffusers Liked the intermittent feature. The problem was that the top is too hard to get off and on. I've even had to pry it off . I am buying another style
False!!!! It gives your head no shine. Looks like glue when applying it to your hair. I wouldn't recommend. I would only recommend products with oils.
Two of the brushes were broken upon arrival. Tops separated from the handles. Not acceptable.
I can't grab anything with these because of the gaps. To make matters worse, they are stiff and tire your hands out really quickly. Get what you pay for!
I wanted to love this product. However, after leaving it on for the recommended amount of time (not exceeding) I was unable to 'peel off' the whole mask without great pain. It attached to all the fine little hairs and I suspect even to the skin on my face. I finally washed off all but my nose, chin, and forehead and was left with angry red marks on my cheeks and some scabbing. My recommendation, never ever put this on cheeks, neck, or anywhere that might be more tender than nose and chin.
I ordered coconut frosting but got something different. It was too late to return because I opened it before I realized it was wrong.
This product SUCKS! It says 6 to 7 seconds for drying time. More like 5 minutes. Once adhered, they keep falling off, it's taken me 10 minutes to apply 2 eyelashes, and the 2 aren't even dry yet. I will never buy this again
Don't buy this product. i mixed it with my soap and the beads dissolved. it turned my soap to a messy paste, and after a few days it went rancid. It is not an exfoliant. I had to throw it away
I liked nothing about it. Found it difficult to operate and utterly worthless as a water flosser
Didn't work waste of $!
I always wear this mascara but there was something up with this tube. It was super clumpy and thick. Had to buy a new one to replace it.
These are very poor quality would NOT RECOMMEND. AND NON-RETURNABLE
Bottle was broke when arrived, spilled conditioner all over other items it was shipped with
I've ordered this before and loved it but today I received the notification it was delivered and it wasn't....?
Ugh - too greasy and too gray. Could not wait to take it off. Some bb creams and foundations are so light that you can't feel it throughout the day. This is not it.
Was not what I expected. The one I purchased before looked totally different than this one. I might try to see if they will swap it for one similar I had bought long ago.
Sorry to say but this product did not work for me
The machine stinks and does not work. Want to return it, but you are telling me I can't. I want my money back and to return this item...
I do not recommend this product, it doesn't help longer my eyelashes, and the smell is odor. I think this is a low quality product, not as good as pic shows.
I liked the design choices, I liked the magnetic rechargeable port. But it malfunctions in various ways: 1) The reservoir leaks (in either locked or unlocked position) and leaves paddles on the counter, even if you had jus little bit of water left in it. 2) It is tough to disassemble the reservoir to empty the water, and 3) the provided whole is more effective for filling it then emptying it. 4) The spout spontaneously pops out in the middle of use due to water pressure, which makes the whole thing useless. DO NOT RECOMMEND!
It doesn't work as I expected and I wish I had returned it before my return window expired. Maybe it works for some people, but I have very embedded blackheads that this device is just not capable of removing. All that said, if you ask me, don't waste your money.
The suction is horrible wouldn't recommend. Got my package and was missing the plug for to charge.
MADE ME ITCHY. NOW I AM STUCK WITH IT
It gives itching all the time.Some people says it is good if you take a shower and use it & dry it with hair drier but it doesnt help I dont recommend
Hated it. Super hard sponge
The lotion arrived in a container was was dirty on the outside. When I went to squeeze some out, it came out like water. Smelled horrible. Very disappointed.
The lipgloss came squished, used, and had hairs on it. I couldn't return and had to throw the product away.
My guarantee shipping didn't happen...
Edit: will not power on after a few months of very light use. So this 5-star product has changed to a 1 star. Great value for the money, I am glad I read reviews and shopped around before buying this one. It turns on when you touch the bottom metal and cures polish well.
So I ordered Detangler. I got bottles that say Detangler BUT I can assure you it is HAIRSPRAY! It smells just like hairspray, it makes my daughters hair hard and its gets my hands sticky!
Sent the Wong product!!!!!
The bottles come almost empty. No instructions. I still don't know what is number 5 for.
gray hair, with a big ugly splotch of black. seller very demanding
Regular crest stripes without the light work better. Complete rip off. Made teeth more sensitive than regular stripes alone.
Cute colors but broke immediately
Too narrow for my toenails.
I used this mask to itch and redness. Previously I used this mask regularly nothing. I think this mask is not real.
Bought this to go with party gifts for my daughter's 13th birthday. I was not happy to see a totally busted bottle and a polish mess. It looked like the bottle exploded. It was actually broken in half! Weird. Had to waste time cleaning polish off all the other bottles
I didn't not received this product so I can't return it want my money back
I used these razors for some time and couldn't figure out why I couldn't get a good shave. It happened that I recently found one of my old Gillette disposable razors and decided to try it for comparison. I couldn't believe the difference. I have no interest or affiliation with Gillette. But these Bic razors are truthfully worthless!
Very disappointing to open the package and the item not only broken but glued back together! As soon as i held it in my hand something felt wrong. The middle piece of the tiara felt wobbly. So i looked closer. It looks like it had broken in half and someone has glued the two pieces together at the center
It covers so well but the shade is too dark for me
Truly a bad purchase. As soon as I saw I understood that they were not a good product. I took a day trip and obviously the soap had come out completely. The silicone part is so soft that it does not get stuck to the cap, but it comes off continuously, letting the liquid out. Absolutely not recommended !! Buy them from rigid plastic!
I wasn't very impressed with it so I sent it back to you to Amazon and bought a 5000
Doesn't properly fit my Phillips sonicare too the brush (even though it claims to). Also feels very cheap.
Definitely doesn't do what it says not very happy with the product
This was a great product for the 3 months that it actually worked. Then slowly the charge would hold less and less time. Now it shuts off every 3 seconds and after 5-6 times of turning it back on, it is completely dead. Now it's just a paperweight.
Hair is horrible the reviews was incorrect. Shipping yes it came fast but it is nappy not soft at all.
This is the worst company to order from. I have waited for this item that is now 3 Days late from the extended date that was provided. I have asked for a refund an am being told to wait patiently which I already have been doing. So now they do not want to refund my money. DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE EVER. WARNING ⚠️
Trying to find a new natural deodorant, as even Native sensitive is starting to make me break out. I thought I would give this brand a try. The deodorant was so thick I had to rub it in after applying it. Also the smell was so terrible I ended up washing it off. It smells nothing like coconut or pineapple. I can't even say if it worked or not because I couldn't stand to wear it. I can say that it rubbed white into my clothing really bad, which is normally a deal breaker for me when selecting a deodorant.
The first time this toddler toothbrush hit the floor it snapped at the neck and was unrepairable.
Wore to sleep one time and it exploded and I woke up with blue goo all Over my bed and face
I did not like the new fragrance I would prefer the original fragrance!
Didn't work at all. Do not purchase this.
Smells horrible , too greasy, want a refund
I never received this order but the order kept saying it was delivered. After 2 days it says it was delivered to me, I message the seller and I never got a reply. I am about to call my credit card company and file a dispute on this order! Extremely unsatisfied experience with this seller who left me hanging without even getting back to me at all!
Didn't like it at all. Smells and feels like a detergent. Don't recommend it
Does what it says but u can get exact thing for half the price anywhere. I always buy top products and don't mind spending money to get it but this is just not worth the price.
These held our cheer hairpiece in place with these. Held great but horrible to remove. Very painful. Knobs in end tangle and pull hair.
This item is awful and way darker than it shows. It takes forever to get the color to come to the top and I thought it would go on easy and it didn't.
I let it run for over 8 hours and my home or rooms never smelled like anything. Not sure if it's the size of the ceilings but returned it shortly after received. I even had it on the highest setting.
Don't waste your money. These were a hot mess.
If I could rate a zero I would!!!!! Got it in the mail, was going to use them for our family photos. Got here in time but were not magnetic no matter how much I put on. Also the black magnetic eyeliner was mostly dried out. I put on 3 applications trying to get them to magnetize and the bottle was empty. CRAP! Don't waste your money!
I would say this lifts lashes but does not curl by any means.
I followed instructions for 3 months and saw no improvement at all in my skin.
I bought this less than 3 months ago and the wires already came lose and completely came out of the mouth piece while it was in my mouth plugged in. Luckily I wasn't shocked or anything. No option to message the seller or past the window of return so I'm stuck with a useless, broken piece of rubber.
Made my hair feel really sticky...
This spray bottle is NOT a "spray" bottle. It squirts like a water gun, which makes it useless for pretty much any household application. I bought them to make linen spray misters for Christmas, but I can't even use them for cleaning supplies.
This perfume appears to be a knock off. Although, the bottle looks almost identical to Avon's it has small differences. The spray pump is a different shade of gold, the bottle itself looks right until you place them side by side. Avon's perfume scents last all day. This the smell is gone in less than an hour. Further, the smell has more alcohol smell than anything else. I have learned my lesson buy Avon from Avon..
It was great the first 2 months but in the third month the spring that helps close the brush popped off and I can no longer use this brush. Was good while it lasted
Did not work as described.
Looks good but didn't come with a standard adapter to plug in wall. Have not use it yet.
Dont buy it here. Its Fake!
I wish there was an option for a 0 rating. This is either fake or a extremely old bottle! It's weak in scent and doesn't even last 30 minuets. I'll just consider this a life lesson learned, because whenever you buy cologne or perfume online you run the risk of getting burned!
Horrible quality don't waste your money or time with these poor quality pellets
I bought this thinking that it will thicken my hair and I have natural hair, which it fell out but my sister used it on her relaxed her and she love it. I believe this product works for relaxed her and not for African American natural hair.
Had a terrible bacterial reaction. Possibly a rotten batch.
It wipes off really easily, the whole point of Semi permanent is that it stays on for at least a week not a second.
Love the lather, but left some extreme residues on my hair... also the bar used up very quickly. Came with two bars, but I wish I can return the other bar.
Awful. Don't believe the hype.
I recieved the wrong items. I have four tube of 4.2oz hand cream. I contacted the seller and will update this review later.
Caused skin burns that left scabs for over a month.
This made my face dry. Don't buy it. Not worth the price.
Smells super strong , smells like super glue . Not for sensitive eyes , absolutely terrible
Shipped me the wrong product. Shipped the castile soap version. No returns allowed to seller to fix the issue.
Very disappointed ,the box was opened and the bottle was not even inside the box. The bottle was almost empty.
So I passed it on to a friend who did like the way it smelled.
Did not get what I ordered! Only recieved 5 blades like others have stated!
bottle was filthy and sticky but the it was not leaking , so god knows what it went through before I received it - Returned
I cannot comment on the effectiveness of the product. I unwrapped the product, and took a shower: ready to use. Could not get the container to raise or lower the deodorant. The bottom just spins and makes a light clicking sound. I am sorry but for the price I think the container should work properly. Well you get one chance: if you do not have a quality control to insure a good container to dispense the product: it cannot be tested. Seemed to smell okay: but just unable to test the product. I really wanted to use Kiss My Face: but Amazon no longer seems to carry that product in the flavor I like. Guess it is time to look elsewhere.
For who that like the product is fine but for me , it is broken the skin , I watched YouTube vdo so I know name product, I use on my scar for help my scar tummy tuck but make it have stretch marks so if who want to use for help scar , for me no , i trash the product , I had use for my face too but as make me to happen stretch marks so I don't want to risk the skin
I don't think it's the real product. I've been using this product for years and I typically buy from authorized retailers or directly from the Tammy Taylor site. The 2 times I purchased from this seller (due to convenience, couldn't make it to my usual retailer) my clients experienced lots of lifting which is something I never have issues with. Haven't purchased it since and haven't had any other lifting issues. Still using Tammy Taylor btw.
The product arrived seemingly intact, but it didnt work. Tried multiple batteries in it, checked the instructions, etc, but it never turned on. I returned it for a refund.
Product was damaged prior to shipment. Tin dented, seal lifted, liquified cream leaked. Will send back and order from elsewhere.
I opened the package and the smell was so overpowering. It smells like straight paint thinner. I don't understand how anyone would use these brushes on there faces... so gross just to think about it.
What I ordered. What I received. Why I need to wear a wig. The wig. Ruined 50th wedding anniversary party? No. Just ticked me off.
The roller arrived in a box with no packing material. It was taped shut but I decided to open it before I wrapped it as a gift for my niece. The roller was broken into 3 pieces and the flat stone was in even more pieces. Very disappointing.
This product had nice soft bristles, that's about the only positive thing it had going for it. It's very heavy hard plastic, has an awkwardly rounded handle that is next to useless as a back scrubber. I unwrapped it, used it three times, placed it on the hanger that came with it, it slipped off the hanger dropped and shattered. The End.
Where is my item? I ordered it a week ago and the payment was taken out of my account. It was a prime order which means two days shipping. It's a week later and I still don't have my order but you have my money
Not only is it the worlds smallest container, its also not even a full container. There is enough to do your nails once and then that's really it. I could do my kids nails MAYBE because they have very small nails. Though it is nice, its not worth the money paid.
What is in last pic is not what I got two samples were virtually empty ....what was advertised is not what I received...beyond upset will never order from this company again
Roller would not work
I am going with one star here. The current item pictured is NOT the one that I actually received. It seems that every time I return to this product it is showing a different one. A friend of mine ordered it, from a link I sent them, and got an entirely different one from what I got. The one that I got worked no better then a peel off mask that I could have gotten for $5 from Rite Aid, so it was just a waste of money.
After being promised two day shipping i ordered , my order never came and this was October 15th. I contacted the seller when i didnt arrive on the guaranteed day and was told to wait a few more days and now I'm being told to wait SEVERAL more days ?
In bought one for myself and a friend. I didn't like it and neither did she. We just didn't see any results from it. Hey, nice jar though.
I went to a women's Conference 2 months ago and a friend of mine had this I was really impressed compared to the cheap Crest I had this worked pretty good 😁. So I too ordered a kit ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE toothpaste didn't keep my breath fresh and mouthwash totally dehydrates my mouth. Night time use was the worse . After brushing before bed and using mouthwash I literally would have to get up and redo it all over around 2am. Because I would be awakened by a foul , nasty taste in my mouth that wouldn't let me sleep until I would go brush. I am now using Nature's Gate and it TOTALLY KEEPS MY BREATH FRESH, GUMS AND TEETH SO HEALTHY I ONLY BEEN OFF HELLO CHARCOAL 8 DAY'S BUT WHAT A DIFFERENCE. I WOULDN'T RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT AT ALL SORRY JUST HAVE TO KEEP IT REAL .
Bad shipping service!!!!!!
Never received it. Don't waste your time
Has a good smell in the bottle, though after showering it leaves a lingering burnt plastic sort of smell. My old lady threw the bottle away and made me shower that crap off.
I did not receive the multiple scent package, I received a box of romance incense, and it smells like crap. And there is no returns on this product. DO NOT BUY!
Wrong sizes, very poor quality.
The worst I've bought off Amazon, it was all tangled and looks used and horrible color! Delivery man just threw it in my yard in a corner and wasn't seen till many days later
Just got it today and the first thing I notice is that the seal is broken. We then I opened it it seems as though it was already used
If I could give zero stars I would. The second day I used this machine it literally exploded.SECOND DAY. Sounded like a firecracker i screamed and it burned my pointer finger and messed up the tattoo I was working on. Do not recommend this.
It did not stay on and it was a water down product. A crayon would have done a better job.
Super spongy, a lot of fall out not what i expected at all.
I've ordered this twice and had to return because they keep sending me the Koffee palette. Aside from it being not what I wanted at all, this second time I actually used the palette and the colors aren't very pigmented, didn't really transfer to my brush.
I wanted to love this sunscreen, but it arrived open without a seal and with the top off. I'm returning it for another one.
it does not do what it supposedly has to do Do not buy
received my curler today and it will not turn on. Great!
Immediately the product was dry and flakey, and barely applied evenly. You could get a cheaper NYX liner that would work better than this, but I'll likely be sticking to my KvD liner after this experience.
Not satisfied -notice lot of hair fall in applied areas
These blades are by far the worst blades I have ever used..the first blade I tried felt like it was used a hundred times before I used it..I tried another one from a different pack with the same results...these were not new blades...my face honestly felt like I just used a piece of sandpaper to shave with...I finally used a blade that I have had for 4 months and got a smoother, cleaner shave than I did with these blades....I would not recommend this product unless your willing to do a self sacrifice...I had to rate this product with stars but there was no option to not use any so I gave it a 1..
This stuff barely lasts a few days before coming off the nails.
The packaging was all mushed up and the fit on the cap was off, so I figured it was fake. I wasn't surprised when the fragrance was way off and the smell doesn't last long at all. Do not buy this product.
The one I got was made in USA. Took pill for only 3 days. Made me itch all over and get hives, very painful. One scratch on my skin and started to itch everywhere and get hives. Terrible reaction. Reaction lasted a week. I read the ingredients, and I'm not allergic to any. I don't know why I had this reaction. Will NOT buy again.
This product came in a very bad packaging. It had a seal on the product which was partially open. I was out of town and am out of the return window. The product does not feel good and feels like it is not the original brand packaging. I am hesitant to use it and want my money back but AMAZON has no clear instructions on how to get the money back. Also AMAZON has no customer service email or phone number easily listed by default (to make it very hard for you return items) on their website where you can file a claim. VERY DISAPPOINTED.
Its as cheap as the price hated it felt so fake and empty did not work at all. Doesn't really even come with instructions either or were in another language never again buy it or don't buy it. Its not worth it you will lose your money.
Once installed and running, I found that the replacement blades kept pinching or cutting. Unacceptable. Need to buy a new razor. These were the blades specified by the manufacturer.
It was very difficult to figure out if this razor had a trimmer, but I read that there was from the Q&A. However, this razor does not have a trimmer, and I just noticed that the link to the Q&A is linked to a different product.
This is a very good blow dryer, however the nozzle does not stay on which makes it very frustrating to use. The nozzle fits over the nose of the dryer, rather than clicking into place. Not very convenient.
I receive my hair today it's not enough for a full install I still need too get at least 2 more REAL BUNDLES ,,,,,this is supposed to be 4 in all reality it's barely 2 bundles all together ,,,, I guess you get what you pay for ,,,,, the pictures they have shown is completely false!!! First pic is one of the bundles Second pic is 2 of them together too make 1 FULL BUNDLE 🤬🤬🤬
Got one use out of it before it wouldn't turn on again, changed batteries and still won't work. Worked really well the one time we were able to use it...
Do not buy this product! I ordered the medium and they sent me the Light. So I figured it was a mistake so they sent me another one and it is also light! The barcode sticker says medium but the box and bottle says light.
The product looks nice, but the zipper ripped after less than a month. Embarrassing to give such a poor quality gift!
Its really hard the wax get stiff so quick and it's very painful even it started bleeding in some part
It doesn't work guys!!! I mean I'm not surprised after all you get what you pay for. Your teeth DO start to shift but not in the right place, this can mess up your smile even more, don't waste your time!
I have been using it for 3 months, and its doesn't work at all!
They are poorly made and broke with in one day of use. I'm very dissapointed in this product. I will not buy again!
I bought this item because of the positive reviews and I feel like I was mislead. With normal use, after only my 3rd or 4th time using it, it broke (see photo). The bikini shaver is still functioning but it has become so dull that it yanks many hairs instead of cutting cleanly so I cannot use that any longer. What a waste of money.
I just wanted to let you guys know that the product that I ordered wasn't the one that I had ordered. The one that I bought cost more than the one that I received. If only I knew that I was going to get the cheaper box then I would have ordered the cheaper box in the first place. I guess there's nothing I can do now because I already have the packet but I want to let you guys know that I paid for something that cost more and I received the box that was cheaper. The box that I am talking about is the perfume box.
Quit working after one use.
Face Smelled bad
The safety seal was broken when I received it! And I can't return it so I am stuck with it. Obviously this item was used and the company shipped it to me .
I wished this worked but it doesnt do crap. I'm going to have to buy the actual peace out ones from sephora cause those ones work. Its too bad the $ was right but it does nada.
This breaks easily. So you end up having to do your child's hair all over again
This hair was a waste of money bundle were thin it burned once curled its not human hair i wasted my money don't waste your money purchasing it and do read all hair reviews
It didn't do anything!
I'm very disappointed in this item. I bought it as it's the vitamin E a friend recommended. Sadly, when it arrived, it lists wheat in the ingredients and I have a gluten allergy so I can't use it. I tried to return it, but it states that it is ineligible for returns.
Don't waste your money, this is a rip off, it has no smell at all, not even of a carrier oil. we should be able to get our money back, shame on these people, ripping us off. I only gave them one star because it would not let me submit my comments without a rating, so no stars for them. Amazon should not allow sellers to sell things to there members that don't work, if it doesn't work we should away's be able to get a refund.
I ordered Age Perfect by Excellence 9G L'Oréal. They sent me Superior Preference 9G L'Oréal! I tried to return the product and was told that this product can not be returned. I wanted a week for it and I am disappointed with the company that sent it.
Ordered this face wash with high hopes, but was disappointed. I wanted to love this when I first got it but when I used it I felt like it just got very sudsy and didn't really make my face clean. I had to splash water on my face far more times than ever before to get all the suds off. Seemed to just get very sudsy but not do much work. Went to return it because it's not worth $10. I didn't have to send it back so I gave the bottle to my sister.
If I could give it 0 stars I would. I bought this with the intention of using it for my hot oil treatments. It did not fit my blow dryer which is partially my fault for not checking that prior to purchasing this item. I figured out a way to use it by holding the blow dryer into the hole. It began to work until 20 seconds in, the material began to melt. Never again. I suggest paying for better quality.
Large but tightly made, feels small in shower, too small, too tight to add soap and clean with...put the rest away.. never to be used again.
I would give zero stars if I could. The paint didn't even leave any color on the skin AT ALL. What a waste of money! Do not buy thus junk
Worked really well for a couple days then the blower motor failed. However, I returned it free freight and all to Amazon, and they credited back the full amount. May have been just a bad unit, I ordered something else to replace it.
It is made of cheap material..did not even last 2 days
Followed their website directions perfectly. After 5 days I can't take my armpit odor anymore. Going back to degree. Did not work at all. I almost feel like it enhanced my odor.
Buyer beware!!! I didn't receive what I ordered & was totally ripped off. Why would Amazon allow this & have bad sellers on their site??? Don't be taken like me, look at the reviews closely. Amazon please screen your sellers better. It's is a known fact a lot of reviews on Amazon are paid to be positive. For 2018 maybe you should take the high road & just post honest/true reviews !!! Pull dishonest sellers, seriously or run the risk of people buying from other vendors/sites. Also be strong and keep this REAL review on your site. , on further inspection this by far is not the 1st time!!!!
This Rodan Fields lash booster made the skin around my eyes swell and turn red after the first night! I am so disappointed that I cannot return this to Amazon. No 30 day guarantee is terrible customer service. I have spent too much money on this product without a guarantee on effectiveness. Shame on Rodan Fields and Amazon!
It is not the best value for money.
It's a good price, but my dad sent them back and paid the higher price for the name brand.
Mine got rusted and stopped working properly after a few months of purchase. Overall, not value for money.
30 dollars for something that's actually very small. Not impressed by any means. Definitely something you should be cautious about when ordering. Hope no one else makes this mistake. Highly unsatisfied with this product.
I barely used two times and already used up or dried out. I will buy this at off line store next time.
DO NOT ORDER!!! This is FAKE! Smells like baby powder
I ordered this product for my shower needs but as soon as i received this package there's a insect crawling around inside. Honestly so disgusting, will not use this
I used this for a long time and it never worked for me. I still have a lot of bumps on my upper arms
Sadly, after waiting many weeks and receiving lots of updated delivery notices.... the product never came :( Can't review it, but I can say that I'm not pleased.
Does not seem original, it has a plastic label? I have others store bought and are not labeled with plastic it's printed on the bottle?
This product caused lots of irritation and painful lumps in my armpits.
Never received!!!!!!!! I've been waiting for over a month! Even tried contacting the seller and received no response!
Just arrived today and bottle if almost half empty
A lot of hair falling off the wig
They don't tell you this ships direct from CHINA. Who knows what's really in the bottle? We notice no change by using this product. Buy your oils from reputable, known sources not the unknown from china!
I initially liked this hair dryer. It is light-weight and compact. Fits a diffuser. However, after just a few weeks of sporadic use, it wouldn't turn on, started to smell burnt and spewed smoke. Amazon promptly processed a return. Although I initially liked it, I will not be reordering.
I compared this purchase to the same SkinCeuticals C E Ferulic that I bought a few weeks ago from SkinCeuticals and the texture and color of this product is far different to the actual SkinCeuticals C E Ferulic Acid. I cannot believe that they are the same products and for that reason, I will no longer purchase this acid on this site. It does not feel genuine, so buyer please beware.
Not ideal when giving as gift. Big red sticker “sold as set”
It's a great product if you like to spend $100 on something and have it stop working 3 months later. I'm on skull shaver number 3. Only one from this supplier, I bought the other two locally. So I'm not attacking whoever sold me this product here on amazon but the bottom line is the product is junk.
All the strips were dried up but 2
I ordered this for my teenage daughter who has severe eczema that has flared up on her face. Unfortunately, the foil was open and the lid appeared damaged so we will not be using it. I attempted to try and find where I could contact the company but did not see where that was an option.
Wanted to try an offbrand nail sticker so I tried these. Overall, meh. I added a topcoat after I put the sticker on and the glitter bled though and now instead of an ombre effect, its more of and streaky silvery weird mess. Definetly will not buy again. Lesson learned.
I received this product already open and half full. The company keeps emailing me asking to leave a review but not answering the fact that the product is damaged and half full.
The shave cream was lumpy, obviously very old. I plan to return
The changing colors are nice but that's about it. You can barely smell the aroma. I expected better.
I bought one jar of this cream a year ago. It was lovely. It's a nice and thick moisturizer, with gentle exfoliation. You only need a tiny amount, so it lasted about nine months. Unfortunately, the second jar I bought smelled absolutely rancid. I don't know what they've done wrong, but the smell was so bad I had to throw it away. I'm not putting spoiled product on my face anyway. Gross.
Terrible! I've bought this twice now bc I do love powder dipping my nails, but this particular base really sucks. The first bottle, I used once and never could get the top open again after the first use. It was basically super glued shut. So I got a second bottle and tried to be more particular by making sure no liquid got on the part of the bottle or top that would stick to each other when shut. Second use and the darn brush literally fell out of the top. Like all the individual fibers full of glue went all over my counter. UGH!! Now my nails are half done, and I have glue all over my fingers from picking them all up!! Annoyed is an understatement!
This hair is very cheap. Not 18 inch. Ends very frizzy and lace is rough. It definitely has the texture of synthetic hair and not human hair. It looks horrible and I've never worn it. Smh
Makeup brushes are something you should really spend money on for quality. As there are only 3 brushes in this set that work for me.
Used Item sold as NEW You would think that spending 168 bucks would mean they would send a new product, but this one came in a broken down box, dirty, and already opened. Ridiculous. No reason to even plug it in and try it, this is going back.
we never got the product for the time it was promised. Extremely poor communication on sellers end. Will not recommend this to anyone.
I was not given the correct product...Would prefer to have what I paid for instead of what looks like an accident. I see that there is no return policy, however, I need to either be refunded or given the correct products. Will update the review if issue is corrected
I eyes to glue the nail to the finger it would not stick at all. Finger to shiny soft slippery. Definitely didn't do the job
Good product, poor seller. They shipped half the order and never responded to the problem rating. Stay away!!!!!!!!!!!!
Will not stick to the shower floor and is completely junk! Falling about after a few weeks.
So I love this product...the real product that is... I usually buy it from another seller in a store and this time I bought it from this seller on amazon and i am almost positive this is a fake/imitation of this product. The real product works wonderful for me, a little redness but nothing terrible that a night of sleep doesn't fix. When I used this tube my face broke out and I noticed it smelled really chemical (it doesn't normally). Maybe I got a bad batch? Just wanted to warn others. May want to buy it in store. I had missed my window to return it by the time I tried it.
Not happy. The product seal was broken. Couldn't give it out as a gift.
Wasn't what I thought
Don't use this you'll wind up losing more hair than growing and even if it does work if you stop using it your hair will fall out and look worse then when you started
Did not fit the series 1000 Norelco razor
It is never delivered and I requested to cancel the order but no response from the costumer services yet.
Thought I loved it until it just stopped working for no reason after 6 months. Worked just fine and then quit. I thought something must be wrong with our outlet and drug it all over the house plugging it in to other outlets! Too expensive and now just trash!
I ordered the electric hair straightener for my husband to use on his beard. It came wrapped in a used box with old dirty plastic. We took the straightener out to read the instructions prior to use. Unfortunately the instructions are misspelled and do not match the description of the product. I am EXTREMELY disappointed with this purchase and WOULD NOT recommend to anyone. Once plugged in the product had inconsistent heating. It was way to hot for my husband to use on his beard. And last but certainly not least, if you look at the questions for the straightener , and the supposed 178 reviews, the are for a watch band, NOT THE STRAIGHTENER! Very disappointing.
I ordered this and the body wash and both products were broken and stuff spilled out of the bottles and the whole box was damaged. They gave me my package in a garbage bag.
I ordered and was charged for (2) 32oz bottles and instead received (1) 8oz bottle that arrived a day later than it was supposed to. I want a refund please.
Could not even get it on my lids without it running. Product description over sells how well it works.
They leak. Very disappointed!!
Horrible never had the chance to wear it was tangled right out the box
I had previously done 2 glycolic/chemical peels years ago so I was familiar with what to expect in terms of discomfort and peeling. This peel did absolutely NOTHING to lighten my hyperpigmentation. I saw no improvement whatsoever. I didn't start peeling until 7 days after administering the peel. Then I peeled for another 10 days. I looked like I'd been peeling from a sunburn. That was way too long of a process for zero results. Additionally, the company didn't send the peel on time so I got it 5 days later than anticipated. I wanted to do the peel before I went on vacation so that was inconvenient. There are no refunds for this product, btw. Customer service didn't answer my questions or offer any remediation. Don't bother with this product or this company.
The polish peeled off and got bumps. It looks really bad. So disappointed.
used 2 at once...no scent, minimal bubbles, and first ingredient is sugar. very disappointed
I love Amazon for making it easy to inform myself, try a product and exchange it for something better if I need to. That is the case here. I was well aware that I would be plunking down over $30 (+tax) for little tubes of plastic worth two bucks but decided to do this because this company claimed to be the first, best, authentic and could have had some advantage over other brands. My critique: (1) The pack has two large cups and two small ones. I would have preferred just two for half the price or, for $30, an assortment of four sizes. I only would use one at a time of the same size. (2) For a normal or small face with structure instead of fat, the large one does not work. It loses suction unless it goes over a broad area, preferably with fat, like the cheeks. For most of the face, going over features and contours, it lost contact and lost suction. The small one was okay for small areas and under the eyes, but obviously too small and therefore too strong for the large areas of the face. The woman in the demos on their website has a very broad and fat face, very plump lips, so the large cup suited her. (3) I felt ripped off at the high price. For what it is, even if it worked for me, the price is gouging. I went to the website for the "free" booklet and it turns out to not be a download. They require me to give them my personal information so that they can email the booklet to me. I wonder what advertisers they would sell my information to. No thanks. The concept is great, though not original. It is similar to the folk remedy of cupping that uses material soaked in alcohol is set on fire to create a vacuum inside an upturned glass and then the glass is placed on the skin. The idea of converting this into a smaller unit that could be used on the face is brilliant, but the size is not right for everyone, maybe not even for most. I absolutely love Amazon for helping us shop with confidence, share experiences and opinions and help us find what we consider to be suitable. They made it easy to return and shop for a replacement brand.
This toothpaste does not taste good at all - I had to give it away.
They're too tight and made my sons thighs sooooo red and left marks and we only had them on for about 5 seconds to check if they fit
Definitely it worth the money! It did absolutely nothing except make a big mess!
I waited and waited just to see if for what ever reason it just take time for the scent to spread but it's been about two week, i have this placed in the center of our living room, we are seated no more that 5 feet away and it as if this bottle of what ever is filled with water, it does not smell at all not even if I am next to it. A total waste of money.
Haven't received it,
This is the worst experience I had buying products from Amazon. Their perfumes are fake. Do not waste your money!!!
Didnt really notice a difference.
I just got it so can't say how long it will last however the diffuser is flat which means when drying my curls of course they flatten from the air and can't be cupped by the diffuser. I should have caught that in the picture. The cool-shot doesn't work so I have to change settings. You get what you pay for on this one.
Did not work. My daughters hair no change. Disappointed that you can not return also. Won't by anything from this brand again.
Nothing special. Very disappointed
Impossible to use. Not matter how many times or ways I tried to use these, they would slip and smear liner everywhere. Such a waste of money.
didn't do want it claim
Within opening the product, the bottle's label seemed crinkled and used. Then, we opened the cap, only to realize the seal was half-opened. The liquid was also stickier than usual. Highly disappointed, and wonder whether it is safe to use.
Battery no longer charges after a few days of owning it...
Never received my package
This pills on my skin almost instantly. Additionally, I purchased the lightest color and it is still very tan. Because of the pilling and too dark of a shade my skin looks much worse wearing this than it does without
I set up the container with the provided sticks. Put it in my bathroom in the early morning. Closed the doors and windows. Came home at 8pm. Opened the bathroom and expected a lovely scent to fill my nose. There was LITERALLY no scent. I'm returning.
This product is designed for a child's head or pinhead. Gives me a headache to even put it on
Lamp worked for about 2 weeks and started cutting off n on during curing time. Do not waste your money. Not worth it.
Seal was broken. The color was not accurate, looks like they mixed products. Ordered thru Nordstrom instead.
Soap smells very bad. Had to toss it in garbage. I believe it is fake. Very disappointed.
Worked great at first. Now, 6 weeks later, it will not heat up at all, despite new batteries.
This is crap! Do not buy! Omg I can't believe I bought this thing it takes forever to heat up and when it did is like it didn't at all!
Bought 3 bottles after reading rave reviews and gave two bottles to my friends. They all said didn't change a bit. One of my friend who has acne scars that turned to dark spots and other friend who has sun damage, both said it was waste of time to apply this. They both used twice a day with sunscreen everyday till the bottle is empty but no result. I also used but I didn't use everyday so i thought that is the reason I didn't see any result but that's not the case. Besides, the pump was so bad quality, it gets stuck and splash everywhere. I still have some left but I am throwing away in the trash now. Now I don't believe 5 star review anymore! Please save your money and buy something else. How they get all this good review when the product is useless?
Total disappointment. But then again you get what you pay for.
Too soft for me and a very small brush ..
It is for dry skin and the ad doesn't specify that
Battery life sucks. The volume was at its highest and I couldn't hear. I ride public transport to work and it's quite noisy. So I could never hear. Poorly made. I wouldn't recommend anyone buy these ear plugs.
Opened the envelope and the entire bottle had exploded and was all over me and all over the plastic wrap. Item isn't eligible for return but considering the shampoo is all over the envelope, there wouldn't be anything to return anyway!
Didn't find the package probably stolen
This oil didn't feel moisturizing . I used another brand and that brand made my skin way more smoother , soft and moisturized .
Doesn't work. Totally ineffective.
After a few uses I still noticed no difference. This product did not work for me. I just bought a purple shampoo from the brand Philip B and after one use noticed a huge difference. I wouldn't waste the money on this.
The wig shed it a lot it was very bad very very bad
broke after first use. garbage. get a norelco
Why do I get a clean base that is different from the picture?Those lights are different from the pictures.
Looks fake and won't style. Everyone that seen me wear it didn't like it.
It was supposed to be delivered 2 days ago!!! I still don't have the product that my granddaughter need for her Halloween costume. Very disappointed
Very different from the picture
I don't receive this item.
Both this for a wedding to look nice. Spent over 200$ and the product did look very fake and the process of removal was not simple and I lost hair in the process. Would not recommend to others.
Neatly packaged and did not look cheap. Worthless however since it pulls at beard instead of trimming.
Product is watered down....does not last long at all... Wont buy again
Totally dried up, a waste of money!
Don't waste your money. Looks absolutely fake! Not a good quality wig.
Lasted one month. X12 months that about $200 a year on deodorant. Ill pass..
Gave me a horrible rash
I bought 6 bottle of game changer last three months ago...Only one bottle smell was original & other five are duplicate...so please avoid this vendor...He is cheating to customers..
ive been using the new replacement head for a month and the bristles already fell out.
Don't want to be negative. But the product simply didn't work for me :-/
When I opened the box, the package was opened and Really Ripped Abs is half gone with the top unscrewed! So pissed!!! This was supposed to be a brand new Christmas gift! I want a refund!
I purchased this hair a couple days ago, and it is not at all what I expected it to be. As you can see in the pictures this hair is extremely thin at the ends, it don't at all look how it looks in the other customer pictures I seen down below. Although the hair is very soft and silky it needs to be way more fuller, i don't know if I received a bad batch or not but I am extremely upset.
Came out way to fast
This product was watered down and returns are not accepted. I would buy from a store instead.
Garbage. They do not stick at all.
I have asian eyes and thought it would be impossible for fake eyelashes to be too short. Well these are. Additionally, they are so hard to put on. How do people do it? I thought these would be super easy! I would not reommend this product at all.
Did not receive my item. Just an empty amazon bag.
Batiste is still my favorite. It doesn't leave my hair feeling rubbery like this one does. I like the smell of this, but I don't like the way my hair feels, especially the day after use.
Received replacements vs complete unit
This didn't work the way it was supposed to and doesn't clean off. It smells and gets everywhere.
The product was fine until it randomly stopped working! Buttons seized up couldn't press either one to get it to work. Wasted money on this product do not recommend!
I ordered this from atrium premium products and never received my package; It was also an prime order; Very disappointed tracking was also fake like it never was shipped
These do not work as well as the tabs that come with the kiss brand nails. Last about a day even with rigorous prep. Also there was not 50 sheets :(
way way to long,,,i really wasted my money in buying this shit.
This product is very good just as advertised Until the third or fourth use. It's like the contents drys up or just won't come out There is no advance wheel or button and there does not seem to be a way to get the liquid onto the brush after the third or forth use I have three of these pens and each one acts the same after a couple uses. Terribly disappointed Anyone else have this problem??
Very disappointed that I can barely use it once. It's soft inside so not very sturdy to file. And after a couple for rounds it's just rips apart. I wish there was the option of trying one before having to discard so many.
This product arrived on time, no problem. But when we tried to use it, spraying it was horrible. You can't get anything out of it, sprayer needs work! Waste of money, wouldn't buy again. You are unable to return product so you are basically stuff with a waste of $8.00.
I gave 2 of the 3 to my friend because they were not what I was hoping for. She liked only one of the colors because the salmon color faded quickly. Hard to understand why it just disappeared.
Cheap smelling. Even in high school I wouldn't have worn this scent.
I bought this thinking it was the same as my old one. Same name and everything. Only difference is this was has some black I didnt catch. Wish I would have I would have not bought it. My old schick hydro 5 was amazing would last a life time if I didnt keep dropping it. Shame it is no where to be found. It was a close shave and no irritation or itching like this one and all the rest. 👎
No difference in skin tightness. Not looking good, more money wasted.
The product came inside the packaging back instead the bottle. All leaked out!!!! And the seller doesn't accept returns!!??? Do not buy this!!!!
It is not original. Very poor quality. The head started falling after one week of using.
I've had this product for 2 weeks, and already it's not turning on. T I can get the light to come on, but as soon as I touch the diffuse button, everything turns off. Before this, it worked great. Some of the button controls were a tad confusing at first, but its easy enough to use.
Ordered a year ago. Never got it
My box my product was shipped in contained brown paper that was infested with live ants. It was disgusting! As I removed the paper the ants fell everywhere. The picture shows a small amount of the ants that remained on the paper when I was able to get a photo.
If I could give these 0 stars, I would. I have attached a picture so you can see how horrible these brushes are. This is after ONE use! The brush hairs collapsed into the ferrule, and shed everywhere. If you tugged on the brush hair the whole thing popped out of the ferrule. I know they are inexpensive brushes, but I have very inexpensive brush sets that have performed well and held up for years. I do not know how they are so highly rated, unless I just got a bad batch, but I highly doubt that.
Not what i thought it was going to be.
Not a real 128Gb memory card. The programming was changed to make it seem like it is, but it only holds about 12GB of actual data. This card also crashed my phone.
I did not received the item
The item arrived quickly. It looks used though because the jar appears to be half empty!?! I ordered this because the salon we frequent charges an arm and a leg when the use it on us. I don't know how well this product works because I didn't use it and am considering returning it.
I received my order and my order was nothing like what's is shown on the photo. Such a waste of time I am very disappointed
I loved the old version! Was so happy with it! But it's not right for my skin anymore, now they dropped the retinol.
Don't like the smell
The description and pictures are not what I received. I hate to go through returning just to repurchase and try another shipment and more wait time....
I did not receive my purchase!!! This is the 2nd time I bought from them ! I can't even get my money back do not purchase this cause you will be getting shipped a bag of nothing !
Received damaged. There was no packing in the box
When I got mine I plugged it in and it took 20 minutes to heat up and then never reached a temperature capable of curling my hair. I returned mine.
It smells horrible. It has an alcohol smell like it is old. Now it's not allowing me to return it, saying it isn't eligible!
The diffuser worked and the light did too. But the sound part was all distorted and awful. I ended up returning this. The customer service was excellent though, I was able to return the item and they sent me a different model. It is a bluetooth style which isn't exactly what I was looking for but its much nicer. thanks.
This is NOT WHAT I ORDERED! I AM RETURNING IT!
2nd one i've bought, within a yr, this one just 3 months ago, My advice, DONT BUY, for the price , NOT worth it..
One third of these are just sticks with no cotton swab on either end. Just go to the dollar store. Better deal
Did not give me the results as advertised. It was fine as long as you did not change your expression.
The bottle is not new in package. It's obvious it was already used. And for the price that I just paid, I'm not happy with this outcome.
Came with no brushes or makeup in it. Seller made good right away though!
Day 1: usually I have combo skin but the current cold weather has my face dry and flakey. Very excited to see if this helps with keeping my face moisturized. Day 3: This makes my face very oily and I don't like how my skin feels. I don't touch my face through out the day but it FEELS dirty:( I want to wash it but I know I shouldn't mess with my current regimen more than I already have. Will update.
Does not work. Don't waste your money.
This will come damaged. Do not buy. Product leaked everywhere.
Box already opened and old. Gross.
Looks fake. Enough said..... Guess ill use them for crafts.
I love this product but it opened up in the package and some spilled out.
Very goopy, flakes off, not smudge proof, and bottle broke so that the rubber stopper doesn't get off excess mascara. Unusable now.
I disliked that hair kept coming out of the brush.
arrived broken OR just a bad design.
Very misleading. I only received samples-total 8. And I can't get a refund of my $13. Sham.
0 stars******I was suppose to receive 12 total and only received one package with 3 in it!
False advertising ! This is not the box I ordered I wanted the original 59 oriental like your showing on display. The one that came in is the one with the changed bottle
Literally comes off after hours. Don't waste your money.
I found this fragrance just too strong for me. Pretty bottle though and normally love ivanka products
Poor quality, no hold, is like putting water on hair. Tiny bottle. I took a pix for you to see is 4 oz vs what I bought a gel at target for 3 bucks that does its job.
I never received the actual item.. Was told that it was handed off but not to me.. Should have been in my mailbox but never actually showed up
I bought this at a tanning salon and I noticed results in the same day, this one I have used for 3 days and still no different
I still haven't received this item!!!
I didn't even receive it
i never even received it.
Not a fan of this at all. I have worn Angel for years and can verify that this does NOT smell like the real deal. Disappointed that it is non returnable
This product did not whiten my teeth in the slightest. Complete waste of money.
It's been day 4 and there has been no peeling my skin has burned very bad only left product on for 2 mins my skin is now destroyed to the point if no return I'm crying as I'm writing this I do not think it's going to peel it's still burning I don't know what to do
Don't waste your money! Not long enough and they literally feel apart when I was trying to open them.
A large amount is spilled in the cap and will be wasted. For the price and the size, it is a lot to have to discard.
The bag that thia came in was empty didn't receive the brushes
I'm pretty sure this is somehow a knockoff. The smell don't even last 2 hours and it doesn't smell like the real stuff..... I'll be returning it and going to a department store to buy it, at least I'll know what I'm getting.
The pressure sensor only worked when pressure was applied AWAY from the teeth. My dentist told me I had to purchase an electric toothbrush with a pressure sensor so that I wouldn't over-brush my gums, so I picked what I thought seemed to be a quality unit. However it didn't work out. The pressure sensor only worked away from the teeth, no amount of pressing towards the teeth would trigger it, making the item useless.
I was very disappointed. I applied one spray under each arm before bed as instructed and it burned my armpits. I was up all night in pain. Then it left me with bumps under my arms for days.
Terrible shampoo and conditioner!! I recently purchased this and since I've been using it, I've developed dandruff and I keep getting itchy/painful bumps on my scalp. I really had high hopes for this. =(
Didn't work. Corn grew back after shaving it off with pumice stone.
The resistance on the buttons renders them unusable. They are basically hard plastic shells and the key wouldn't stay in but kept sticking in the ignition while only the shell would come away when trying to remove the key.
Ive used this brand and it worked great. This bottle is not that. I may as well just be putting water in my curls. They're so frizzy with this specific bottle it tells me it's not the product I expected or they're claiming it to be.
Item is still showing as may be lost!!!
I used it like 4 times and is no longer working
There isnt enough glue to stick it on your eye and make it stay. Not worth the money and it isnt eligible for returns sadly.
I have ordered these twice now and haven't gotten them either time ! What's going on ?
MADE IT WORSE!! Be careful with this product! It literally burned my skin and caused worse spots! My dark spots got darker too! HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!
I ordered a specific product from a specific manufacturer, a halo chinstrap from Sunset Healthcare. This vendor made an unauthorized substitution, sending a non-adjustable chinstrap from Legend Medical Devices. When I went online at Amazon to arrange a return or exchange, I was informed that this product is not eligible to be returned. This is a ripoff. I'm stuck with a product that is useless to me, and cannot get my money back.
Got the product. However, when I went to use it, it wouldn't even turn on. I tried multiple outlets but got nothing. I didn't expect quality but come on... won't even turn on? I would like a full refund or replacement with no return shipping cost for a product that doesn't even work.
These do not work as well as I hoped.
I've only been using this product for three years now, and I have never received some in the bottles that showed up definitely not the one they are showing in the picture. Very disappointed with the product.
Giving this a one star rating so far due to the condition in which the product arrived. I've been very excited to receive this package and to find it all bashed up is extremely disappointing. I fully realize that this is the shipping company's handling however, it's overall really disappointing. This will be updated as soon as the actual product is inspected and used.
How can I review a product I CANT OPEN?!!!
Not for me just too floral is kind of sweet.
They were poorly made and looked noticeably false when put on.
Ordered the advertised pack of 4 and only received 1. When I contacted the company and sent them a picture of the SKU number and the invoice, they still would not rectify the situation. After the experience, I've read other posts of same situation... awful.
Do not buy these, they are awful!!!! I got a gel manicure today and brought these with me. We read the directions and followed them. My manicure is only 3 hours old and the stars are already peeling off and ruining what's underneath with it!
I liked that it came with a case, but the brushes were cheaply made. Also the were nothing like they looked in the pictures. I was very disappointed. Do not recommend.
I had to return this product because it was damaged when I received it. I have not gotten a refund and it's been a week and a half
Initially this has a scent similar to Fierce. Unfortunately the scent quickly dissipates, within a couple minutes. Don't waste your money.
Even when it took almost a week to arrive it wasnt a problem until it was not the same as advertised and it is not returnable
This is not the real product! It smelled like baby powder when I opened it and then made my face break out all over after using it twice. The real product feels slightly wet when applying it and those did not at all
It cracked after first use, I spent 30 dollars for it, can't believe the quality of this item is so poor, i want to get refund
Doesn't stay in place. Very hard to get off. Smudges easily. Not very easy to get on straight.
They sent me straight hair
Product came broken and unable to return.
Don't buy from this seller because they sent me an empty box!!!!!! When I sent an email, rather than trying to help the customer, they asked me to contact Amazon!?!?!?
The salt was all over the box and even on the floor. Unusable. I requested a new package and nobody has answered or returned the money. I am contacting Amazon, I need an answer.
With a new product I always go light until I know how it's going to work. Just a light misting left my hair flat and feeling dirty after a few hours. I will go back to my usual brand.
To keep removed hair from returning
I ordered this set 6 months ago and it was fantastic! Best tweezers I had ever found! I misplaced the set so I ordered it again and I'm so disappointed. It comes with a fancier case now but the tools are thinner and much more flimsy than before. The tweezers with the curved tip are so thin you can't grab anything. What a shame!
The bottle arrived all cracked
So many tools that all look the same and don't do their job. Don't like them.
Amazon employee was drunk and sent whatever he or she felt like.
I didn't see a difference. It does leave my skin feeling clean. I would t buy it again
I have had this product for a couple of months and a couple of days ago a wire shorted out and melted the plastic which then burnt my hand. I'm glad my 10 year old wasnt using it.
They don't get warm enough at all. I could hold it in my bare hand
Just got the clippers and wasn't sure how to use the "spring tongs" Finally figured it out and first try to use them, one side kept popping out of its base. Very frustrating and not well made. Am sending back for a refund.
Does not pull out hairs at all. Fairly disappointed with this product.
This product is not the real thing... thinner and application is not full coverage as the real product. As mentioned in other posts, the tip has been replaced with a clear tip when it should be black. First time using it, it also separated so it first came out as oil. Not the real product. The real product (not this) is miraculous and is full coverage but not heavy. Do not purchase. (I also purchased it when it was on sale; definitely a fraud product when discounted.)
Im giving this one star because it came broken!!! Ive purchased these from Walgreens before and they are wonderful but for some reason BROKEN from amazon!! There really needs to be a closer look on the products before you ship them out. I live overseas and returning this now will be impossible.
Allergies are unique to each of us....I previously bought brand name comparable wash and thought I would try this.....after maybe a week my skin started to react....red, bumps.....discontinued use and it went away. Throwing the 3 bottles I purchased out. Amazon, please remove Sodium Laureth Sulfate. Go for better Quality ingredients....
I was hoping this would be a good replacement for my previous vibrating dental pic. I was wrong. This is designed more like an electric toothbrush than a precision instrument. The handle is too large and too far back to comfortably grip and have any precision on your teeth. The vibrating tip is really only useful to scrape the front of your teeth. It is really hard to get to the back of your teeth and when you do it is not very controllable. I would stay away from this dental pic or any other similar items to it. It is not because the product does not function. It is because it is completely inept in doing the job I expect it to do.
The glass tube was delivered broken. I would like another one so I can use it properly
Garbage (Make sure you only get certified samples)
I ordered this and the label is obviously fake when compared to the product I have on hand, which I buy and use regularly and have for years. What I received is the same as what others have posted -- labels that do not match the product if purchased at the store. The shade is way off and the quality was what I noticed first, and how I realized I needed to compare what I'd received to an empty BareMinerals that I had in the same shade. Bogus.
I love this product. But only one was delivered. 2 compacts were supposed to be in the package. One was packed with another item I ordered.
Junk. I am optimistic and like to keep an open mind however, this does not work.
I didn't like it to dry for me I have combination and it didn't do anything
Mirror arrived broken and cracked
Super tiny and can't use it
Quarter of the bottle spilled out in the package
Cheap!!! Don't waste your money.. they look beautiful in the tray but as I was taking my first pair out it shedded and fell apart completely. That was one pair ruined... I was successful w/ the second pair and wore them but when I went to take them off and clean them ir fell apart too only to get some fibers in my eye. That was horrible . I threw the rest away after that. I was done!!!
This does not smell anything like the original. It smells like alcohol and rotten flowers. There is no vanilla in it whatsoever. This must have been a defect batch,or boiled in the heat and the undertones dissapeared. I'm disappointed I can't return it.
It worked when first used, but did not the second time.
My item came broken.
So nasty, I want the actual original scent already and I can't find it anywhere ): it came in a plastic sandwich bag and the tops were tampered with- don't waste your time.
Too harsh to use. I don't mind unpleasant medical procedures, but this exceeds those. And, it hasn't even ramped-up yet.
I tried this twice and followed the instructions exactly including "curing" with LED light in between every step and the stuff never dried and just made a gooey mess. Really annoying because this was a really long process. Waste of money and huge waste of my time, which really irritates me.
I'm not sure what happened with the bottle I purchased from this merchant, but it was horrible. This wasn't my first time buying through Amazon and prior to this order I was completely satisfied; However the merchant I purchased from this time sent me a watered down version.
The lashes are hard to install on your eyes.. They snap together quickly, sometimes when you are trying to attach them. They snap together and then are very hard to pull apart. I am experienced with false eyelashes, and while the idea is novel, It took ages to try to use them, and I still was unsuccessful.
Came in on time.but couple of the bottles leaked all over.
bad for my hair, made it brittle and breakage
Absolutely not happy with this. I have owned tow of these in the past and loved the older model. This model like others state just tangles your hair and rips it out. The me bade is junk. The hose is junk. I have three breaks in my hose. I can not stress enough how awful this is. The quality went down and the price doubled. Not worth the scalp pain.
That was impossible to put on soo difficult
Very low power, could not move a Q-tip that was 4ft away on a clean granite surface. Return process complicated. By the time I purchased a received a replacement and could take it to the UPS store, the return QR code had expired. Not happy.
I purchased this in late Oct. and opened the box last night. The unit would not turn on even though it was fully charged. I would return it but since it was purchased almost three months ago that is not possible.
It didn't work at all for me. I already have lightened hair and it did nothing.
While I love this product, it's no longer available on shelves. I thought I'd hit the jackpot finding it in amazon. But the product was old, watery, and foul-smelling. I called alba, since this was not returnable in amazon. I received a coupon in the mail to buy a new one, but again, it's not available in stores anymore. Big bummer!
Product containers came with broken pumps. I was going to return, but we were out of shampoo so we switched containers.
I purchased this brush and when I received it it was stained Almost as if it had already been used and I was not able to return it.
Okay, something is SUPER wrong with this product. I have actually used it for years and loved it, but lately, something changed. It seemed fine at first, but after a few days of using it, the makeup starts to get clogged in the tube and won't come out. And when it DOES come out, it's like a clumpy booger-y texture. But the worst part is it literally smells like dirty, moldy laundry. I thought it actually was my clothes- I was sniffing everything on me and kinda smelled it everywhere and then imagine my horror when I found out it's actually the makeup on my FACE! WHAT THE HECK IS IN IT? So. I returned it. They sent me a new one. SAME PROBLEM!!!! I can't see a way to get my money back so now I'm stuck with it and just going to have to toss it out. What a waste. Seriously, buyer beware.
Never recieved it, sent me a bottle of weave and wig spray. Seriously!
This product came without a cap, which wouldn't be a big deal but the bottle says you need to keep the cap on to ensure it stays fresh.
Did not know I couldn't return it. Smells chemical and very old. Made my face break out all over and I'm not prone to skin trouble. I'm even afraid to use it on my hands. Will never purchase again- not this product/ nor from this seller. Again seller does not accept returns. Beware before purchasing.
Still waiting for my refund. Leaked everywhere damaged!
I wouldn't buy this again...after using them two times started cutting very unevenly. Also very hard to trim
This curling iron did not work in Italy or Greece. It did not let me control heat and and smoke on my hair with an horrible smell.
This is not authentic, I purchased this product in a retail store, then purchased it from this site online. There is no comparison. The bottle looks almost identical, but the moisturizer is a different color. At least if they are putting a product in the Neutrogena bottle, they ought to try to make it the same color
I should have opened it when I got it. They sent the same halves making it impossible to assemble. I bought the 2 pack, one went together ok. The other useless. In the trash it goes.
This broke me out in hives everywhere! I'd like to point out that I don't consider myself to have delicate skin, but I have burning hives on my arms and legs where I used this! I use a scrub weekly so my skin is used to it. There is something else in this that made me start burning. It smells good though 🤷🏻‍♀️ Not worth the risk of this happening again. Just us a normal sugar scrub.
I ordered LAVENDER OIL to soothe my baby's sleep, I waited so impatiently to get it but they send me a wrong one ROSEMARY OIL which I DON'T NEEDED IT!!!
I ordered it thinking it was a blower like brush like i used to have, so i was a little disappointed when i realized it was an actual curler. Either way I tried it out to give it a shot but i didn't really like it, felt like it was burning my hair so bad.
Seller shipped me 3 chrome clippers that are not shiny and they look like been used
I regret spending money on this it's very cheap quality. I threw out the loofah after the second time I used it because it was coming apart. It doesn't even have a pleasant smell I don't know any words to describe the scent but you can know that it's cheap just by the smell. The only good thing I can say about this item is that the packaging was beautiful and it arrived on time.
I never received this! No contact from seller. Beware.
I've ordered this product several times and more often than not, it arrives crushed into a powder. Has been broken the last three times I ordered it and it's not worth the hassle or money to bother returning it. I will not be buying this again.
It was not I expected
DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT! I had first been introduced to this spray via a small tester bottle that worked wonders and I couldn't wait to get the regular sized bottle. But this is most definitely not the same spray as the tester bottles. It smells completely different, not even good at all, it smells like bug spray, it's repulsive. I would like a refund.
Says it was delivered, it was not. I never received the item
This isn't what's described at all. Taking it out of the package lace was cut upon arrival, wig was cut to like 14 inch, not curly, and smelled like cigarettes. I obviously was sent what someone returned, disgusting.Not what I ordered at all, not pleased at all. I want my money back DO NOT ORDER
This ended up being more of a peach-orange than any shade of pink. I have to buy a different color to get actual pink instead now.
Floppy and terribly distorted. Wanted to replace one that went missing? Thought this was the same thing but this is smaller and floppy. If it's summer and you need a fan...that will work. I keep hoping I just misplaced mine and it will turn up. They just don't make things like they used to. It really deserves 0 stars.
This brand doesn't work
Waited for more than a whole month and did not get the item from Samurai Japan. Now I see that I can't even request a return! :-(
I dont like it.. the cheap is expensive. Dont buy. No funciona
Have a bad customer service Send to the wrong address and I received my order 16 days later
Do not buy. Turns crusty white. Breaks down in less than 1 week.
I love this oil and have purchased elsewhere before however this bottle had barely to no scent at all . Very dissapointed
Was very disappointed that this product being to expensive was not packaged better!! Over half my bottles spilled all in packaging... Will not be ordering again.
Smells like flowers and baby powder.
I use African black bar soap to wash my face every night. It's cleared up my acne, and I love it! However, I did not love this scrub. It has a weird smell, and the beads are waaaaaay too small to do any exfoliating. Couldn't tell any difference after use.
I find other aromatherapy vaporizers more pleasant smelling, and they're less expensive.
Suction cups failed to adhere as advertised. Very disappointing! Also, pillow had opening at curve between top and bottom pillow, needless to say pillow fills with water each time I use it. Never will recommend to anyone.
Don't waste your money its a inch tall
The pin that holds the rubber brush holder completely broke...only used 4 times...
Disappointed, none of the shapes matched mine or even came close!
I ordered this from Amazon prime and paid more to do so. They sent the order to a 3rd party seller which took months and then I received this knock off product. The blades are not wire wrapped which is why I use this brand. Amazon has failed with this listing.
after your hair dries, taking off the rollers are painful. The velcro will pull your hair and make hair look like static.
I see why they're 2 dollar lashes
Does not work as advertised.
Aluminum free... yes, not a bad price, but not overly protective. I could detect a bio scent the next morning. I was using some pricier deodorants previous to this one, they hold better. Not knocking this product, just saying it has a reliability issue. May have to use it twice a day? UPDATE: After further review... this product simply doesn't work. Use it in the morning, detecting an odd scent by afternoon.
This Shea butter is dirty, extremely hard there's a few softer pieces other than that it's extremely hard. It doesn't smell fresh either it smell bad. No I will not ever order again these reviews are true, it's bad Shea butter. If I could rate this with no stars I would. The only positive thing I have to say is I paid for fast shipping and it came on time that's all.
When I was trying to shave the razor felt like it was cutting my neck
I gave this one star! The product had zero factory seal also one item was missing. Overall the hair color turned out just okay
Definitely cheap quality. I've used it once.
I haven't opened it yet because it didn't come with a spray nozzle, but other customers received their nozzles. I've contacted the seller and will happily update this review once I've received the tool to apply the product.
This is a knockoff not very strong scent at all..regret buying two bottles
Made my skin break out like crazy
My hair feels limp after using.
This is the worst brush I've ever seen. I would probably get sued if I used this on a client. And on top of it, this is apparently not eligible for return.. It was just delivered today. The bristles feel so hard and stiff, they feel like they would scrape the skin off your scalp. Do not buy!!!
Don't waste your money
My Phillips one blade razor does not fit and not eligible for return/refund. It sucks.
The lace area is very small and the hair is the worst kind of synthetic. I don't recommend it. Purchase its last week in arrive by Thursday I did my best to customize it because it was so long and so knotted . It looked good for 1 hour but after that it went right back to be knotted and Tangled and you just start looking like a drag queen-by Saturday I threw it in the garbage. A total waste of my money maybe good for a Halloween idea definitely not worth what they're costing
there was no cap on the bottle, leaked out in package, was obviously opened (seal broken) when Received it. had to have been a return
I would not buy it again. I actually used it only once, because it does not stay on the lashes, it is not resistant to sweat, humidity, weather conditions, it smudges, and I had black shades under my eyes and people asked me if I cried or if I had allergy - that never happened to me with any other mascara and I like to try different brands, so this one is a big no to me. It went to the trash can straight away.
Sorry to say that this item does not have the same scent as the Dior I have been wearing for years. I happened on to it while shopping on Amazon one Christmas and am disappointed I made the purchase because when worn it smells like vinegar. Awful, unlike the product bought from stores.
Really very small :(
I bought this shaver 14 months ago and it no longer works. Only bought this one because I had a Wahl prior to this one that lasted 5 years. It appears quality control has really gone down hill since then. I would not recommend purchasing this product. I found out the hard way there are better products available for the price.
Did not get this product! Received something totally different
I was really excited for this wax cause it had great reviews on so many different websites and gigi is a well known brand, but this was an awful experience. The wax never fully hardened so it was tacky and like peeling gum off of your private. Would never purchase again.
Leave a itchy red spot on my skin. Not for people with sensitive dry skin. Take a time to calm my face down.
I ordered this hoping it would help with my thin hair... Only ended up using it once because it smells like strong cologne and made my hair feel awful. I immediately washed with another shampoo, I would not recommend this product.
I never got my package
Not nearly as thin as I was hoping. Still hoping to find a pair like Revlon used to make 25-30 years ago. I read in many comment fields (many different brands) that other people are hoping to find some fine/thin ones as well. Just don't understand why this is so hard to find.
It's so disappointing product. It did not work just after two minutes I turned this on. Never buy this one, you will waste your money.
These brushes are way smaller than how they appear in the picture. Plus they are not thick. I was going to return them but realized they can't be returned! Do not waste your money on these cheap brushes!
They're simple looking which I like, but they do not hold thick hair at all. I also just purchased this three days ago, and it's ineligible for a return?
this wig is horrible
I ordered this months ago in case I ran out and when I opened this bottle, it was filled with soapy water, not shampoo. I'm not sure what these guys are doing but this is a huge rip-off. Beware of counterfeit/damaged product.
This product is useless and i feel dumb for wasting my money and now i can't return it bc it's from China... directions in broken English
I broke out into massive hives and boils on my 3rd stick. The first 2 sticks were fine but then I was unable to use any of their products. I read this in some of the reviews but thought it was just them not me. I then spoke with a coworker of mine who stated she had the same reaction too when trying the deodorant for the second time. We are both nurses and vowed not to ever buy or come close to it again. It took 2 weeks to recover from the pain and itching under the arms.
Very stiff, did not look natural, and the magnet came off when I was removing them from my eye lashes
Can't use. Arrived destroyed. Bottle wasn't even put in a plastic bag before boxing. Can't return either.
Absolutely does nothing to condition my blonde hair.
wig was horrible and i didnt like it!
Made my scalp brake out.
It says sensitive. The bristles are at least medium hardness. I am shocked that this is so well reviewed when the description doesn't match the product. It fits well and cleans well, but I can not daily use a brush with medium hard bristles or my gums will start to erode. All these brushes are useless to my wife and I.
Those are not the brand and what they are supposed to be.
Too soft snd doesn't fit my Revlon eyelash curler. Slips down too far in so the rubber isn't up round enough and doesn't curl my lashes well. You have to keep a tight grip pinching down way too much. Doesn't work well in my Maybelline curler either. Not a good buy; trash; but you get what you pay for.
Totally burns my eyes when used. No clear understanding of exactly what is in this. I do not think this is a legit product as it states. I do not think they work and are made in China so use at you're own risk. You get what you pay for. I could not read the box as it was in Chinese however the packages are in english. They just burn my face and wonder what is in them really?
This product does not diffuse well with my diffuser. It clogs it up and causes it to become overheated and it shuts off. I do not recommend this product to anyone.
poor quality. must be cleaned every 4 (approximately) times after using. filter clogs quickly.
This oil didn't do nothing in my hair nothing change
This doesn't absorb very nicely onto your skin. It also made my skin take on a purplish tint. It feels really gross on my face, it just sits on top and feels like I have a mask on my face all day
Product has no color transfer to skin at all! Nothing like an instant tanning lotion, just a very slight shimmer. Much better and cheaper products on the market...don't waste your money.
The bottle I received did not look like the picture. The bottle I received was a pink bottle, it didn't smell like a man's cologne but the box it came in said for men. I think the bottles got switched.
These were really pretty at first, but after opening they dried out really quickly. They also have more a permanent marker feel than a eyeliner feel.
Ugly and cheap looking, couldn't do anything to it
Really thin. You'll need to coat it with acrylic for them to not break
This product did not work at all, I gave it a fair chance and I do not want my money back. My roots did not see a difference and my hair stained. The purple stayed for days, it would not come off. I got it believing other reviews, I think they're fake because I tried dry hair and wet hair, no difference, roots stayed orange and hair stayed purple.
I bought this product about two weeks ago to try and get rid of some acne scars and i was going to give it some time before i was going to rate the product, however I'm already running out of the product. When i got the product it appeared brand new but it's almost as if they filled the tube up with more air than product. So ive used minimal amounts and it doesn't seem i have enough product to even see any results. Not worth buying.
Etching too shallow. The images don't lift onto the stamper.
Didn't suction to tub
The characters don't stay on, they seem to be attached with hair glue.
Mildewed pretty quickly
came unsealed, without directions and once charged wouldn't turn on.
We love this line but the company who shipped it shoved it in a box that was too small- the cap was undone and over half the shampoo was almost an inch thick in the bottom of the box. It had soaked through to other items in our delivery as well.
Terrible! The consistency is way too thick, has horrible smell and dropper doesn't work
After soaking these in a cup of water for a while, the stems would start to unravel.
I've bought these three or four times now because the prizes were alright and my kids loved them. HOWEVER they must have recently changed. They are now greasy, stain my kids hands and the prizes are way crappier than they were. We used to get little cars or ninjas, which my kids liked, but now they are thumbnail sized prizes in tiny containers. What are we supposed to do with them? Total garbage. Really bummed because these were the only ones I'd buy because the prizes were okay, but will never buy again.
I ordered this brush a few months back. It was a great bursh at first and did a good job of blending my liquid foundation. However, after about 3 months of use the bristles on the brush began to loosen up and would fall out when applying my makeup. What started off as a wonderful brush ended up only lasting 3 months.
Didn't have a seal on it, just came in a clear plain bag with no tags. I haven't used since anything could be in there.
Horrible customer service, ordered this item 2 months ago and still haven't received it.
Sadly, this was excellent for the first 4 weeks and then just quit working correctly. Keeps turning off randomly.
May be someone would like it. It was too strong for me return it
This product flaked off in less than an hour; it looked awful. I was incredibly disappointed. Perhaps I received a bad batch? Either way, I chatted with a rep directly from Lime Crime and they gave me a 10% discount for the same product off of their website. It ends up costing a few dollars more than the Amazon version, but hopefully stays on like it should!
These do not stick well at all.... super disappointed. I had to keep readjusting on my clients, tried to tape down the edges and everything. I decided to ditch them halfway through and I was super embarrassed
UGH THERE THE GEL ONES. I hate the gel ones product doesn't specify but their not the white ones. Way too expensive. They don't work well
Received busted open tubes. Contacted seller and sent pics. Never received my replacement or refund. What a joke of $50 smh
Looks great! Melts the wax wonderfully but doesn't remove hair. We had 4 girls trying to remove leg hair. Maybe removed a dozen hairs all together on the 4 of us. Very disappointing
Purchased the product and never received it. The original date for it to arrive was a month and a half later and never received it. I did contact the seller and I did get a refund just wish I would've received my product instead.
I ordered a bum bum cream of 8.1 oz and they sent the small one the travel size, the worst they charged for the big one
It sucks!! Waist of money!!
Charged it over night twice and it will not even turn on.
Hair get tangled fast ! And looks nothing like the picture . The cap isn't very strong it broke when I tried to take it back off and don't stay down if u use lace glue etc etc
Not sure it does anything.
Not effective. Did very little to improve appearance of dark circles. Would not buy again.
I have purchased this cologne many times but never from the Maple Prime vendor. What I received was definitely NOT the $450.00 Aventus cologne that Creed is famous for. This bottle has very little smell and nothing like the actual product should be. I suspect the vendor is either selling a knock off, selling seconds or this cologne wasn't stored properly which severely degraded the quality. Even though this purchase was nonrefundable, Amazon immediately refunded the money back to my account anyway. Thank you Amazon!
The box was is horrible condition, leaking everywhere, and looked to be a fake. Very disappointed. Note the Amazon box was fine, but the contents inside were terrible. Looked to be fully opened.
Never arrived from seller.
Complete waste of time and money. Does not work.
I NEVER RECEIVED THIS PRODUCT..WHY? IM EXPECTED TO PAY FOR SOMETHING I DIDNT RECEIVE?? WTH? Come on..I wouldnt have ordered it, if I didnt want it.
I'd give zero stars if I could. I ordered this a week ago with prime. They decided to ship it 2 days ago, I now have no timeline in while I'm going to get it. I run a bath and body products business and have an event in 1 week. Friday's are my main production day and now I can't my biggest seller. I emailed the seller and they did not respond.
I need a replacement please. This item was clearly used. Still had dirt and water in it and the manual was missing. It's perfect but I would like a brand new, unused machine.
Worst ever, and cant return them! It doesn't matter what temp of water you use, these never form to your teeth. What a total waste of money.
This works so well. It dries my hair in half the time. It also makes my hair look incredibly shiny and healthy. I don't notice much more volume, but I'm perfectly happy with it. UPDATE: After 1 week of using this product, it no longer works. I'm so upset. It no longer turns on.
The product appeared to have a old Walgreens sticker on it and test sample
Received my facial steamer today. Had it going for about 5 minutes and it shorted. My husband was the one who actually saw a flare within seconds you could smell the short... it was fried. What a disappointment-Cristina
Slides off my hair. Returned them
My skin broke out so much. Do not get this
This has an awful smell The stink wont come off.... cheap smelling odor/If only they had of made it without the stink.It is awful.
The bottles all exploded in my travel bag for the product that was left in the bottle, it was impossible to get out without taking the lid off and scooping out what was left by hand.
Hair is super super thin. The 2 single clip pieces have like 20 pieces of hair attached it's a joke.
I received this cream yesterday and it came in a blank box and the container is also blank. There is no way to know what it is and if it's in fact what I ordered. It may be a counterfeit product.... not good.
I shouldve known for the price this product would be shit. They all came broken and flattened, and if you try to mold them back to shape they snap in half. I would give this no stars. Horrible.
Chips after just a few hours. Really a shame because the color is beautiful. Won't but this brand again
The pumps don't work they are defective. Please let me return them. I am totally disapointed... I have never had the pumps not work.
I just put this screen protector on, and it's terrible. It has made my screen terribly unresponsive and crackles as I type, even though it's adheared to the screen properly. Definite waste of money.
Its wotk the first time but them it dosent, I want my money back.
Ordered 2, received one
Product arrived in crumbs. The product itself is amazing and with the money .
Opened the package and box and the bag was stained and soaked with product! Bottle was half empty! Fragrance was alright.
Item looks entirely different online than ln person. Arrived damaged as well.
The item did not work, button was not functional.
It's terrible sticky and doesn't work. And you can feel it under your all day. Terrible product
Just opened my package today and I didn't receive what was seen online. I didn't even get the Dead Sea mud mask ! Instead I got something I didn't intend to buy.
Not as good as Defense Soap. I like the regular soap, but this is hot garbage.
My first review ever. Worked great the first time, BS afterwards. Such a waste of money. Don't buy it.
I used this hair for a sew, horrible hair the closure had no part you cant even make your own part because the hair flicks up when you part it..... if I could give a 0 I would I'm not satisfied at all.
i received wrong product
Broke off as soon as I opened Then when I tried to sharpen it crumpled. And the tip was so not sharp it went on in a big mess. What little I did get on by end of day was smudged below my eye Horrible product
seriously ! not that impressed , everyone told me to buy this product and all the research ive done says the same thing but I am not sold on it yet . been using it for 3 weeks now . and I just don't see what the big hype is . and I would say it's cheap enough for you to try for yourself but its like $14 or $15 for just 1 tube . I thought if I brushed my teeth it would clean my balls at the same time for that price!!! total thumbs down if you ask me .
These got to me on time. My only problem was that they look messy straight out the bag and the hair gets caught on ever single thing even to each other so by the time I put them in it looked a mess and took them right off after hours of putting them in. I wouldn't buy again
Arrived in a huge box with no packing material totally broken. This picture is after I fixed the top part. The bottom pieces I have been trying to fix for a half hour and cannot repair it. This is a piece of junk. Not work the money I paid for it. There are also no directions on how to use the product.
Very bad quality. They seem like a bad imitation. My husband has cuts all over his face. Compared with one from a pharmacy store and they don't weigh the same or color.
shades like you won't believe
I had one bottle that was completely empty and 2 others that leaked. The inside of the empty bottle, which was the Signature Chi oil, was bone dry and didn't even smell like it ever contained oil. Pretty disappointed in this to be honest.
This is NOT authentic! I bought this for my husband. He applied some before we went out. 4 hours later, he had to tell me he put some of this on because I didn't even notice. I didn't realize you couldn't return this until I tried to send it back. Do not waste your money!!!
Would not recommend to any of my family or friends
I got a damaged/ crushed brush and empty tubes . Terrible
I wouldn't recommend for women who have dark skin like myself.
Received Bathtub Drain Hole Hair Catcher Drain. Can't return with the policy on this item. Please be aware!
Very dissapointed! I have used a few different essential oils and none of them smell with this! I used about 4 drops each side of the sponge. Thumbs down
Arrived later than promised
I really really wanted to like this but it didn't do a single thing for me. I hope the money back gaurentee is true because I am really upset with myself spending this much on something that doesn't work.
i never got it. it says delivered but i never got it
I forgot I ordered used floss, the box was beat up wth why would I want opened floss. I literally want my $4 back this is stupid.
The bottle was busted and shampoo was coming out of the container.
Was a knockoff scent ordered 2 received 1 tried emailing seller and no response I will never order from here again
Disappointed. Not a variety and all glittery-not the age I was gifting for. Also clear was not in the photo for the product description.
Maybe this needs better blades, as it is, it doesn't cut well. It pulls and rips painfully. I would not recommend purchasing this item.
I did not receive this item. It has been stated it was shipped on Tuesday October 16 but I have not received an notification nor the item
The bottle came broken with lotion coming out of the top. Lotion was all around the bottle and inside the packaging. Additionally, the top plastic part that is pressed down on was cracked and broken.
amazons heading said 4 pack I only received one pack
Ordered 2 weeks ago and never arrived. I have been given multiple delivery dates but the item never arrived. Of course I was charged but did not receive product.
Horrible ..I have tried it many times only hair and my daughter and it's a waste of time
This item is useless. I've never seen an eyelash comb with tines so wide apart. Cant be used for this reason.
The product is well made and works good, but I'm unable to remove the "replaceable" pads. They just tear apart, instead of coming off in one piece. I'm unwilling to put the work into getting them off and will just throw it away. What a waste. Very disappointed.
It's been over a month and I still have not received my order..... not happy
I don't use this often, and it has completely died after about a year of very light use. I would not recommend it, even though the price is very low.
Brush quality is cheap and it is much too dense for applying bronzer
If you want a blue beard or mustache, this product is for you.
Hi thank you for shipping the request to me but, I arrived spilled inside the casing I hope compensation for this damage I am very satisfied
The ring, earrings and necklace are costume jewelry. The ring is adjustable, but broke when adjusting it and it wasn't the same ring in the photo. The gems in the jewelry are plastic. The necklace chain broke the first day I had it. The watch however is nice, but ABSOLUTELY not worth 50 dollars......
Hard to find in the stores; the company is re-branding. Tried ordering this online, came wrapped horribly and least 20% outside the packaging...not eligible for return of any sort, so the least I can do is warn others.
Awful. Bright white thick and gooey. Creases and does not stay in the lid. Looks like white shoe polish.
The product is broken . Replace it
This product completely uses false advertising. Was looking forward to using this new trimmer with its anti-nick technology but after using it, its going to get returned. It does not provide a clean close shave and definalty nicks and cuts sensitive areas. All other trimming applications are fine, but for sensitive areas would not recommend.
I liked the product i originally ordered. The second time i ordered they sent me a similar product, it was not the same exact thing i first ordered. Does amazon allow this, do they even know they do this.
Watered down. Nothing like the same product I have bought in the past. Would not buy again?
I used it for three months and it killed my follicles rather than restore them. I used it twice a week at first then increased usage to three times per week leaving at least a day in between uses as prescribed. It simply didn't work for me.
HORRIBLE PRODUCT. DO NOT RECOMMEND.
This product did not calm my skin and it dried my skin out even more than it already is. If you have dry skin I don't think this is the product for you. Hard pass. Would not recommend to anyone with dry skin.
Most tubes come with a seal this product did not come with a seal. I purchased another brand and it came with a seal on it.
This product was terrible. From the moment it arrived it was already bad. The bottle arrived opened so there was a spillage in the bag it came with. Even though so much of the product had already spilled out, I still decided to keep it. Because of the good reviews I gave it a try and just in the first uses it dried the hair so much there was a big knot that could not be taken out and had to go to a salon. The salon was also not able to take off the knot and had no choice but to chop it off leading to an extremely short haircut. I wanted to believe it wasn't DevaCurl even though that had never happened prior to using the shampoo and conditioner, so it was decided that the product should be given a chance and then aside from getting even more dry the product started to thin the hair and making it fall. Very unsatisfied and do not recommend to anyone.
Wow. Absolutely disappointed in this.
I received the used one, Scissors were Wet and found hair in it, Disgusting .. also it is not sharp as advertised .. wasted $19
Berry flavor doesn't buzz
SO small and childlike. so flimsy too. plastic and bad quality
The quality of the comb is very general, the weight is very light, and the packaging is simple. It's not very useful, it's a very common number, I gave it a bad review because it's not worth the price. You can easily get one with better quality in Target with the same price.
Very upset about the shampoo and conditioner I received. My conditioner had a broken nozzle and the shampoo has leaked all over the packaging... I love this product, but disappointed on how I received it.
my mouth is way too small to have something like this in my mouth when sleeping.
This heating cap keeps cutting off wish i could send back. I recommend that purchasing this item not worth it very disappointing.
Bristles started falling out after 5 weeks. This is my first order of these brush heads from Amazon. This never happened with the brush heads purchased from bed bath & beyond.
Very thick consistency; clogged my pores, off color
This does not work!!! I waste my money.
Terrible. Crayon broke on first application. Will not buy this product again.
This product didn't work on my hair.
Piece of junk! Heads broke within a few weeks. Tried to contact company several times with no response! Waste of money! Very disappointed!
I remember the chew sticks from my travels to Africa. This product is horrible. It breaks apart in your mouth. And taste horrible
I was very dissatisfied after using this product there's no scent after spraying a lot on my clothes to see if it would last it was.like i use only water i will never buy it again. So dissapointed.
It doesn't work. Not worth the purchase
I just got it today and realized it's a tiny bottle . I wanted to return it and get a bigger one for a better price but they won't allow me to return there for I won't buy again .
I have been using Olay products for years but this one does not live up to their ads... a total disappointment
Open jar and it was used.
Product does not work
Arrived packaged upside down in box and lid not fastened, product leaked all over the container. Had to go through the hassle of returning it.
I didn't receive my package!
The pallet itself is beautiful...but I'm really disappointed because it came in broken.....soooo sad
Do not buy!!! False advertisement at it's best. I purchased them and returned them the next day because they are thin, cheaply made and easy to damaged when removing them from the adhesive tape inside case.😡😡😡
Arrived with top broken off so completely unusable. Can't return it according to policy and no option for it to be replaced.
I paid for a pack of three, but only one showed up.
Super shiny and does not fit head properly. One of the worst wigs I ever bought.
They smell really bad.
Honestly these are weird. Feels more the sprain support compared to a zen experience. Save your money or invest in Badger brand foot balm.
Baught this based off a salon at an event. They said how great it was. But this lotion absolutely stinks, smells like pickles. Was unaware how bad it smells. If i could return i would and never buy again. Please be aware of the stank.
this product was tough to apply and did not look natural and cracked within 3 days
Cheap made and they stink
I was disappointed upon opening my box because I immediately noticed the most recent reviews/photos showed a different warmer than I received (I received the black one in the photo not the wooden looking one in the reviews). I took everything out of the box and was disgusted at how dusty my warmer was. Everything looked like it had been sitting on a shelf for a year with a thick layer of dust. I wiped everything down and plugged it in to find that it smells like burning plastic and periodically turns off and takes forever to turn back on. The wax provided is terrible quality and breaks into pieces and smells TERRIBLE.
Not even close to worth my money
Received this low-cost beard trimmer in late June. By mid-October it stopped working. In between it worked fine, keeping my relatively light beard trimmed twice to three times a month with quick 2-minute trims. When I tried to use it last week it would not turn on. I swapped in brand new batteries, still would not turn on. The unit still looks brand new and it should because it practically is. Except that it doesn't work. Sad. Maybe spend your money on a higher-end model -- that's what I'm going to try next.
Good night! I didn't like the product, the perfume is defective
Colors were NOT the same as pictured!!!
I don't like this, can't even part it, it's ugly and the hair tangles almost immediately!
Came completely busted up...... How do i get a replacement?
No good you have to recharge every time and it does not clean the blackheads of your nose. I will take your suggestion to have teh refund of $15.00 because it doe snot work well but I do not want to expense in return courier expense
These oils are not very good, they gave me a bad headache and do not smell good at all.
If you liked this product years ago, DO NOT BUY THIS. Please listen to the newer reviews. It smells gross, feels gross, and the liquid doesn't spray properly (I've tried other bottles, it's the formula that causes this). Such a shame bc this was a favorite of mine for years - perfect for setting makeup and spritzing on a warm day. Now using Mario Badescu's facial spray.
Didn't do anything at all ,left white flakes on skin and u can't put lotion on over it.
Arrived late from china and broken.Would not order again.
I heard great things about this mask but I was very let down. Didn't pull any black heads out and honestly it didn't hurt at all to take off. Definitely won't buy again
The battery does not charge fully after a few months of usage. The reservoir does not fully empty. The unit needs to be kept in an upright position to work. No way to change the Battery without a soldering tool.
Does not smell like Patchouli, smells like backyard dirt.
Like with most of these pieces, I have too much hair to fit in the ponytail. But aside form that, this thing is huge and frizzy in a not good way.
Waste of money on this. It basically has no power to clean your brushes...mine was so slow, my hand works faster than this.
The arabica coffee scrub didn't work for me. After only using it for two days, also with using the coffee caffeine firming cream, combined made my legs worse. I guess my legs are sensitive.
Didn't realize how tiny these are
The adhesive on this patch ripped the skin around my poor son's eye! I gave it the benefit of the doubt, thinking it was just that one patch, but it was in fact not. We tried for a few days and the skin kept getting worse every time! The only reason I have one a one-star-rating is because I could not submit without selecting one!
I bought this on the great reviews but my skin didn't seem to like it. I was trying a few new products out at the same time with this and I was breaking out in cystic acne. I started narrowing down which products were breaking me out and this was one of them. I was researching the ingredients and I think it had some form coconut oil and to my understanding for acne prone/sensitive skin that is a huge no no.
It is very tiny. Does not heat up enough to curl the hair. So I was going to return it but y'all say that it is a product that is not returnable. Not happy at all.
Great product TINY SIZE. If you didnt notice like me you will get ripped off, like me. I wasnt surprised when i saw that it was non-returnable after the fact. The product itself is great.
Horrible product! I'm missing 4 scrunchies , there were human hair wrapped on some scrunchies ( previously owned for sure ) and the only scrunchies I checked , the fabric was ripped . Total rip off ! I'm sending this junk back
Never received this item No way to contact seller
should smell more more ;. do not spend your money on this
Doesn't work, got an expired batch and the product was literally stuck to the tube. Do not recommend buying from seller
Is a gel instead of a cream. Does not feel good when applied. Will not use. Not worth postage cost to return.
These are crap, they don't fit a standard needle. Get what you pay for. Kingpin or bust.
There is NO reaction at all. No pleasant feel...no pleasant scent...no softer skin...nothing...I get better results from squeezing a drop out of my own aloe plant, than that whole bottle provided! waste of my hard earned money!
Worked for one month then timer doesn't work at all. Runs non stop. Power off button doesn't work. Have to unplug to turn off.
I use H&S all the time but as my packages arrived they were both leaking and damaged. Thankfully the other items I had in the amazon box were protected by their own cases.
I never got the product.
Just received my 1st order with Prime shipping. Fast delivery....HOWEVER this is what I got for my $$$.
This gave me bruises- even on the lowest setting! So embarrassing! I had a bunch of bruises that needed to be covered up with a ton of make up the next day.
I should have paid attention to the folks who said the tweezers don't grab hair -- they don't. But some reviews said they work just fine. Perhaps the quality varies. It is a shame, because the concept is wonderful. A lighted tweezer that really worked would be a wonderful thing to have.
If I did not have to give a star to leave this review I wouldn't had. These people send your SCREEN PROTECTOR in soft packaging and expect it not to be broke. After waiting 3 week s for the crap I'm highly upset about this.
I bought this once it stores and LOVED it. it worked perfectly, but unfortunately I lost it when I moved. So recently I purchased this guy on amazon and not sure if this is from the original manufacturer but it sucks and broke immediately and didn't remove any hair.
These are NOT rubber. These are useless. They break after holding the hair for 2-3 minutes. Waste of money and too much of a hassle to return.
Absolutely horrible, dried out useless
I wanted to like this but it's not good,it barely goes on and the wing part doesn't either
This package was not delivered to me or any of my 2 neighbors. How do i file a claim?
I have used the original manufacturers version of this product for almost 2 years. What I received did not have original packaging, and upon application it immediately began irritating my eyelids. They became pink and swollen, and required thorough rinsing for relief. Whatever came in that tube is not what it claims to be.
Very thin and cheap. Many were chipped.
The product was squished and melted the presentation was very poor! Not gift worthy!
I love spray on moisturizer. I live in the desert so I use a lot. But this is the 3rd one of these that broke and would not spray as soon as I tried to use it. This has happened before and I just let it go. But this one I had just purchased (others had been in the closet for several weeks) and I decided to return. Was told this is a non-returnable item. ?? Won't be buying these anymore.
I was allergic to it & got bumps under my arms. It's also too clumpy and greasy. Dissatisfied.
Never arrived and the seller would not reply to my emails. Contacted amazon and they will work on getting my refund.
This is by far the worst order ever I ordered this soap and they send me jelly bean! I am very disappointed I order from amazon all the time this is disappointed I was looking forward to to trying this soap please return my money !!! This don't even deserve a one star!
Was very disappointed as bought these for a trip and when I actually charged and used them. They would only hold a charge for about 10 minutes. I do not recommend them and have returned them.
Stopped working after 2nd use
they require you to send photographic proof of the rash this causes. Moreover, even if you reaction is several and is on the side of your body or under your breast. If I wanted my money back, I had to send a photo of the full rash. There is nothing in the return policy stating this.
Very clear and very drying on lips.
First off this mascara is priced higher than I paid in the stores before it was discontinued. I received this product in time and used it for a night out. The packaging did look a little worn like it was laying around somewhere for a while but there wasn't anything out of the ordinary when I opened the mascara. The next day my eye started having a discharge and became very red. I couldn't figure out why but the only thing new I did with my eyes was use this product. I've never had any kind of eye infection and I was a contact lense wearer for many years. I use this mascara and then I wake up with an eye infection. Thank God I had some Colloidal silver handy or it probabaly would've been worse because my other eye started the same thing. This product is now in the garbage! Never again!
It's not an accurate sized depiction of an adult head. A lot of reviews say they love it because their daughter can style it's hair. I'm sure it's fine for your daughter to play with. It's a toy. However, if you're looking for something that, ya know, is the size of an actual adult head, then NO, this is not for you. Although the face is meant to look like an adult, it's about the size of an average 5 or 6 year old girl's head, if that. As you can see, the thing's ear is about the size of my thumb print. Is it too much to expect a mannequin head, that looks like an adult head in the pictures, to actually be about the size of an adult head? Apparently it is. WTF?
Do not buy this!! I received damaged was sent a replacement but the ups never brought a label and was not given a label to print. Now they are charging my card for the replacement
There is a stain on the pouch and a little dent on the mirror. It's very disapointing to spend money on sth and receive a defective or used product like this. I dont have time to waste for returning this so I kept it but never buying again.
I used Rose Gold (medium iridescent blonde) hoping to go from my usual light blonde to a light strawberry blonde, instead it turned part of my hair PURPLE and the other part a dark dishwater blonde. I picked up a high-lift blonde at the store today, fingers crossed that it gets rid of the purple and the ugly dirty blonde color. If you don't want purple hair, pick a different color.
Didn't get to even open it, there was liquid all over.
The stuff smells fine, but the bottle came busted and is missing a third of its contents.
Product received was defective and had to be returned. The mounting bracket did not have the mounting holes punched
Mouth breathers should stay far from this device. I tried cutting a gap in the front for air to pass through but that wasn't enough as I would wake up choking on the saliva that pooled in the device. There were some instructions for heating with hot water to mold to your teeth. I didn't do that but I feel it would ride too far up my gums if I was willing to burn myself trying to mold it. stay away.
DO NOT BUY!! Had ordered a couple months ago and still not here and seller is unresponsive.
Got this product today and the seal was pulled open.
I wanted to use these headphones for the gym but the should would always cut of whenever I walked, let alone walked in place. DO NOT GET, also when I tuned or shared my head I had the same problem.
Don't waste your money. Bought a pair and took them into the salon. Nobody could get them on!!
An empty envelope was delivered. Maybe the brush heads fell out in the delivery truck or somewhere else in transit but this envelop was open and empty when it arrived. We picked it up from the place the delivery person left it minutes after they left it. No one else came in my property. This was empty.
This season's scent smells awful. Right when i gave it a sniff i knew i was going to hate it, and i contemplated returning it before i touched it. However, i still gave it a chance. I ended up getting a headache at the end of the day. To describe the scent, it smells like a thrift store mixed with expired old man's cologne that's been sitting out for too long. I'm bummed out
I've order 2 of these now for my girlfriend first one was wet and had mold in the box second one just looked used and there was small black things inside the roller she didn't feel safe to use it
I have seen no benefit
This was not the same as others I have used this scent since the 70s this isn't even an oil maybe oil based but definitely not the same ☹️
4 items were promised. Only 2 arrived in the package. No money was refunded, however.
Terrible. Can't even wear it.
This is not the authentic Moroccan Oil, no wander the price! Has a different smell. If you used to the regular Moroccan oil you will be very desapointed.
Huge rip off!! I bought this product and it peeled off like dead skin. I returned it. It was less than .5 ounces when purchased. Of course I had to use it to try it. They refused to refund my money because they said I had used it and they could not re-shelve it. Gross! I hope what I put on my face hadn't been used by someone else! I reported them to Amazon and Amazon made it right. But I will not ever buy anything else from them and will tell everyone who will listen how hateful and unreasonable they were.
I am very sad because I was excited for this wig, When I received it it looked used. It was much shorter than in the picture and was tangled.
They were NOT very helpful and not as strong as the ones that originally came with the unit.
I wanted to like this product as most of the reviews were positive. However, in my experience, this product gave me cystic acnes in just 2 applications. I used it overnight and again during the day. I followed the instructions to only apply 1-2 pumps. At the end of the day of using it, I started feeling the pain on my facial skin which signals the start of cystic acnes. I was hoping this product will help my skin gets moisture and my old acne scars faded. But instead, it gave me not one, not two, not three, but 5 cystic acnes in less than 24 hours of application. This product is obviously not for everyone.
Very time consuming to wax large areas, but it hurts badly than other waxes.
Since Gillette aka Procter and Gamble has made the decision to enter into the political arena with the "me too movement" I will be changing brands.
They sent me an expired product!
Not for sensitive skin. This isn't what I ordered so buyer beware- you might not be receiving what you ordered. Even though the product claims that it's hypoallergenic, my skin became red and inflammed.
I ordered 2 bottles of this makeup and only received one. I don't see where I can contact Seller. HELP
This is the first time I bought this but this is how it arrived. Very poor packaging. I requested a replacement, so we will see what happens with the replacement. Please package it better.
Box arrived with seal broken and contents seemingly taken out and handled. Read similar reviews from other people with the same issue.
Ordered this in December 2018. Had an estimated arrival date of Jan-Feb 2019 it is April 27 2019 and It has not come nor has it been shipped. I believe this could be a fraudulent item and would avoid this seller and this item.
Does not help and burns your skin. Tried to return it, but it was not eligible for return, even before 30 days. Dissatisfied with this product.
Never arrived in time, even though I am a prime member it took way longer
Never received product to write a review. Amazon never gave me an option that I never received the product, so a good waste of $20.
Does not set, if you touch it, it smears and does not look pretty.....
They should call these Club, not Sword.
The eyeliner brush is awkward
Triggered my asthma really badly and kept it going for at least 30 minutes after getting out of the bath. Asthma attack didn't respond to emergency inhalers. Happened both times that I tried to use this product. Baths without using this caused no asthma attack, so I'm pretty sure it's not the water. I don't know if my body is just really screwed up or what, but I would urge you to be on guard if anybody reading this has asthma and wants to try this. Not sure if it did anything for my eczema but two uses don't seem it'd be enough to make a difference.
I had owned this hair dryer for only 3 months and it quit getting hot. I only used it every other day and paid a lot of money for a hair dryer that I thought would last years. I don't know if there is any recourse for a refund after a few months but I feel cheated. I would NEVER recommend buying this product.
they did send the order correctly
I was really hoping that this would work, but no luck. I've tried a couple times, following the instructions to a tee and I get nothing.
I received this product and the pack of razors was opened. I am not sure if the seller opened them or the product is a knock off but regardless I am sending them back due to this.
I did not like this product. although is felt smooth when applying, I could feel an odd, somewhat sticky residue after. I threw it away
The wig was trash I want my money back. I literally ended up dumping it away after putting it on and trying to fix it. It's tangly and just overall terrible.
I have thick naturally curly hair. This brush did nothing to detangle it. I tried it in my daughters fine thin hair and it did nothing but pull it. Not impressed.
It barely goes around! Battery operated toothbrushes are ten times stronger! If you just want to wash your face & don't care about exfoliating or anything it may be for you...I was looking for something more than I could do than with a washcloth (this isn't it)
I'm disappointed because this item arrived broken.
I have not seen REALM in many years, and I figure well this is a good place to look for it, I was really excited when I saw the one that look like the real one and this one, needless to say I end up buying some of the red bottle one and one of this one. My first clue would have been the price, it is cheap, I figured that Amazon was not going to do me over with a cologne... right? Well was I wrong I kept it along with the others, so far I have bought 2 kinds of REALM, and another brand ... and that is it ... no more from here, I do not return faulty items, because I know better and by ignoring that I have end up with bad merchandise, and I do not like to complain because of the same but I hate to see others be taken without warning.
I felt nausea and speedy heart and stomach cramps for these.
Really shocked how this has so many positive reviews. It looks great and like it would work but did absolutely nothing and didn't even work on my husbands face even with his huge pores and many blackheads. Save yourself the money.
Product came spilled everywhere. Cap busted. A mess. And I'm expected to return a messy broken bottle?
I cannot leave review on the product because I never rec'd it. Tried to find how to let Amazon know. Will have to call them
Advertised as 3 pack and was only a 2 pack.
Stay away from these. Within two minutes of putting them my upper cheek began to burn, there was no way I could leave it on for 15 minutes. 24 hours later and my skin is still red, raw and bumpy. I can't even put on my field moisturizer bc it burns. The skin right under my eye is very sore to the touch right now. Will not be using these ever again.
Poor quality,,, I tried to return them but they never responded
Why are all these gloves fits most? My husband does not have a large hand and they were too tight. Have to find a brand that works
Pay attention to the other negative reviews. I have compared this shampoo to real Redken shampoo I bought from Ulta, and it is definitely not the same, based on the smell, feel, and look of both the shampoos and the bottles they came in. Do not fall for this scam. I have been using this fake Redken shampoo, which turned my hair into straw, and I couldn't figure out why an expensive salon brand shampoo would be doing that to my hair. Then I read some of these reviews and decided to buy some from Ulta to see if the shampoo actually was different. I figured it had to be, otherwise no one would ever use Redken, because this fake stuff is awful. It's only a few dollars more at Ulta too, well worth it for the real Redken shampoo.
Not as described. Very disappointed. Not Afro in any way. Cheaply made.
Please save your time and money and go with a different one. I did not use the diffuser right away. I was only able to use it for maybe two months before it just stopped working. It would still light up but that was it. I contacted the vendor sent pictures and completed all of the unnecessary troubleshooting. Finally i was told a new one would be sent, however i never received it. I think I am more aggravated with the customer service than i am about he item no longer working.
Couldn't get them on easily, gave up
Very oily and the mask is way too thick.
My father used this for years, it will numbed his throat to the point where he could not swallow properly. He used it every night. maybe even more. I would not recommend this product for every day use. drink water to wet your mouth.
This DOES NOT SMELL. I have bought Lucky for years. HORRIBLE.
Too thick and sticky. Slip solution doesn't work to mold gel. Product is messy and just overall not worth the hassle
stops working when even minimal pressure is applied. would not recommend
This is horrible. I'm assuming all the 4 and 5 star reviews are from much older individuals or that the reviews are FAKE. It doesn't smell like Black Opium, or even a Black Opium-inspired fragrance. Smells peculiar and artificial. Thankfully, I found an alternate perfume that actually smells similar to Black Opium, though not entirely, and is a much better option. Seller does not accept returns. Save your money.
I tried to use the product for lip hair remover. Gave it 2 tries. Going into the garbage. Too sticky and messy. Couldn't get off my hands. Perhaps I didn't microwave long enough, but too hot doesn't work on lip area. Previously I used Sally Hansen wax with no issues. Never buying this again.
This is not human hair. It tangle from the first day I put it in. It sheds real real bad.
Not as advertised! These are the small bands and the colors are not as shown.
Haven't tried it yet but the shampoo bottle leaked a little because someone was too lazy to wrap both bottles and only did one 😐
This doesn't fit a 370. Not even close.
It's a fake, don't waste your time or money. I gave this to my wife and had to buy another one because this was a fake. The bottle is different and even the color of the liquid inside is different and you can't return. What a scam.
Received this and bottle of lotion was broken and all over box it sent in. Says no returns for this so guess I am stuck. Should have been wrapped to prevent this not tossed in box loose. Luckily it did not ruin rest of box contents. STUCK....with this mess.
Product came with out seal. And i am returning it now. Not trustworthy. 0 star to this product from me because of this.
Made my skin irritated
It was not warm enough to do anything. It did not heat up to anywhere near what the info indicated.
Would have given zero stars if I could. It is not anywhere near the item I ordered. Can't return it because the item says not returnable, even though it's not what I ordered.
I never could get them on. I gave sets of these to three other people; they could not get them on either.
Not happy with this product. I wanted the cleansing grains. When I tried to exchange it it was too much trouble to deal with. I had been ill and we were finishing a new house and just couldn't handle it.
Pro: size of bottles, easy to fill Cons: poor suction which I was willing to overlook until I saw it leak through the seal, with tightest seal possible it leaks through the screw on seal area (see pics), label dial is hard to turn on some of the bottles, item used only one time and will be returned.
These are made from super thin aluminum. I destroyed the first one I took out of the box trying to take the lid off. You get what you pay for.
I received a different thing
Frizzy and didn't last long
They sent the wrong products then said it wasn't eligible for return. They sent the new and improved version of the product not the old version that was on the picture I ordered. I hate the new version. It's way too dark !
Purchased this for my daughter to use, we ordered the UV light as well and expecting the top coat but that did not arrive. Used the silver and blue colors separately and both colors caused burning on my daughter's nails. We immediately removed her hand from the UV light and returning the polish for a refund. The Silver Polish was very thick and smoked when we put it under the UV light and the blue started smoking. Definitely would NOT recommend this NOR buy it again!! Needs to be removed from Amazon!!
I purchased this to do my own acrylic nails at home. I have had it just shy of 4 months, so it's been used approximately 6-7 times. Today it just stopped working. No signs that anything that might be wrong, I was in the middle of my nails and it stopped. I didn't expect it to last forever, but I did expect much longer than this.
I think that this is a knock-off product. Doesn't even smell like a Kendra product.
When I receive my brushes they were dirty with Make up I tried contacting the provider and still no response it has been four weeks already and no response. I will never purchase from them again total disappointment
All this did was hurt my face and didn't pull anything from my pores except my very tiny and sensitive facial hair. No actual blackheads being removed. I do not recommend this at all. I could still see the blackheads on my nose and if I pinched it they wld come out.... even though I applied the mask and waited for it to dry, TWICE.. nothing. Very disappointed but probably won't return it since I feel bad for having used up a lot of it already on my face. Btw it's from China and idk if I trust the ingredients and contents of this at all.
I was very disappointed with the hand cream.It is not a thick hand cream. I have to apply alot on my hands to see improvement.I will not buy the hand cream again highly disappointed.
cheap and break really easy
It did not cover like it shows and did not last the long i had to use my own cover up over yours.......
I used this twice and now it does not heat up. I am very disappointed.
Fake item. Scent disappear in less than 1 hour. More importantly its smells terrible, I went to Macy's and their DG is gold/yellowish color.
This warmer does not warm up; waste of money.
So excited to try this since most of the reviews I have read had similar issues with my little one but after I had used it my baby had worst breaks out.
This is not the product it claims to be. I have been using the *real* IT Cosmetics Confidence in a Cream for over a year, and when this deal came up on Amazon it seemed to good to be true. That's because it is too good to be true- it is a fake product. See my photo, real product on the left and the fake on the right. Horrible smell, nothing like the texture of the real thing. I am very unhappy Amazon allows things like this to be sold on their site.
DO NOT BUY THIS. Yes it got my black heads out. But I also have a bruised face now. It looks like I got beat up.
Two of three bottles arrived damaged and virtually empty.
All of the lipsticks are stuck to the lids and all broke
I bought two of these because the reviews were so great and the smell sounded amazing. I just got it today and it does not smell like sugar cookies at all. there is a slight hint of vanilla but it mostly just smells sour, both bottles smell the same so it's unlikely i got a defective bottle. I'm going to try to fix the smell with some of my own fragrances but the sour smell is very pungent, i'm not optimistic. My opinion, stay away.
Sadly, I am allergic to this product. It is not reflective of the product, but of my personal situation. I would love to be able to return it.
I've never given a bad review on amazon before, but this was terrible. My Balm was melted and stuck to the cap, It's completely un-salvageable. What a waste of money.
Don't have one. Did not order this!
I paid this money for a dried out brush and no mascara in tube that was travel size???? Ridiculous!!!!!
please do NOT buy this!!!! Does NOT WORK!!!
Product makes you feel sticky and was described as very cooling, can barely feel the peppermint
Very cheaply made save your money Nothing like the picture
Wow first off the wefts are thick but hair is thin and stringy there are actually short pieces within the bundles like it was cut the dye job is horrible the hair is over processed and has a lot of split ends I'm glad the hair was cheap I guess you get what you pay for
This item arrived at my house UNSEALED and lacking half of product... Exactly as you can see in the pictures. I DO NOT reccomend this item!!!!!
The package was received fully damaged!!!
It is too thick to come out of the bottle with the lid open.
I have taken the entire bottle, and did not want to leave a review until I had. One of my girlfriends suggested this product to help thicken my hair. In all honesty, I believe it's thinner and more brittle after taking this product! I'm quite disappointed, actually. Definitely not worth the $$
I had ordered two, one for me and one for my mom. I read the reviews, they seemed pretty good for the most part. When we got them, neither one of our phones charged on it. We tried my dad's phone and that also did not charge. It was a waste of money
I have had mine for only 3 months and it is already showing wear and tear. The zippers are grabbing the "fabric" on the sides and the stitching on the side "D-rings" are coming apart. Very disappointed!
I used the Bic Flex 4 for a while and that worked well. After reading the rave reviews, I thought I would try the Gillette Fusion 5. This was a mistake. The orange strip is reversed and on the bottom of the head versus the top. Thus, the blades don't have a smooth contact point with skin resulting in a poor shave.
Packaging of the comb was tapped up at the bottom and top of the packaging. Appears this was a comb that was previously opened and then returned. GROSS. For $2 it's not worth returning and my husband doesn't seem to care and will still use it, that's why it got one star. Will be used but wouldn't recommend based on cleanliness.
Once water touches it, curl pattern is gone.
Though the packing appeared authentic I have my own doubts about the product being original Bvlgari product. The fragrance hardly stays for 15 minutes and when sprayed on clothes they also do not retain any perfume. Completely disappointed
No different than regular
Left a film on teeth that was really difficult to remove .....
I was not satisfied with this item as the rotating head moved extremely slow and I placed new batteries I the device.
This is not real Kerastase - 100% sure.
I got black rooted one did not order that I thought I was getting what the picture showed solid color oh well another Halloween wig
The stones started falling off already Just arrived on Friday Sept. 7, 2018 It broke when I put my phone in it...my phone couldn't fit at all. Very cheap not worth the money
Doesn't work at all on brown hair. Just a mess.
DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY WISH I COULD GIVE IT ZERO STARS . TOO BAD I THREW OUT THE PACKAGING OR I WOULD MOST DEFINITELY RETURN IT. BAD QUALITY. CAME FRIZZY AND TANGLED.
So disappointed. I looked at reviews online, swatches, etc and expected it to be a lovely nude shade. When I tried it on, however, it turned into a dark mud gray. It also feels very sticky and tacky.
I did not receive what I ordered. I received something else & the sender wanted me to take a picture of what I received including the package which I did, but had no way of sending it to him. Have not heard back.
I trimmed/shaved with this once, rinsing it in the sink now and then, and when I was done, the power button broke and only cycled through the power options about 1 in every 20 presses. So much for waterproof. This was my first and last experience with this brand. And naturally, as I write this review, it turns on on its own. Seriously, don't buy this.
I ordered and paid for two but only received one item, and there is no option to contact the seller on Amazon. What else am I supposed to do than write a review?
The purse was cheap and it felled apart.
Both items were crushed in delivery, a complete oily mess when I opened up the box. There was no wrapping, they were just thrown in a plastic bag with heavier items.
Don't waste your money
Hard to use even after practicing
If you need the attachments, then find another dryer. I was spending half my time chasing down the attachments that keep falling off, and burning my hands in the process until I finally just duct taped the concentrator on permanently . It is quite frustrating. I wish I would have spent my money on a better quality dryer.
The Top Doesn't Come Off even after long, repeated struggle, squeezing from sides while pushing downward. Got off only once in several months. Finally just gave up. And they dint't let you return the product.
Picture doesn't do justice for reality after you install faux locs. Not good outcome. Too freezy, too messy
Used it for one week and it stopped charging. I don't recommend buying!
I did not comparison shop this item or check the fine print about return policy. NOTE this item is grossly overpriced and NONREFUNDABLE. I regret this purchase.
Got the product and it was the wrong product. The wrong product I could have gotten for a dollar at a store. Returned it.
I never received the item
They put too much color in these and your tub will be colorful until you scrub it down. Rinsing or spraying won't take the color off...we're talking elbow grease and mildly abrasive cleaner. Also they smell super strong. My dogs looked offended when I used them, rather than their usual mild concern over their human taking a bath voluntarily. There are better, less annoying bath bombs available. These were not for me.
I do not recommend this product because when I opened it there was no cap liner or seal.
I never received this item
Broke after a month.
I bought this razor for my brother and we just received it a little while ago. This razor came incomplete and the box where the razor was supposed to be contained was opened. The package also did not contain blades or handles. I'm not sure what occurred but Amazon needs to either return our money or send us a complete razor with all the items in the description and title.
This product came in a very small bottle. Which would be no problem if it worked. I wasn't looking for a miracle, but at least help a bit to firm the skin. It does nothing and it's not even a good moisturizer. Don't waste your money.
These are not smooth stones. They are rounds cut from a larger block and are rough like sandpaper and scratch the skin. Even oiled and with oil they were scratchy. Why bother making a kit with sandpaper like stones?!
I paid for a total of 12 permanent hair color kits. I got 6 permanent color kits and 6 root touch up kits that I did not specifically order. I ordered these for a world renowned cardiologist who is going on holiday and is very upset. I want my money back for the root touch up kits.
It was mostly leaked in to the bubble wrap.
Used it for 2 months with absolutely no results. Snake Oil.
The bag is flat and cut open when delivered. It was an empty bag. We gave the empty bag back to postal worker. We did not receive any product and we are having a difficult time getting a replacement.
Would give it zero but that's not option. Never received item. Sent email to seller 3 times but they never responded. Went directly to amazon and they were able to help but not through seller.
Almost ripped my skin off! Be careful!
It was not delivered to my address, although it says it was delivered.
These bottles leak from the dropper so the oil I put in them is now all over the top, the bottle, and the counter below.
My Kat Von D eyeliner usually last 3+ months. This lasted 2.5 weeks and then began drying out. Other reviews say it must be fake/knock off. I'm agreeing!
The small head was defected, it would not clip on to the clipper.
When I received the product, the seal was broken, one of the heads opened and out of the package, there was human hair in it, and it was dirty. I don't trust this seller.
I have been very disappointed to not be able to find the American Crew Classic fragrance anymore seems It's been discontinued. I decided to try this one and while it lasts a long time it's a very very strong and just doesn't compare to the original. Wish I could have returned it but third-party seller not returnable
THE ABSOLUTE WORST PRODUCT IVE EVER HAD TO REMOVE MY EXTENSIONS. All these reviews are absolutely ridiculous!!! Do not waste your time or money. Might as well pour water on the bond and just rip the hair out. If you buy this, you've been warned
I didn't like it , it is think too thick for my hair to absorb or benefit from it and it gave me dandruff
Smell is good but I have sensitive skin and these STUNG. Not a fan.
Do not purchase from this seller...I was sent used hair...The hair looked liked they snatched it out of somebody head and sent it to me...I have purchased hair from other sellers and never had an issue...I dont want your recycled hair.. I had to give it a rating to submit it..The hair nor the seller deserve even an 1 star..
no result at all. wasted my money.
I will never buy this brand of polish again it peels off the next day and I went by the Instructions
Never received it or refund.
Brand new mascara? Seems dried out and clumpy from first application. I am not impressed.
I ordered these months ago and never received my package. The seller and amazon failed to help me.
The sponges are really tiny and they smell so bad
was not able to use. the tube is shorter than the bottle . I was not able to twist open to pump no matter how are i tried. not returnable.
Waste of money. Product doesn't work!!!!
I think this is wrong So small cream Like sample
This wig was not contructed correctly. Returned it.
I had high hopes for this but it doesn't work at all. The scent is barely noticeable and it definitely didn't keep me from having bo.
I just used this product twice and My hair started to fall more and my scalp become so itchy. I wanted to return this product but missed the return window.
I never received my item.
The bottle was so tiny, I could hardly manage it and the product did nothing.
The mint flavor is like putting 50 Altoids in your mouth at once. It's way too powerful. it tastes nothing like the regular Colgate. There are other charcoal toothpastes out there for cheaper, I reccomend any of those.
Wouldn't know. Never received it
THIS PIECE OF CRAP DOES NOT WORK NEVER EVER
This needs a ZERO star rating! I tried it multiple times leaving it on for varying amounts of time. The only thing it does weil is stink. A day later it still stinks after washing and washing and washing..
Both bottles arrived with broken caps. They arrived shrink wrapped together but shrink wrap had already been cut open on one side. The seal on the bottle on the open side was half off. Not happy!!
I didn't think anything about ordering this off amazon, as I've ordered it once before with no issues. However, the foundation I received had a slightly different label. I thought maybe it was just an old label. After using it, I can tell this isn't the real thing. -Didn't stand up to my oily skin like it normally does -Ivory shade came out orange and splotchy. It normally matches my pale/zombie skin perfectly -Runny consistency, took twice as much to achieve same coverage. Tried it with both a damp and dry beauty blender with no improvement. -Did not dry matte. This was a full on dewy foundation that sucked up every ounce of setting powder that came it's way. YMMV, but buyer beware!
Too late. No need for package.
Very bad product , doesnt work ... got rashes
Don't buy this. Product gets On EVERYTHING after you use it. Even washing my hands! I can not touch my hair and then touch anything else without white residue being left. No thanks!
One roller broken upon arrival. End fell right off. Cannot reattach without gluing. Shouldn't have to repair a new product. Defective.
Item not same colors as pictured it's a dirty blond awful color
Package came open. Totally unacceptable.
I used as directed, even saw a few YouTube tutorials because I though I was not doing it right but nothing worked!! It takes the hair off your face tho, so maybe I found a use for this black mask after all.
Received this New Waterpik Aquarius Professional Water Flosser...on September 7, 2017 and today, January 10, 2018 the motor just gave out. My previous Water Pick Water Flosser lasted 5 years and did not pay as much as my new more expensive recent broken device.
I received a box of items and the HAIR DYE from Clairol was not included.
Ordered this foundation in desperation since it looks to have been discontinued. Shipping times said in a week. After a week and a half, made contact, said they would ship another. Waited so long that finally the headline on shipping said lost. “New” bottle arrived wrapped in bubble wrap and no other packaging.
Not good, cheaply made.
I just received one bottle for the price of 2
I ordered this conditioner, but received the corresponding shampoo, NOT the conditioner. Very disappointed.
The product description fails to state that the warranty is only for 30 days
I ordered this perfume for women and you sent two bottles for men
They were nice big bath bombs. The toys were not great!
great in a pinch but for every day use, this product should not be sold
The gray had a pink tint. Also the color can't be altered so your just stuck with this awful pink tint. I've been buying extensions for 10 years and have always been able to dye them till this set. Very disappointed!
I ordered this item. Estimated delivery was a month after. I sent email and still never received the item. I wouldn't recommend this company
I don't want a replacement I want a refund.
Garbage. Sent me the wrong colors and won't give me a refund.
I never even received my product. So I guess I don't have much of a review other than this seller is sure quick to take your money but not deliver your product...... I'll just go to Target.
The container broke after the first use.
Useless. Did not work. Blades are very blunt. Broke the very first time it's been used.
I really did not like this item and am not content that it is non-returnable. It is much too small to brush hair and the quality of the handle feels very poor/cheap. I really wish I could return it.
Terrible product - over priced and pen dried out after 3 uses and unable to use.
I had much better luck with my Remington. It is horrible, pulls my hair..
This thing is tiny. I guess you could cram stuff in it, but it is so much smaller than the one that I purchased on Groupon. Will be returning.
Never received product
If you like the smell of mustard that has been left-out at the company pic-nic, than this product is what you have been looking for. So far, no response from my request to send this junk back.
Mailed to me in bubble envelope. Inner box open and pump broken -only option is to return/exchange. I tried to fix the pump to no avail-hence the oil in the pump tube- which only wasted product and made a mess. Defeats the convenience of prime purchasing. I think I got this vendor's damaged goods. Have never had this issue with other sellers of same product.
It didn't charge at all. I returned it. Now I'm wondering if the reviews were legit. It never turned on.
when it arrived half of it was filled out but I don't think I ever received any credit for it despite my calling and reporting me incident. Shame on them has on Amazon!!
The box arrived spilled. I can't returned because I need today urgently but I am not happy with this purchase.
These didn't work at all for me. I'll stick with the Nutrisystem.
This leaves you with flakes and super dry. It doesn't work for any of my family.
Such a horrible product, super heavy, looks fake its hideous, not even worth a star a huge waste of money, please dont buy, I regret this purchase, so disappointing
When a product label has the American Flag and the text "U.S.A." it's safe to assume the product has been made in the U.S.A. This is FALSE for this product. The item I received, although the same product as advertised, has different packaging, a label that said "Design for U.S.A." and a sticker on the back stating "MADE IN CHINA". Returning and finding a tongue scraper MADE IN U.S.A. (eagle screeches)
Although the product was of fine quality for the price, it arrived on January 23, 2019. It had been ordered on October 28, 2018. Hmmmmm......................
This is almost disposable. A whole lotta plastic goin on here. Definitely not for professional use! (not that you'd expect it to be for $100 or so) But the head rest...forget it. Wont hold up to the weight. Flops downward as soon as a person lays on it. Mechanism that "locks" it in is utter junk. Two little plastic bits that never get tight enough to hold. So your client's head will just sort of flop down when it gives way. Table itself is sturdy but nothing locks the legs into place so I was a bit wary of that. Held in position by body weight. Comfort level is fine. Pleather is thin and will tear easily if something scrapes or pokes it. Panel with logo on it (at head and foot of table) super flimsy. You could easily knock it with your knee and break it when working at the head and neck (while your trying to stop your client's head from flopping down) Not sure who this would really work for since the head rest is such an issue. :/
Citrus Grapefruit did not have the scent of citrus or grapefruit.
The bottles are pretty, arrived unbroken, however, they both leak! I used them once, went on vacation and there was a slow drip out of the spray nozzle that dropped onto the squirt handle and then into my table. Doesn't function as a squirt bottle.
This “hair” is awful. It's so fine and fake feeling I couldn't even get it attached to my own hair without it completely coming apart. I recommend going to your local Sally Beauty Supply and paying a little more for a superior product because this is not worth your time.
So I bought this a few months back for the purpose of covering up some marks on my legs. I ordered the darkest shade they had and the first thing I noticed when I got the foundation is the color once applied was nothing close to the description on here. It was not transfer resistant and even though I wasn't going to be able to use it on my legs like I wanted to, I still wanted to see how well the coverage was so I tried to cover up a small tattoo on my wrist but I could still see it after multiple applications. I literally just threw it in a drawer and took my L. Not worth it.
My request never arrived l will make a report in all media can not cheat people adi
Followed the directions and nothing happened. Seller won't refund.
SUCKS!!!! Would give ZERO stars if it was an option! Although, PERFECT if you're only looking to pull out ONE hair 😂
This was the second time I have purchased a foot peel, with drastically less effective results than the first. While I did have some peeling, it was minimal and only seemed to work on the thinner skinned places on my feet. So, the calluses and places you most want to shed are basically unfazed. I recommend springing for a higher end version of this product and avoiding this purchase.
Don't buy this it's a piece of shit. It hasn't even been a year yet and it stopped working.
Absolutely hate it. Leaves residue in my hair every time no matter how little I use.
The magnets got stuck together and wouldn't come back apart so they ripped my eyelashes out! Very upset!
Product came broken :)
Leaves a film, very disappointed. Wouldn't recommend this product
I never received the order because the seller couldn't find my address. I received a refound almost 2 months after.
I have the flawless face , it works perfectly. I got this from a 3rd party seller and it does not work. I have replaced the heads and it still does not work. I have contacted the.company 3 times to no avail. They have not answered. My next email is to amazon to ask them why they would promote this seller's products.
Does not fit properly looks funny
Lotion does not work at all. Wipes are regular simple wipes, the packet dispenser arrived ripped (detached). Great name brand, great marketing, products need improvement.
I ordered this perfume back in February and still to this day I haven't received it. Seller messaged me like they sent out a replacement, but guess what? Didn't receive that one either. My advice from experience, don't buy from this seller. They only take your money.
Not a fan of this brand. Expensive and popped off after 3 days.
Beware when buying this item. This are obviously recycled Braun cartridges. The unit come with taped openings and not the original plastic covers. So, when you use them you have no way to seal the cartridges for disposal!
They were super cheap and not sharp! Not a great value if you're looking for quality
Absolutely positively disgusting.
UGH!! Very disappointed, especially with it being an Olay product - they always have such great stuff otherwise...Don't buy it.
Unfortunately this did absolutely nothing. It smells ok but when I used it there was no moisturizing whatsoever. It was like I didn't condition at all and my hair felt dry after, not soft. Will not be buying again.
It broke after 3 months. Not worth the money.
do not buy....gave it one star because i had to
I have purchased this product within the last 6mo directly from Clinique and this product has a very different color and viscosity (thickness). It's not the same product I bought from Clinique. I'm skeptical at what and why it's different so throwing it in the trash and losing $$ but I'm not gonna put this on my face/beer my eyes since I have no idea what it is. Be aware and very cautious when you order cosmetics on line. Glad I had previously purchased direct as now I know before I put something potentially fake and harmful on my face.
Poorly put together product. Does not look like picture
I ordered the wrong item. I needed refills. In requesting to return I was told to download the shipping label and instructions. It would cost more to pay postage to send back than the cost of the order. This is my first and last time placing an order.
Not enough sizes to fit me and the center of the nail came out SUPER thick all the way to the tip of the nail.
1st order: I Love love love product dark circles diminished while eye patch hydrates & cools. BUT 2nd & 3rd order packaging slightly off from 1st order AND hell pads would not adhere to skin. Very Disappointed.
Extremely dried out, couldn't even get it to go on my eye.
The way the blade is positioned makes it impossible to get a close shave. Plus the twist off, three piece unit is clumsy and annoying.
Save your money! I have used this for several weeks. No change. You would do better using coconut oil!
Comes off easily from the middle of the lips. The edges is impossible to get off without makeup remover so you just have to keep reapplying so you don't have weird outlined lips. I hate it
This gel used to work. But the supplier seemed to change the formulation which caused the gel to work the opposite. It causes so much itching and turns the underarms dark. I wish they didn't change the product because it used to work so well to whiten the underarms.
It doesn't work! It sucks!!
This is not the real thing!
Literally came off the same day I put them on
These included shortness of breath, severe nasal congestion, tremors after just one pill!
Returning. Looks nothing like the image shown. Looks horrible!
So disappointed in this product!!!! Wish I could give it - ⭐️ This is a clear lesson in you get what you pay for. I will only purchase from the mall from now on. The smell doesn't even last an hour. Unfortunately it can not be returned. Wasted $$$$
prongs too short for my hair
When I received my product it was broken. Very disappointed
The strap broke first month I purchased. The zipper inside broke as well. I am a 15 year make up artist and I have never bought a case that was this easily broken. Very cheaply made and I never got a response for a refund or return.
The product arrived without paint! It was not pink but just the plastic cast so it was never finished. It does the job but very disappointed in the quality
This item is NOT authentic. Fake . Do not purchase.
Scent is very strong. It gave me a headache because I am extremely sensitive to scented products.
I NVR got it !! I ordered it the end of march and still haven't received it 😠😠😠
Was only able to use twice.
Broke all apart do not buy
This doesn't work at all. The rubber bit won't stay put so it won't curl AND you end up pinching your lids.
Bought as beard brush. Terrible product. I'm returning it asap. Cheaply made and doesn't really do anything.
I would give NO stars if I could... Listed as a pack of 3 & I only received one can I emailed customer service because this item is “not eligible for return”
I've been wearing this cologne for years, this is the first time I ordered it online. I received a call before it was shipped saying it did not have its original box, but that it was brand new. I accepted that, but when I open the package the color was all wrong, way to dark. I sprayed some on and my husband asked what I was wearing it had a sickly smell. This is my first negative experience with Amazon....don't think I'll be buying anymore cologne from this guy.
My hair didnt obtain the color
Over sized, and poor quality. I really cannot believe how subpar Amazon shopping is becoming.
I did not receive this product! I was shipped ORGANIC BABY TEETHERS & there is a NO REFUND POLICY! Do Not Buy!
I wish I could tell you something, but my package just came and it was completely empty. They mailed me a completely.empty.package. I paid for it. I want a refund or my brush. Overnighted. Now.
DO NOT PURCHASE. does not fit. Tried to return but got message that they were not returnable. Total scam!
I thought this would be a metallic gold but it goes on extremely sheer - I don't go to the trouble of putting on eyeliner for something this subtle. It also stays sort of sticky.
Cute but didn't do the job.
Capes are not water prof chemical prof and literally really not made for a salon environment
My hairdresser uses and recommends so I ordered a tube. It has a strong aroma so I am unable to use it.
This product looks like something you would get from party city, it was a waste of money. It looked nothing like the picture.
1. The product does NOT have a label. It's not sealed either. 2. It WILL sting your eyes no matter what 3. It does not dissolve the glue in 10s like it suggested on product description. You have to use qtip to keep robbing the glue off your eyelashes, which WILL get the liquid into your eyes!
This stuff smells horrible. I had to throw it away.
It hurt my gums, had to get rid of it.
really the wig is what you would expect for a 10.00 Walmart Halloween wig good for a kid. i bought to sew in a unicorn horn for Halloween and it was so thin
It did nothing for me except Make a mess rinsing it out finally After three weeks I threw it out
I tried diluting this dye to add a silver tinge to my already white hair. After 30 minutes it had only tinted my tips. I reapplied it and now my hair is mostly purple. Luckily this was all a trial run, but otherwise I would not repurchase this for any reason. EDIT: I retried this for an objective 2nd chance. It did roughly the same. I bleached the CRAP out of my hair, and it still had a very hard time grabbing in certain areas, then dyed my tips wild colors. I found the best way to work with this dye is quickly dye to achieve silver-blue-purple then shampoo a couple times with a cocktail of dandruff shampoo and vitamin c (crushed white tablets). It will nuke it back to a tolerable color for a few weeks before finally fading.
Product delivered is not the same as pictured on website. I have purchased these candles for over 20 years and was very disappointed in the quality of the product.
I only received ONE bottle. I was suppose to have 2 bottles in my 2 pack. I am very disappointed
I never received the item. They should offer negative 5 stars as an option.
I was so excited to get this product and was thankful it came fast. But, when I opened it up the pads themselves have a yellow stain, then I noticed the edge of the container as well as the "safety seal" was covered in filth. I will let you know if the seller replaces this expensive item!
It didn't work for me,maybe for relaxed hair.
Was supposed to be buy one get one free. Was not
The hair sheds a lot
The blade is very dull and thin. It's not sturdy enough to remove all the excess skin from my foot.
All it did was make my hair purple so I tried the blue and omg what a mess
The description clearly states made in USA, but I received my bottles and right on the front it says made in China. Don't trust this product!
DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT FROM THIS SELLER!!!!!!!! Only reason I gave one star is because I can't give zero.. because I never got the product from the seller, and they won't return any of my emails or money.
I revive other fragrance. One that I hate. As I don't live at the states and shipping to Brazil is expensive, I couldn't returned because it arrive the same day my departure fly. I learn that sellers aren't trustful and can't left the shipping day for last moment.
I always purchase this perfume thru this seller but unfortunatly this time the perfume doesn't smell is like water very disappointed.
This is the wrong description. I order this and recieved conditioner. When I asked for the correct item be sent to me, conditioner was sent AGAIN instead of shampoo.
I paid $35 for this. This is not even 1/4 of the product shown in the picture.
I purchased 16 of these as a gift for my daughter's competition cheer team. Several of them will not charge or light up. I have still received now comment from the company.
Did not work and could not return product for a refund. Buyer Beware.
Never received anything
The hair was in expensive , so my expectations weren't high. I have purchased hair from other vendors, in the same price range , and had more satisfaction. The hair dries out , tangle and doesn't hold curls well. The hair is human , but not the best. When I curl the hair and use flexi rods it , the tangles begin.
I RETURNED IT AND NEVER RECEIVED A CREDIT . WHAT A RIPOFF!
I have loved this shampoo for years, but for some reason, the bottle I bought from Amazon turned gunky with about 1/3 left in the bottle. Like weird, thick slime that doesn't lather or work any more. Sounds like other users are having the same problem so it's either a bad batch or this item is not legit.
This product doesn't work. I used it on moderately bleached hair and it turned my roots green and the rest of it grey. It is way too watery and shouldn't be used.
Did not hold curls and look like a wig.
I don't typically write reviews but I was so unhappy I thought I would help other buyers. The mascara had more of a glue consistency and it made my lashes fall out when taking my makeup off. I've been wearing mascara for 20+ years now and this is the first time my lashes fell out. Also I'm unable to return so that's a double negative.
I have been using Aramis for many years and this does not smell the same to me or my wife. She has banned me from using it. Very Disappointing.
DO NOT BUY!! Completley empty apon arival and still fighting for a refund.
leaked out of one bottle!!!
Order was for UNSCENTED. Received scented!
The on off button is located where you hold the teeth cleaner to use and therefore there is many times when the device turns off or worse turns on when the pic is not in your mouth. After drying the walls and mirrow a few times I was only able to use in the shower. Only having two power modes was also a problem with the high power too much and the low power not enouth
Never got the product, failed to deliver, even after knowing full well that it's not my responsibility you can't get delivery into an apartment complex. You need to know how to get products to the mailbox, it's the one job you have.
This has been my favorite eyeliner for years. Product arrived promptly. When I started using it the first time, the liner broke consistently until there was none left. Would expect a refund.
When I opened product to try it, I first noticed plastic packages were torn open on both mouth guards then when I opened blue holder, THERE WERE TEETH MARKS ON MOUTHGUARDS. GROSS! THIS ITEM IS USED!
The lid and bottom part stuck together after I used it a couple of times, so it made it VERY hard to open and add oil and water.
I did not order "the original" photo finish primer. The product I received is a different consistency than that of the product I ordered (I still have some of the old product here.) The product I received is not the one pictured on my order.
Bottles appear to fill ok, but all began leaking within a couple days after being filled once. Very disappointed!!!
This item was never shipped to me.
This product was supposed to be different than the single item I purchased however it's exactly the same and it's more expensive per ounce.
The hair suck not human hair never buy again people save your money it was a waste to buy one put on it puff out in bavk looks ugly not natural so disappointed
This was a fake tanner, it was damaged. I returned it but the seller has charged me again. I do not recommend this seller.
NOT at all as described. CHEAP, smells horrible. Returned to Amazon.
I understand that different people have different skin types, but when my daughter had an allergic reaction to this product, I reached out to the company in an effort to inform them and return the product. Not only did they deny my claim, they never even reached out to me to discuss the issue. They obviously do not care as long as they made the sale. Extremely poor customer service. I would never buy another thing from this company!
Worked great for about 1 week and then stopped working. I'll never buy this product again. I will stick with genuine products that are built to last.
This is a counterfeit product. I have used axe for a very long time and this is bothing like it. Overcharged can with zero smell. Sprays like an extinguisher. DO NOT BUY.
After using a week the bottom of the bottle popped open pouring all the contents out. Very disappointed in the packaging.
didnt like the qaulity of the hair and it did shed! the smell wasnt that bad b ut i didnt like the hair
Who is writing these good reviews?? Must be the manufacturer because it is simply glue - when you pull off strips your face is covered in glue.
Diluted original, scent almost completely absent. Don't waste your money.
Why they didn't leave my package in front of my door??? I didn't resive my order!!!! I need my money back
Not very useful. I should have heeded the negative reviews.
Saudi I received it yesterday did not receive at sll
Didn't even receive the right one.
Color is different than picture.
I can't really hate because I never received any Lemon Oil. I ordered Lemon Oil, and they sent me box labelled Lemon Oil, but the box contained a bottle labelled Peppermint Oil!! They sent me a replacement, but guess what, the replacement was a box labelled Lemon Oil, but the box contained a bottle labelled Peppermint Oil!! Obviously, they have a lot of Peppermint Oil they are trying to get rid of!! Now I have to go to the trouble of sending their bogus Lemon Oil back in order to get a refund!! Beware of this vendor!!
BUYER BEWARE - COUNTERFEIT PRODUCT!! I am a long time Deva Curl user and promoter. I have now sent back two bottles of one conditioner and one bottle of light defining gel as the products did not smell, feel, or produce the same results as Deva Curl normally does. Therefore, this leads me to believe that these are counterfeit products being sold on Amazon. I will no longer purchase from Amazon but instead purchase from my salon or nearby Ulta. A real bummer!!
This perfume is water down!! Please be aware, save your money and go to Macy's!! As you can see the attachment. I bought this perfume a year ago, you don't need much! I love viktor and Rolf. This is my first and last time buying perfume from amazon ! Macy's all the way!! I will be returning this water down so call perfume!! Please see attachment as you can see how clear is the one from amazon!!! I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!!!
Pretty crummy. They are trying to duplicate other snake venom products
I thought I was buying cigars
this thing is garbage - don't waste your time and money - it came apart while unboxing new the first time and I'm pretty sure the hair trimmer attachment is fake, it doesn't cut hair at all - returned for a refund
I never received my product
How in the world do these work? There was absolutely no instructions. They magnetize to the tweezers but that doesn't help them go on my eyelids! I'll gladly change my review if I can find out how they work!
Never received my order!!! Contacted the seller and still no updates!! Debited my account though.
EXTREMELY Upset. Just received pkg. Sent in envelope. Upon opening the product had leaked. Envelope is damp & plastic cover product( after shave) is wet and filled with product. One quarter of bottle empty. Also no pump as shown.
Ordered this on May 7. It is now the 16th. Still have not received it. I will not be re purchasing I don't care how good it is.
This ad is VERY misleading. I knew the product I was getting and didn't need to "read all about it" only to receive one. So much for a good deal. Returning
These are pretty bad brushes. You can have the best eyeshadow and the best primer and yet the colors are not going to pop in your lids if you use these brushes.
Wrong product sent. Received corner covers...
Purchased this item in July 2017 November 2017 it just stopped working.
This is just ink water Total fake product. I don't believe this is actually Lancome product.
You get what you pay for this is cheap, thin and doesn't stick.
the mic is not working after i used it for a week
This product did not perform at all. I've used other reduction eye creams and this was my least favorite. I am returning it today.
The description is wrong. If you get the one without the cleaning stand it comes with a case, a charging cord, and a beard trimmer. If you have an old one note this does not have a stand only a cord. Also it does have a popup trimmer for trimming sideburns only a beard trimmer.
it was bone dry! Unable to use
This is not good, it shuts off when I am doing my hair and it seems to have to cool down?
I think I bought the wrong product because it does not work well. I need antiperspirant and this deodorant does not do the job or last for more than 4 hours at best.
Had the hair in for about a week the curl pattern will not come back shedding alot and very dry when I first got it it was nice but now that I have had it ITA horrible I know how to do hair I'm a hair stylist so it's not my maintained that's not right it's the hair
This hair brush sucks .
These don't really get the job done for quality makeup removal. I find myself having to scrub my eyes raw to get my eye makeup off. Wouldn't buy again
Hair was crispy and smelled. Where do y'all store this hair. Maybe if I tried the longer length it will be better.
Does not fit to face
Significant hair loss while using this. Making hair softer, though. I can't use it.
This is just like adding another layer of hard plastic to your tub! There is no point to it. Returned!
Did not hold together well at all, and had a bad smell.
These are terrible. I've bought a lot of make up removal wipes on Amazon and this is by far the worst product. I've used multiple wipes for each eye, every night. I don't wear much make up, but my nightly routine is longer now because of these. Almay is supposed to be a great brand. They seriously missed the mark here. I won't buy this again.
I've used 4-6 different kinds of hard wax, this is by far the worst. It smells AWFUL, like burning PLASTIC and it feels that way too. It dries up so so so so fast and it cracks. Don't buy, waste of money I threw mine away. At best maybe you can mix it with other beads.
Came with a broken lid leading to partially dried out product.
Fell apart on first use. Found one at WalMart for 1/3rd the price. Still using the WalMart product.
These are painful and the magnets very noticeable. I was very disappointed and have worn them.
This product seemed to make my itching scalp worse, will continue to seek out a shampoo that helps!
Seriously with this sticker?! Total pain and totally unnecessary.
These are TERRIBLE. I was under the impression they would cover your whole eye like in the pictures they advertise. Nope...they only cover half and i would be embarrassed to be seen in them in public.
nothing good about these. they breakdown easily.
The plates do not touch except at the far end. Fine hair just passes through.
I would give this product zero stars if I could. When I opened the mailing package, the actual product box was already opened inside. There is no safety seal on the bottle so who knows what I actually received in this bottle.
Well considering it's not my hair color and I'm not allowed to return it..... dislike.
The seller sent me a completely different product. It isn't what it says in the description.
Did not fit properly on my sonicare
This product is less than a year old and the water floss device is leaking.
I was not happy I want my money back
Smells really bad, like lunch shift at a strip club bad. Really, really awful smell.
One of the bottles was broken and completely leaked out in the bag and box so I paid for 3 bottles but could only use 2.
WOULD NOT recommend this item. I have an average sized tub and even with using two bath bombs, the colors are not vibrant and neither is the scent. These bombs are very small, about golf ball size.
Very soft but very very thin
Brush head cracked after one use. (see picture)
These are small not medium. Not as described do not order from here.
I really do not know how this product works
Received expired last year
Received the lipstick as I was putting it on it cracked in half, do not know why
I cant really like this conditioner when you guys sent me two bottles of the shampoo instead of the shampoo and conditioner!!!
Wrong shade was sent - I am rating this badly because you have sent me the wrong shade. I ordered Light and you have sent me Fair. It's a pink/white shade so I can't even make use of it and have given it to a friend. Now I am without foundation to wear for work until I place another order and wait for it to arrive.
Stinks and is very oily. Returned immediately.
Worst fiber mascara product I've tried. Fibers flake and don't stick. Does NOT extend lash length. Very disappointed. Would NOT buy again and would never recommend! Ended up in the trash. I never leave reviews, but this was so bad I don't have a choice!
These brushes are too small to truly do any work and the toothpaste is minimal. Very disappointed!
Hard to wash off and leaves a thick film on my lips instead of exfoliating and leaving my lips feel soft.
I just received yesterday and a bit disappointed in the texture, which feels thin and chalky. This is not a cream you can massage in as there's absolutely no emollient factors to it! Lastly, leaves a white overcast on your skin, so if you are brown complexion, it looks like you haven't lotioned for days. Even when you put another lotion on top! Definitely won't be purchasing this anymore!!!:(
This stuff was open it spilled all over my couch and hand. I was able to use it. Won't be ordering again
the floss falls apart during flossing, and its material gets stuck in between teeth. had to use other floss just to get this stuff out, gross.
Watered down. Wrong consistency. Horrible don't buy.
Package came without the lip mask
Poor quality- color is prettier IN the bottle than on. Chips easily- chipping began 1-day post dry
I have no idea what was sent to me this is not what I ordered. This was supposed to be part of a Christmas gift but it looks like I regifted something I had already. Now what am I supposed to do?
This product does not work. Stick to the over-the-counter products made by well known manufacturers, which can be found pretty much everywhere that also sells cosmetics. This device is a joke.
THEY DONOT STICK TO YOUR SHOE AT ALL. DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I bought these to use while traveling so as not to have to bother with liquids and was very hopeful based on other reviews. Unfortunately, my experience was exactly like the rest of the 1 star reviews. My hair was disgusting after using this product, just coated, hard, ugly! I had to wash it twice with my usual shampoo just to get it back to normal.
The bottle was broken and lotion was spilled all in the package. I don't understand why it wasn't in a box with bubble wrap! Please send the new one I just ordered in better packaging inside a box with bubble wrap so the samething doesn't happen!
2 bad. Razor blade is rusty. Is this a qualified product? I do not understand the role of this product
I bought these because of the amazing reviews. So I decided to write this review to let people know the truth. It is too good to be true! These magnetic lashes are terrible. 1) The width is too long for my eye (and I should imagine any eye). One would need to cut them in order to make them fit but it's impossible to cut them to size without having to cut the magnet - since the magnets are on the very ends. 2) They do not mold to the base of your eye lashes they lie straight. They cannot stay to the base of your lashes without glue. These are so bad I have to question the authenticity of these reviews.
I received my shipment in leaking bag and empty bottle. No returns are allowed apparently, huge waste of time and money!
This like a lot of other things just isn't the same. It didn't work for me. I give my honest opinions if you want me to review...Sorry
2 bottles were open and poured out. Basically paid $13 for 1 bottle.
Never got it, don't waste money on ordering it
The small bottle felt light & I opened the cap to look inside and there's only approximately 1/4 of the hair potion in the bottle. I bought "new".
These smelled AWFUL and felt cheap. I tried washing by hand and in the dishwasher. I wouldn't put it near my toothbrush.
This products sucks made me bleed and leaves it very patchy and super irritated. Would not recommend this! It does leave your skin soft though and the irritation is gone by the next day but definitely not worth the pain
Definitely a fake product. I've used this powder for years and it smells like baby powder and is terrible coverage. Bummed.
The product was never received.
The color is not as it appears! Much darker.
It's a solid brick and nothing rubs off onto your skin, no matter how hard you try to scrub. Threw it away.
I honestly think this is a fake Laneige product listed on Amazon. I have suspected it for a while as the packaging was a bit off. But I confirmed it today when I went into Sephora and tried the real essence, and it has a completely different smell and feeling than this one!
Bumped up clients neck. Hard to manage. Easy to cut someone head using these. I tossed it away!
They came unwrapped and dirty. Would you pat them on your face? Very disappointed.
I NEVER received this item. I was charged a first time for this and the package got lost. Weeks later they re-shipped this and charged me again and yet again I didn't receive it. My order was placed on January 30th and till this day I am charged twice and have no package..... -_-*
It didn't pull anything. I threw it away. It was pretty lousy
I love the product but sadly mine was damage beyond repair. Will buy elsewhere in the future.
Product was expired prior to even ordering it
most horrible product i ever used my son broke out in hives so did my daughter with in matter of hours of after i applied on there skin please don't order
I would return if I could but it's too late. It's horrible and wasted my money.
Wish I can give it a zero!! It came dirty with stains on it!!
I really wanted to like this one but my hair looked fried at the first use.
I ordered and paid 2 of the Ferragamo Black, but when the order arrived, I only received one and the other one was missing!!
Either my eyes lids are big or these lashes weren't long enough. They covered roughly half of my lids.
I usually buy my products when I start to use the last one I have in my cabinet. I just started to use this but the return period has expired - faulty pump - cant use the product. last time I ever buy something before I need it.
The head comes off after a while and won't attach to the base anymore. Had to throw it away. I doubt this is a genuine product from Philips. Amazon is selling knockoff product now.
This is cologne not cigars
horrible didnt get any pores
1st time buying this moisturizer. Would not buy again. Watery consistency, not very nourishing for my skin. Better choices out there for a lot less. Don't waste yr money
This is not what I ordered!! Completely different item. I ordered makeup remover wipes and got some sort of electronic adapter!!
Light never worked. Broke after the 3rd use. Ordered a different pair.
Did not receive this order.
I received my box and not only was it damaged and open, the moisturizer was no where to be found and replaced with a second daily repair treatment.
It came and was absolutely smashed to bits. I had to spend it back :(
Because I like this product I ordered it. But product was delivered to wrong house again. This has happened several times before. Don't know who to blame! Luckily I have honest neighbors to bring them to my house. House numbers clearly marked on mailbox and by front door. ??????????
It poured out like it'd been watered down!
Toothbrush no longer charged.
So item arrive two months after I ordered, additionally they send me a different product. When I contact them they took more than a week to reply to my message. On top of that they said they were going to refund the money if I gave them a good review. Well Can't give a good review when the service has been awful. My next step will contact amazon. Awful service
Hair was delivered on time but it's seems very short and it came with No Closure seller please contact me and hair has funny smell and Wendy's are not constructed well
I never received it and the tracking said it was delivered to someone at my house but no one was home all day. I lost my money and have no one to contact or ask for help. Don't purchase from this seller
Upon opening the tube of eye cream, I tried squeezing from the bottom but nothing came out. I kept going up the tube until close to the top. That was when cream appeared. Therefore, most of the tube is empty! And, the cream does nothing.
The picture of what I ordered is not what I received. Much lighter. I don't like it but not worth returning.
This is the worst product ever. It was full of mold when I received it. When I called to inform Amazon they promised expedited shipping but when it came down to it, I lost customers because they couldn't do what they promised. All they did was continually apologize, all the way up to supervisors, and offered 5.00 as compensation for not being able to keep their promise while I was stuck with moldy shea butter and no way to fill my customers orders. Worst product and service
I bought the wrong color so I ordered the red ones instead and returning these ones and they are charging me almost $7 to return them? Rip off. Won't recommend. .
I was so excited to get what I thought would be a better alternative to shaving with a razor. The Bald Eagle did a good job, but was no more efficient or faster than a regular razor. It took me just as long or longer to use this item. I wondered if the blades were sharp. It was that bad. So I decided to shave with a razor and use the Bald Eagle as a maintenance tool. Then it stopped working altogether. The motor turns, but wont turn the blades. Still looking for that alternative. R
This is the second time I have attempted to order this eyeliner. The first time, the expected shipping date kept moving back u til it had been several weeks since I ordered the item. So I cancelled that order. This time I ordered two of them and this is what was delivered... two pairs of cheap sunglasses. Just went to try and return them and of course, returns are not allowed. How the hell do you mess up this badly?
Poor quality!! Do not buy waste of money...
This did not work out for French braiding my daughter's hair unfortunately. It ended up being easier for me to braid without this tool
Everything doesn't look like the pics
If you are looking for a firm scrub brush, this IS NOT FOR YOU
I do not have a big enough face for this
Like the title says. ive been using these brushes for years and love them, minus the sound. I bought two recently and had to buy the second one cause my brush is a dark blue and my husband is a light blue, and he keeps using my brush lol. So i bought the second one, happy it wasnt blue, and i noticed the batteries were dying out fast and more water was getting into the battery compartment. One day it stopped working completely. drained the compartment, air dryed it all day and gave it a good wipe down before putting in new batteries, no joy. it stopped working. had it about two weeks, bought it from amazon and not any other sellers. its now trash, thanks!
All the cables quit working after a few weeks.
I was so excited to get this product and was very disappointed when I opened the box to find the seal completely removed from the product! I will be returning and asking for a refund and won't be shopping from this seller again
Waste of money you do not get 36 tubes.
tried this dip set out and was very disappointed. I opened up the base coat and the brush was disconnected from the handle, so off the bat this product came to me broken. I then had to use the base coat without the black handle and got the product all over my hands which felt like super glue. I tried the light natural pink and nothing showed up, so I tried mixing with the white and the white was very cloudy and uneven. I do not recommend this product.
I received this product with the top broken. I don't know if that happened in the possession of the shipper or the vendor. However, because it was broken (and Shea Butter turns to liquid at high temperatures), when I received it there was more Shea Butter in the bag than in the container. Going forward, I will only buy from a local store to avoid this happening again.
I think these are a waste of money:(
Did not work with my flawless although other generic heads do. I'm stumped.
I've been using this for the past 4 months. Absolutely nothing special! I say save your money and buy a cheaper brand. The granules are finer but I didn't feel/see an difference. It smells pretty but that's about it!
These blades were not shaving as well as the originals. Very bad experience. First one stat rating in my life.
It sucks.!! mines was dried out no ink came out. it was not worth it.... maybe you'll have better luck. I will never again purchase anything from this supplier again.
Too thick didnt dry well
As soon as I plugged this in on a customer it started turning on and off, making noise. Sounded like the cord was loose on the inside. Besides that the trimmer is very bulky, doesn't turn like easily and the cord is very hard and stiff unlike the original. The only good thing about it is the blade is probably the best I have ever used on a trimmer so I took it off and put it on my original version Andis. Oh well so I spent over $70 for a blade, the rest of it is useless. To bad cause it does look great but that's about it.
Apparently I'm allergic to this soap. My face broke out and I started itching on multiple parts of my body.
Twisting mechanism does not work. Nothing is coming out onto the brush.
Used the whole bottle as directed. No results. Cont' hair loss
I previously owned an Epilady Trio for many years before it finally died, so I expected a good quality product when I ordered this Epilady. This is a cheap, poorly made item. After only a few uses, it runs slowly or stops during use, and is not very effective.
I didn't like it at all. Stiff and hard to use.
To dark for the shade I ordered
This is a travel size being sold as a full size
I put it on a washcloth and washed entire body. Unfortunately, it caused vaginal irritation and stinging for me and is a big no-no and a no go. If you have sensitive skin or get urinary tract infections I would stay away from this body wash and perhaps all of their shower gels. I will not purchase any of them again. Lots of great washes on the market that smell nice and do not irritate or sting.
I bought it for my girlfriend as she wanted one really bad. This wig came in a different length, it looks more like a long bob. The quality of the wig is poor because the hair keeps constantly falling off of wig and hair keeps getting tangled. Also whenever she moves the hair covers her face so there is a constant need to make sure you either walk with your head really tall or fix your hair every couple minutes. If you move your hair and one can see your ear you can totally tell it's a wig and it's done especially poor in the areas of ears. On the front of the head the wig is also done poorly because I CAN SEE THE PAD on the seam line.
I ordered and paid for two but only received one in the mail.
STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT! IT WILL MAKE YOU LOOSE YOUR HAIR. IT DOES GIVE YOU VOLUME BUT PLUCKS YOUR HAIR FROM IT'S ROOTS.
Said it was pain free it was not
Sucks...keeps breaking off... the loreal one is way better
I have a few Wusthof knives and love them. However, these are not good knives. They are not sharp and feel very cheap in your hand. I feel like they are some sort of knock off. I would like to return them, but I threw away the original packaging before I actually used them. Bad mistake and will never do that again. A waste of money.
I loved the color so I decided to order it. The package was delayed way beyond expected delivery date and when I finally received the package it was ripped and there was no product inside. Upon contacting amazon I was asked to order the product again and I did. After waiting for weeks, the product that should have been delivered by march 12th is still not here. Upon contacting amazon again i was told that they can give me a refund but cannot expedite the delivery as that is in control of the seller and I will have to reorder the product. Not sure what is up with the seller or the delivery service they use so will not be ordering it the third time.
Returned. Poor quality
Very disappointed. I ordered these not only for the wonderful scent (Winter Candy Apple) BUT specially for the bottle. The description said it was the Polar-bear and penguin design. This is what I wanted. I already have the holiday tree design. So again, VERY disappointed with this order.
I always use L'Oreal but usually the one to Hydrate my skin. I clicked this one by mistake. I had to be very careful around my eyes. It would sting and burn until after lunch if it got in my eyes.
You know they must be bad when someone writes a one-star review of floss. The floss tears apart after half of my mouth has been flossed. I've been pushing to floss daily, but these make it difficult when I have to jam my hand into my mouth and push straight down. You get what you pay for. Loosen the purse strings and go for the floss that's slightly more expensive. This product isn't worth it.
Extremely unhappy with these Andis master. I received them used!!!
Fyi, Item not as pictured nor described. The item shipped is not and I repeat a refill. Meaning it does not fit the metal flask. However it is the rubber flask containing the cologne. Learn from my mistake. Purchased 2 units with the intent to refill my metal flasks. Instead I have no refill and I cut the rubber flask thinking I could simply remove the cartridge and insert into the metal flask. They are not interchangeable.
I never even got my eyelashes. USPS said it was delivered to my mailbox and I was so excited to get these but when i went to the mailbox there was nothing there. I don't even know how to contact the seller and get a refund. So annoying.
It's a super bad product. It's just a back powder, nothing else. didn't do anything after trying several times. Just a money wasted product. Totally a fake item.
Looks nice at first but falls apart after 4 uses. Horrible quality
Did not leave product at our door. Wrong door shown in Ring Photo
This product came to me with fingerprints all over the glass and it is all scratched out this is brand new out of the box just received it today. Extremely dissapointing.
Can not use without a brush attachment as shown in add.
This battery overheated my phone and ruined it.
DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS USELESS PRODUCT!!!
Love the mascara. Hate the fact that I didn't get what I ordered and paid for. Ordered, and paid for THREE, received ONE!
The color was too orange peachy, and the texture is very dry.. not to mention the clear plastic that is in the center of the lid popped out as soon as I opened the product so I can't even close it. You get what you pay for
The package arrived empty I have nothing to return
I have bought this before and it was wonderful. But the product I received this time in the mail was bad. I think that air was leaked into the product so most of the glue got hardened especially on the brush. Taking off the harden glue made the brush even more frayed. The liquid that manages to come out is clear instead of white then dried clear. I had the product before and when it is mostly clear liquid it is when it was older. It is truly a bummer that this happened. :(
Brush isn't soft as I was hoping. I gave it to my grand-daughter
Not happy with tangled hair
The clamps stopped working after two refill razors. They are plastic so once they stop working you can't do anything about. They would not hold the refill.
This is ridiculous! I ordered my cologne a week ago and I still haven't received it. Today was supposed to be the date of arrival and it was never delivered. The excuse for no delivery was "It's on it's way but it's running late". I checked the new estimated arrival day and it's supposed to come a week from now. I will never buy anything else from this seller again. I am beyond upset, this is very unprofessional.
These didn't work for me.
Can't tell different after use. Product is not that expensive compared with other brands, however I think you get what you paid for. this product is not that effective like other brands.
I was super excited to get this dryer and get some great curls. Unfortunately, the hood was defective and wouldn't stay straight. It would just fall on my head. I had to return it. However, I must say that returning it and getting a refund was pretty fast and easy which I appreciate. No extra charge for re-shipping.
Nothing like the picture very thick just nothing like the picture
Didn't really like anything about this product. The wax is low quality. Followed directions, got the wax to the instructed viscosity, removed very, very little hair. All it did was tear my skin when I quickly pulled it. Tried a different area, same thing. No hair removal, all skin torn and bloody. Do not but this or waste your time with it.
This did come in a timely manner, however this is a terrible design. You cannot dip it into the monomer and it is almost impossible to cut the acrylic correctly without scraping your skin.
ITS FAKE !!! DONT BUY. ALSO THE PRODUCT WAS OPEN AND IT SPILLED ALL OVER THE SHIPPING BAG.
I used this twice , it didn't work as expected , I'm pissed off
They changed the status to shipped but never shipped the item and never returned my message. Luckily I'm protected by amazon as a buyer so I was able to get a full refund. Be aware of this buyer!!!!
very upset! it says it was delivered and i recieved the other item i ordered at the same time and the soap was not in the package even though its saying it was delivered
Does not work at all. Came and does not look like the picture. Fits my husband did not even try on any of my kids as where you would hook up the medicine cup is positioned very wrong.
not worth the money. did nothing for me.
Jam was more purple than red.
The seller is very nice and sent me an email to check on my satisfaction but the product sucks. It is the worse tongue scraper I have had. Too narrow. Too flimsy and flexible. The scraping head has an arched curve which makes the area of contact with the tongue even less. Does not do the job right at all.
I bought this based on a YouTube review and was so excited to try it! I was sadly disappointed at how it made my hair dry and crispy. Even when I only put it on my roots it must seep down the hair shaft. Not in love with this one bit!! I think there are much better products out there.
Fell off after two days. Has rainbow effect as well as a visible dot pattern. Worst glass protector I've bought on Amazon.
I didn't even want to give one star ! Says they left it in my mail box but found nothing! I never received the product !! Never buying from this seller again!
Both were dried out. Could barely get anything out of the pencils. Had to use an alternative.
I received this product last week, and could instantly smell it. I opened the bag and the bottle is completely empty and the cap was very loose. I can't find the proper outlet to get another bottle ASAP, so I had to leave a review. I will update this review when I receive a new bottle that is full.
I bought this particular product because of the amount it says in the pic, 18 +5 free. I received a package of 18. False advertisement! Love the razor!
This made my armpits smell horrible.
ALL THREE STOPPED SPRAYING WHEN CAN WAS STILL HALF EMPTY
This is not a review about the product but how it arrived. The box was open, on my doorstep. It had been thrown there and it opened up and some of the cream came out into the plastic and box.
Worst purchase on amazon in an entire year. 1. Both AA batteries are stuck inside of the battery compartment 2. The brush stops spinning at random times and I have to keep turning it on and off. Wouldn't recommend for anyone.
Same concern as a few others. Instead of a pack of 30, this is 3 packs of 10, and they're mostly dried out and musky smelling. Must be old stock that Cetaphil is trying to get rid of.
Received broken product... Horrible presentation..
Flimsy,leaves nail rough and ragged
Never received the item.
I haven't received this item either
Smell too strong! Gave me a headache!
Sending it back, the clamp does not hold the hair dryer and the handle slips right thru the Velcro. Shipping was great
Did not get the correct item. Instead got ginger root pills and there is no return available for this item.
It seems a good product. I want to buy a couple of extra nozzles but Panasonic referred mi to Encompass who has a good as nothing for this product. If you loose or brake a nozzle you can just throw away your purchase. Shame on Panasonic.
This product didn't work for me. I've tried it three times, following the directions closely. I have large pores, it should be a simple process to remove blackheads. A waste of time and money. Save yourself the trouble and buy something else.
Thank you shipper for throwing in this bottle with another item with no cap. It is supposed to be a gift that I now cannot give because it looks like it was half used. Thank you so much for wasting $5.99 of my hard earned money bastard.
Horrible don't buy hair is not human bought for my daughter to practice Cosmo skills on awful RUN
This product is horrible. Spent hours having them put in and toned and they immediately EVERY EXTENSION fell out. Would give 0 stars but it wouldn't allow it
I've been using this product for a while now and what I received doesn't seem to be authentic. It smells different and after using for a few weeks my hair is like straw. I feel like I received Pantene in a Kerastase bottle.
Got this to do a skeleton face paint for Halloween, but I had an allergic reaction to the white makeup. I don't have sensitive skin and wear make up every day. But with this my whole face burned like a bad sunburn after applying. Removed immediately but face still burned and was bright red for some time. Next day face started peeling. Not good!
No good it was damaged
Horrible quality. Almost 90% of all the lashes were not usable due to the fact that they come apart the second you take them off the tray. Will never buy again. Waste of money.
This is not that matte at all. It's more of a satin finish. The shine was only slightly dulled. Disappointed.
This CRAP smells like CRAP! After i bathed with it i thought it was joke soap cause the odor was so bad. DO NOT BUY THIS. It is an odor not a scent that it leaves you with. Sorry to say but not good.
Tracks are all showing and it's not even the right color so sad
This is what happened after I peeled it off! Horrible!! Give my money back!
All the gel polish came open. Unbelievable
Used 2x and the product is broken.
Bundle too small. Wouldnt recommended
Tracking states the item was delivered on yesterday, but I did not receive it.
Doesn't work!!! Don't buy!!!!
This wig looks like a dollar store Halloween wig
Go to the dollar store and get a kids paint brush it would literally be better than this JUNK! Bamboozled AGAIN!
Worked well until scrub brush head split in half after only 6 weeks. Because of other reviews, hubby used in the shower and would hang outside the shower to dry between uses. Still does not hold up to daily use.
Unfortunately this is not waterproof. I have bought this similar brand by many other vendors in the past. I'm not sure what happened to this one but it was very thick and clumpy, didn't separate my lashes at all and like I said is definitely not waterproof. I use jojoba oil on my lashes at night, they grow really long and thick, so I use waterproof mascara as it doesn't weigh them down. When I curl them they stay curled the entire day. As soon as I put this on my lashes went completely straight. Never had this happen with any of the previous waterproof ones.
Very light weight, very thin. Don't lol like your wearing lashes at all and that's totally pointless because the reason I buy the lashes is to make it look like I have lashes lol
This was awful. Dried my feet out so much. I would not recommend or buy again.
I'd like to meet the person who a. these fit and b. can get them on by their self. In MY opinion, these are not ready for the general public just yet.
This is not wat I received I received another bottle that was smaller in size than what was showed.
Sucks I can't return this. Tangles and sheds, idk how these girls on the photo reviews made it look good but in person it's rediculous
Smells feminine. I can't smell this much... No one will notice easily that you used a perfume!
Broke the first time I used it.
WHAT a NIGHTMARE!!!!! I have tried for an overall hour within two days on trying to get these on and to look good when they are on. NO SUCH LUCK. It was such a pain that the last time I tried, one of the lash fell somewhere and it was just like losing a contact, i never found it. they are too long and dont form to the lash line. they are straight and look ridiculous!
The vendor sent the wrong product.
I was sooo excited to try this because I had recently tried a bath and body works peel off mask and it was great, it Smelled great and was easy to peel off so after seeing the 5 star reviews for this product I couldn't wait to try. Holy Cow, I cant even explain how badly this hurt to peel it off. It was as if I was waxing my whole face and slowly ripping it off. It was extremely hard to peel, was pulling at my skin and VERY painful. I couldn't even finish peeling so I had to wash it off. It was even hard to wash off, I had to scrub it off with a wash cloth. I have no idea if I got a bad batch or what but it was so bad that I'm returning it. I'm so disappointed. By the way I don't have sensitive skin either..
Shampoo & Conditioner are fine. The issue is the bottle caps were not sealed and shampoo leaked all over the other orders that were aggregated into the same box for delivery by Amazon. Seal those caps!
It's something shady about these oils. They all have the same weird after smell as if they are cut with something. I have purchased many other essential oil brands and these do not measure up. I do like the travelling bag that they come in but I would not reorder these nor recommend them.
It took 2 months to deliver the product instead of being amazon prome customer.
Let me start off by saying I really, REALLY wanted to like this product. I love japanese skincare, you get a lot of product for your money, the bottle is adorable, and this had such great reviews. I was ecstatic to find this product and get all the bang for my buck! I received it, opened it and was immediately put off by the smell (smells like straight sake) but I'm not one to get hung up on scents (if it works, it works, regardless of smell). I used it for about a week and I will honestly say my skin felt awsome! Baby smooth and definitely looked more radiant. But after that first week was went it went downhill. Cystic acne started to pop up along my cheekbones. I brushed it off as a period bump (monthly was coming soon) but then I started to get more, on my chin and my forehead. I thought well..they say your skin gets worse before it gets better, so I continued using it. About 2 weeks later my face had completely erupted in cystic acne. I had lumps under my skin from more trying to make their way to the surface, and my face was sensitive to the touch because they were so painful! It took me about a month of using my tried and true products to correct what this product did to my face. I saw a lot of great reviews of this product and I was really hoping i would have the same experience with it (considering my skin is no where near sensitive and the only time I have a pimple is when its close to my monthly), but my skin absolutely hates this! Maybe it works for some people, but this product and my skin are NOT a match for each other.
So weak and can't cut too deep, awful experience
It's okay. Very hard to change shaving habits. I gave it a try for a month and after becoming accustomed to how to angle the blade and graduating to a sharper blade even, I cant say I would recommend this razor unless you want to devote A LOT of time to your shaving regimen. It does nothing special that any other razor wouldnt do. You cannot do a quick shave so if you're in a hurry forget about it unless you want deep lacerations lol. The best part about this razor is it's good for the environment. I'm trying to cut down on waste but unfortunately will be going back to my old razor until I find another alternative. The blades that come with this razor did not make for a smooth shaven I had bumps and razor burn immediately after shave. My legs and other private areas were not smooth as they usually are with other razors. Even after purchasing a higher quality blade, I could not achieve a close shave. I also tried various creams and lotions and exfoliating prior to my shave, etc. You will cut yourself the first time so be prepared. Unfortunately just as I learned how to use this razor I am outside of the return window and am now stuck with a $40 loss. I wouldnt recommend this over any other safety razor. Also the handle is very short. I have shaved my entire body with this thing and while I did so safely, it took twice as long and the shave was not close. Also I did multiple passes with the highest quality razor and still did not get all the hair or bumps.
I had to return this. It had a horrible taste and smell. I've used this brand many times and never have experienced this before. There was something very wrong with it.
Absolutely impossible to put these on! Tried for 1 hour with no success. There's not enough bend in the lashes to allow them to curve along the curvature of your eye. Hence, they spring into their preformed shape. Unbelievable. Maybe someone who gave these a positive review can fill me in ?
This product barely gets warm. It definitely does not get hot enough to serve any real function.
I never received this item and it's marked delivered?
Did not smell like coconut. Came with damaged package. The liquid spray was damaged and had leaked out of bottle.
Bottle arrived empty lost my return order
This product didn't really work - waste of money.
I had been using a konjac sponge for about a year, and decided to try a different brand...quite the experience it turned out to be. i noticed an odd smell and texture to it upon opening, compared to the other one i'd been using. well, i had a really bad reaction to this product, which took over two weeks to heal...thankfully i could formulate an herbal lotion to help in the healing process! contacted the company and they gave me a refund less the shipping. apparently, no one else has had a negative reaction to this product? (this experience totally not worth $10)
I ordered these as a Christmas present and when they shipped I never received the tracking info. I have waited almost 4 weeks and still have not received them. I have contacted the saler to see about making it right and have not gotten a response.
This hair dryer broke after 1 month of use.
I contacted the company and they said they would send me another one. I never got one. I contacted them again and did not even get a response.
I ended up having to get stitches because the adhesive on these bandages is almost non existent. Don't buy. Poor quality in an emergency.
I ordered this same lotion back in February of this year, and this past shipment is a different type of substance. The one I received feels like a bronzer and a lot thicker, like applying camo paint. It will make your face dark to black. Whatever you do, do no not apply, wash hands followed by drying them with a white towel. It will get stained. I am returning hoping to receive the proper lotion that I purchased back in February.
Note that this is only for 5ml rollers... not the 10ml that are most commonly used. I was highly disappointed and wish they didn't limit the time I could return it. My life became busy and when I finally tried to return this I was less than a week past the return period.
Not sure if this is the "newest" version but the product is horrible. Can not use it!!!!!!!!! I need the older version. It was replaced before with a more mediocre product but this one is unusable!!! I need the old product!!!!!
I tried the magnetic lashes too difficult to put on.
They smell better before you put them in the tub. It fizzled out in about 5 seconds! Used during my chest cold and nasal symptoms but to no avail. Won't be purchasing this product again.
These did work for about 5 minutes. I ordered the DD+. They did lift the breast. However, after moving around getting ready, the "lift" was gone. I kept them on and wore with my strapless bra. I don't even think they made a difference with the strapless bra.
i loved how it looked exactly like the picture but when i tried to put it on the clasp broke off, i cant wear it!
Made curls crunchy and dry, tossed it
Very sad, received this product after being very excited to use it and do my nails just to open it and discover it is broken.
Cheap looking. Took 3 weeks to get here.
This product leaves white residue in your hair! Kind of the opposite of what you want it to do. Not to mention it took a week to get here even through prime
Would not recommend. Product is much lighter and does not go on as smoothly compared to same product purchased at Nordstrom. Although cheaper at Amazon, I have buyer's remorse. Will not purchase this product again from Denver's Best Deal. Buyer beware!
Adhesive runs and bleeds through the bottom. Created a huge mess every time I tried to use them
It did t work after 3 uses! $7.95 “add on” so would cost more to send it back. What a rip off. DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM AT ANY PRICE.
It's didnt work my skin or really bad acne
Made my hair sticky, weighed down and greasy. Almost looked as if I didn't shower after using the product. Very unhappy with this purchase.
Hardly Any Serum! I have ordered before and thought I got bang for the buck. This product was a super small amount and where from previous orders it lasted st least 90 days this small size is empty within a month
I have large pores, expecially on my nose. And I was expecting that this mask wil pull out tons of stuff from them (considering how much I'm usually getting using the blackheads extractor loop), but it didn't happen. Very disappointed
Description clearly says 12 bars. Only recieved 6. Called Amazon they said they would send out another order and I could keep the original 6. Great right?! Well replacement order came in....... only 6 bars. Well. Atleast I broke even. Today I received an email. I was to be charged for the un returned original 12 bars. Called Amazon again. And I will be receiving a refund for that. We'll see.
I didn't receive it. I don't now, how look like. 2 months ago I bought. And nothing
The product is cheaply made and worked for 3 seconds and then shut off I learned my lesson. I'm never buying anything unless it is a named brand I know. I also am having a problem returning the product. I can't use USPS. I have to use UPS and they aren't coming to get the package. Real disappointment. Only good thing is I ordered a Panasonic brand and it works.
Was to small for my mom
Wasn't able to adequately moisturize the dry areas, yet still made the oily areas shiny after just an hour.
After a 2 month wait it finally arrived. It was packaged terribly, the box was completely crushed. Honestly I'm suprised it works. But it does work, so 4 stars. *UPDATE, it stopped working after the second use. The cord started to fail and I was having to wrap and hold the cord a certain way to keep it on. I imagine the cord went bad due to the horrible packaging. I went ahead a purchased the one from Revlon and it works like a charm. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY. Just pay the extra money and get it from Revlon.
The package was resealed and the bottle looked used.
My daughter has blonde hair. I left in on for 40 minutes, past the time it said, and it never took. She is still blonde, bummer for her Halloween costume.
So disappointed this product was changed. I've been using it for the last 10 months since I received a sample of conditioner in an Ipsy bag. The last order I received was completely different than the previous orders. The now product just does not compare. The previous product had a much better smell, cleaned and conditioned while being light weight yet nourishing. The new product smells very different, the consistency is like glue and the shampoo does not lather. The conditioner is heavy and weighs my hair down. My hair takes longer to dry now too. I do not like the changes and will find a new product.
Did not receive the right product. Was not warned that this would not be refundable. Based on reviews, I am scared to try what this is.
Also did not revive the correct product.
I received sponges in my package instead of a lint roller. There is no return option. The tracking number matches the one sent by Amazon so this is definitely the correct order.
Disappointed with the taste. Cheaply made and doesn't look like original colgate
No scent whatsoever! I think they forgot the smell ingredient. Hugely disappointed.
I was really excited to use this today. I unpacked it, followed the directions exactly and picked out the essential oil combo. I turned it on and while it's doing something...the water level has barely moved in 5 hours. It even looked a bit used when I received it. I'm not happy...
They grind down you teeth. Avoid them at all cost.
My package was stolen today I have a video to prove it
I got this makeup set broken and spoilt, disappointed very much:(
Never received it company won't credit me or send another one totally disappointed
These are dumb, I have no other words
Ordered a month ago and still hasn't arrived. Seller has not resolved the issue. What a rip-off!
This product was never delivered!!! And I paid for it! Please send a new product or return my money!
Don't buy. It takes too long to cure. Let's just say you are better off using regular nail polish for the same amount of dry time
Only had four sizes inside. Not ten
SCAM COMPANY BECAUSE I NEVER RECEIVED MY PRODUCT. TRIED TO CONTACT SELLER AND THEY NEVER GAVE ME BACK INFO ABOUT MY ORDER.
No tingling at all, so I have no idea about anything. I used it faithfully and noticed no change at all. I'm sorry I spent the money.
It didn't really moisturize enough for me, but my skin is very dry. Unfortunately after a week I started to notice sensitive red patches around my eyes. I'm not sure if it was dryness or if one of the ingredients was causing irritation, but I'm guessing it's the latter.
my order were red package,but I receive blue package now
This doesn't make sense how does the clear part fly out and the stud doesn't even pierce a hole inside the nose! What a waste of money being you can only use it once it's such a waste ! Better off getting the ones that comes with more.
Cheap looking and the seller does not allow for returns.
The second time I used it the whole top broke off. What a waste of money.
Completely useless. In no known universe do these things stick together or look remotely like eyelashes. They are super short so only half your eye would have lashes if they stuck together. Do not buy.
I love how well this cream works for a close shave and the price is great. The problem is I can't stand to breathe while it's on my face... the smell is terrible. I can't even describe it... just offensive. Almost smells like it's rancid.
They were crap. Dont waste your money. Not flexible. Hard to apply
Sadly, I was allergic, which is odd. I'm never allergic to anything. Returned.
It seems to work well to decrease bruises, but after using it daily for a couple of weeks an ugly red itchy rash occurred. The rash went away when I stopped using the product.
Going to return-Did NOT know it was made in China
I've bought this before with no issue. However, this time they arrived unusable. Totally smashed, but the box was fine. Seems they are sending out defective product. Difficult to see by the picture because it's such a small item size. Buyer beware. Hoping to hear from the seller, but you know how that goes!
Made my skin even worse.
Was disappointed with this product. First, there were no instructions. I have grey hair and it turned my grey orange! Had to go to a hairdresser to make my hair more presentable since I'm a senior citizen.
Poor quality mats up lasted 2 weeks if that tangles
I was suppose to receive this product by october 5 or the 8th at the latest. It is now October 17th and still havent seen it.
The Flatiron didn't get hot enough to straighten my hair and the brush feature just seemed to make my hair frizzy.
Just a word of advice don't bother buying this product.
Complete waste of money.
This product if from Korea. There were instructions in English, so I wasn't completely on my own. It worked pretty much as they said it would, with skin peeling off in a week or so. The trouble is, most of the skin peeling was from my instep, which is already smooth. The ball of my foot and my heel is still not soft. My main complain, though, is that it's been over a month since I used it, and my feet still burn off and on. Burning from the inside...so much that I have to put aloe vera with lidocaine several times a week. I'm still waking up in the middle of the night with my feet on fire. I waited for several weeks after buying this product to try it, so the window of return is closed. The main reason for this review is to spare anyone else this pain. It's ridiculous! I have enough pain in my life; sure didn't need to bring on more!
The product arrived damage, opened with a damaged soaking box. The seller was contacted and there was no response and no refund offered. The customer service is terrible. I do not recommend this seller.
They have a yucky smell and are sticky. These aren't moisturizing at all.
The battery compartment filled with water just after owning it for 30 days and light use. I'm very disappointed since I purchased a similar product in the past and it lasted for over 2 years. I'm willing to update my review if the company is willing to help.
I was disappointed. These razors cut up my legs and didn't get the hair off.
I was super excited for this product I went to use this brush for the first time today and look at what happened in the middle of my usage. Terrible brush not at all worth the money spent for it
The description and the Q&A says that this product is eau de parfum and the item that was delivered was eau de toilette. I called Amazon customer service and they very kindly refunded my money.
Did not get a clean shave. Trainer did not work. Poor customer service. No refund.
I thought I was reordering the same product I purchased three years ago but the formula has changed and the color is totally different. Furthermore you can't return it!
Not for regular curly hair more for kink hair did nothing for my girls curls but gunk up
I am so disappointed. I had my last chi straightener forever and it was hearty and ended up blowing up while on vacation oversees. The company said you can't use a converter( that was never in my manual) now I got this one and it is so cheaply made and constantly pulls my hair out.
Fine hair, this was supposed to thicken - did nothing
My order hasnt arrived in more than a month
I probably should've done a better job at reading the description, but these are tiny travel sizes. Yet the price for each is a dollar less than the full-sized equivalent.
Well, the razors will remove the stubble from my face, but they'll also remove chunks of skin. I alternated them with an old Harry's Shave Club blade just to see if it wasn't my skin that was the problem...no cuts with the old Harry's blade, but these Personna Twin's (even new) open me up like a surgeon.
Too small, and the clip was visible in the hair.
This does nothing. It didn't remove collar stains any better than pretreating, and it did little to lift coffee stains and it should never be used for pit stains: I think it made them worse. It does smell okay, but only if you like how conventional detergents smell. I'll stick to borax. This is at once too much, and nothing at all.
Made in China. This was not listed on description.
I'm not sure if I received a counterfeit version of the product or not, but leaked while in my dopp kit in my carry on bag during my last flight. This pretty much renders this product useless.
Long wear lipstick, great color! But.. mine came exactly like this. :( looks like someone took a bite out of it.
Did it stay on? Yeah. Did it smudge? No. It just went on horribly. I've never had this hard a time putting on makeup. It went on clumps and choppy is the only way I can explain it. It dried so quick I couldn' try to work with it. I didn't want to give up on it since it had such great reviews. But I could only get it to look good one time with makeup remover as my aid. That took me like a half hour. I don't want to take a half hour each time to just make my eyeliner look "Ok".
They were so flimsy I couldn't put them on my fingers
Not how it was advertised.
I have used this product before with no issue. This time it didn't work and it did not have a product seal on it. I tried to return it but was informed that it is no returnable. Disappointed!
Box came opened with no seal on box or product....appeared not to be a full bottle of product..appeared to have been a used item...ugh
I wore this sunscreen in full sun and it did NOT keep me from burning. I do not burn that easily so I was very shocked that I was burned. I reapplied the sunscreen 3 times during the afternoon I was out. It keep my skin moist and was easy to spread but what good is it if it doesn't do it's job as a sunscreen?
I went out on a limb and decided to order one 100g soap bar ... what the package contained was literally a 20g SLIVER of soap! It was barely a quarter of an inch thick -- obviously intended as a sample, NOT something you'd pay $16 for! Seriously ... am I the only person who had this happen? I was looking forward to testing this ... but NOPE, I'm sending it back.
Don't waste your money. The reservoir is useless for a complete straightening. It was too late to return it after I finally got the chance to use it!
They break if you drop them or of hair is tangled.
Don't buy its not Orginal its a cheap product
When I opened the package it smelled horrible- like strong cleaning chemicals. I honestly debated even putting on my face but stupidly did. I was very careful about applying evenly. The mask dried and I was able to pull most off. About 20% remained and would not come off. I had to scrub my face sooooo hard to get it off. It was time consuming and painful. Peeling the mask hurt as well but at least it seemed to pull out something. The ingredients are horrible. Definitely not good to be putting on your face plus the hassle of getting it off. Also, I placed a paper towel down in the sink to place the peeled off mask. A couple small pieces hit the sink area and that too, took a ton of time to scrub off. Even when using heavy cleaner
I've been using Norelco for about 15 years and with my current Norelco for about 3. I've been changing my blades on the current Norelco without issue but when I changed blades on with this current purchase I noticed that these current blades pull the hair on my face really severely. The first time I used the Norelco with the current blades I had about 3 days worth of growth. It was painful and difficult to shave. I decided to use the new blades for a few more days to see if there would be improvement. The next two days were a bit less painful but still a problem. I'm going with a different shaver.
After two months they have both quit working
Very stick can't use it have to return.
Great color patterns. Poor elastic. Completely lost elasticity at the first use :( Very disappointed! Paid extra for the cute patterns. Waste of my $
These arrived like this. Would like a refund or replacement.
I still have not even received this item, so if I could give a rating of 0, I would
The WRONG color for me....can't really tell which color would look better
The actually send me softer argan oil gel instead of eco styler. Do not buy!!!
Nozzle froze up after a few days and could not use anymore.
All the bows are falling apart. Not happy at all. I would not buy this again. I rather make my own bows . There not good at all.
I ordered an 18" wig and received a 10" and yes I measured. Even stretched the hair is much shorter. Very dissatisfied.
14.99 for this small 1oz lotion is a rip off. Not worth the price!
This product worked great for the first month and a half, after that month, no heat was produced anymore and makes a very loud noise while spinning. Also, there is no way of contacting the manufacturer to get a replacement. So we've had it in the salon for a few months and now we have to get another one. Sucks
just bad nothing else to say
It was an ok brush, but spontaneously cracked after a year of use (I didn't drop it or use it for anything other than brushing my body). Would not recommend buying.
Within minutes of using the product my entire scalp turned red and was burning. A rash then appeared on my forehead, face and neck. Lasted a few hours.
I was hoping for a nicer weighted/balanced handle version of the disposable ones I buy at my local grocery store, which are extremely light weight, but this razor is horrible. First off, the blade cartridges do not pivot on the handle like the disposable ones do. Secondly, the handle doesn't easily snap into the cartridges in the plastic holder they come in. The handle appears to be designed to slide the cartridges on/off from the side, which is all fine and good except the cartridges are stuck in a plastic holder which has side walls. Sorry I ordered spare cartridges along with this razor. Waste of money!
I will be returning this. It does not smell like Nag Champa whatsoever! It has a manly deodorant smell. I had to wash off it off my skin right away. I do however like the orange blossom scent.
The battery at full charge doesn't last 1 minute ! Absolutely horrible
I really didn't like this hair. It was very itchy and would not get straight. I did cowash first which is something I normally do. This just wasn't the hair for me
Arrived in a gigantic box for a small item.
I have been making beeswax wraps for a couple of years now. I ordered this beeswax awhile ago, but it was too hot to make the wraps. Finally we got to making them this morning. It did not work! No matter what we tried it will not cling, it never happened with other beeswax of a couple of different brands that I had. We checked the formula, adjusted the temperature and nothing worked. We came to the conclusion that it must be the beeswax that is a problem, I have 4 unopened bags left land I would like to return them. I ordered my regular brand, too bad we lost so much time I have to fill the orders due Monday. Too bad :(
The aroma is like candy super sweet...but yummy.. I didn't feel any difference with either product. The cream conditioner doesn't feel like anything in your hair. Yes, it's light, but too light...just aroma. Would not purchase again...
These fell apart almost immediately.
Turns out this thing is a comple piece of garbage that doesn't work with most cameras. What a waste of money
Didnt do anything for me
Needles are not sharp
On/off switch quit working but outside of return window so now l have a mirror with no light. Do not recommend buying.
It arrived in a timely manner, but it didn't work at all after plugging it in. I charged it for a day thinking that could be the issue (it wasn't). I also noticed that the quality of the parts included did not match what was depicted in the assembly manual. This made assembling it a bit more complicated than it should have been for such a small, simple machine. My husband was baffled at the mismatched parts! For instance, the filters included did not match the size of what the device required. Despite the good reviews, I would recommend you consider other models on Amazon.
Not that the product is bad. I wouldnt know. They sent me the wrong shade. And it's not returnable. Not happy......
41 for 1 lotion is too much I'm trying to contact seller to see if I'll be getting 5 more
Does not get hot enough, and cheap plates
This expensive product didn't work for me at all. I like how it says 100% satisfaction, but I can't find an email or any contact info anywhere.
I'm really mad the rollers came loose and not packaged in anything but the shipping package. That is so unsanitary. Not happy about that.
I'm really sorry I bought this! Doesn't even look like I put mascara on. Have to use another mascara over it 😔😔😔
Did not live up to its claims. Not even close.
I must have been sent the wrong product. I've been wearing lashes for 7 years and these were by far the worst lashes I've ever had. They were not mink and they were not a c curl. The lashes felt like plastic and when applied they faced downward, covering my eyes. Absolutely horrible. I had to remove them immediately. So disappointed.
Not strong enough with light pressure it stops working
Tried to use this product instead of spending much more at the dentist for a night guard. Could not sleep with it in my mouth at night. Fits horribly even after molding it. Ended up caving and spending the money at the dentist. It is a night a day difference compared to this product. Highly recommend saving your money.
I bought this over 2 months ago and I still hav not received my item. Contacted seller with no response. SCAM!
Hair is synthetic not human hair at all very disappointed
I was so happy when I received this item but soon as I thought I was going to use it BOOM it didn't work. Two new sets of new batteries and still didn't work smh what a waste of money. 😩
Doesn't mask or control odor, hard to roll on, not pleasant looking. Would have returned had i used it earlier.
I ordered the mirror and after about 2 weeks it broke off at the suction cup. I thought it was defective. I returned it and ordered another one which broke immediately also. I didn't go to the trouble of returning the 2nd one. Do not buy. It should not be sold.
Very disappointing! In the description it says that the blotting papers are oil free, not true! In the ingredients it says mineral oil!☹️
Started out great, however, after the first few weeks, the spring in the handle broke. Chinese crap evidently. I recommend steering clear of these...
My hair got limply and scalp got dry n itchy
Doesnt even hold at all and makes my hair look like I just smeared peanut butter on my hair
Stopped working after using it ~10 times
I am impressed with the design, however, my mirror failed to turn on. I'm going to return it and order another one and hope the next one is fully functional.
It has nice smell but that's all. It feels heavy and very oily on your skin. It does not supply any moisture nor effectively keeps it from your skin. I've gotten a lot of pimples and my skin even got itchy. Not recommend at all...
overly priced! only three short ties come in package, they get tangled in the hair, I don't even use them anymore! went to dollar tree store there hair ties works just fine! hated it!
(1) Piece of s_h_i_t . Don't waste your money. (2) The actual length to do my nails is 2.5 inches — way too short. The actual length, as I received it, from end to end, is 4.5 inches long. (3) Amazon sent the wrong item, twice. (4) You get what you pay for. After the 3rd use, the roughness is wearing away. For the same money, you can get an emory board which will last longer. (5) The adhesive they use in manufacture — the adhesive that holds the filings on — is wearing away. (6) Not even worth one star. This product deserves 0 stars. (7) I cannot recommend this product less.
Gave one star solely because it took 2 MONTHS for it to get here! Love the product though :)
The lid should be taped shut. The product arrived with the lid loose, the foil seal unsealed, and the package was a soapy mess. Otherwise it's good soap.
They dont even get hot enough to melt their own wax. I am puzzled by it. I bought two and neither one gets hot enough
I bought 2 tubes on March. But when i received, there was a new model and an old model which have EXP date on June. It is the first time also the last time i buy from the seller. I
I did not see a difference after using this lotion. No streaks, the smell is ok, but it just didn't work for me!!!!! If u tan often and want to see a difference, this isn't the lotion for you
Twice in a row they shipped just one tooth paste when I ordered the 4 pack and had to go through returns both times. Makes ordering this frustrating... Not sure if this is an Amazon issue or the seller.
This item has no power and does NOT have the capability of trimming anything. I waited too long to try and return. Total waste of money.
Completely shattered when I received it.. I'm so upset and disappointed.. never ordering makeup off Amazon again.
While I'm happy I got refunded this product is super sticky and the packaging is terrible. Try to peel the lid off results in sticky gel everywhere and I now have a hardened gel everywhere as I had to cure it.
The item came to me was opened. I really disappointed but can do anything rather than return. I order a lot of things on amazon but this a first time it was happened to me.
Loved the way these worked but tore after only a couple of uses. Good concept, you get what you paid for.
Ordered this on November 1st for a Christmas present and still have not received it. That's why I'm giving it one star
Product does not cure with the LED Lamp provided. No directions included and one of the bottles were open while shipping leaving the contents a mess to clean up.
This hairdryer seemed fine for a month and then it completely stopped working. I am outside of my return window so I don't know what I can do now. I normally buy higher end products and I tried this out due to the positive reviews, but now I'm regretting it. Hopefully I get a replacement. Update - they are sending me a new blow dryer, different model.
This is not the original product like Shea moisture used to make. It's looks like it's watered down and both bottles have red sediment in the bottom of the bottle.
I ordered 2 of them, eyeliner cream, the product was dry. could not use. I think it was old product. Threw it away.
Never recieved them.
Smells really good. I have to clean bottle before using because it exploded in plastic bag. Giving it one star because I have to clean up a mess.
Poorly designed mirror....the gooseneck part isn't strong enough to hold the weight of the mirror. And the mirror is curved too much therefore it distorts the magnification. Can only see clearly a very small area on the mirror. And of course the gooseneck went south a couple of days after the return by date.
Update: I don't know what happened but these incense started smelling like charcoal sticks with no scent other than burnt wood. Will definitely not purchase again and discarding the remainder of the box which is well over 3/4. Highly disappointing. These incense are great! I burned one and fell in love. They burn smoothly and slow leaving a wonderful lingering scent. It is a pleasure to finally finding an authentic incense for my space.
I do not receive the product
Arrive damaged. Poor quality to begin with.
Ordered many months ago, I never received them.
Leaks everywhere. So disappointed and I contacted them along time ago and I have messages for proof and still no one contacted me! Purchase elsewhere do not waste money on this one
Worthless product. The nail clipper broke after ONE USE!!! Do not waste your money.
This eyeliner is the absolute worst. It goes on with too thick a line--even when brand new the tip wasn't pointy enough--so tons of touch up is necessary. And after one use the point is dulled so as to be unusable. And THAT's when you find out what a nightmare it is to sharpen. I won 't be buying this again, no sir.
Once the rubber bands start cutting off the blood supply, they fall off and the tag is still there. Not worth the pain or the money.
Horrible item. Wig was completely tangled, could not be worn. Way to long. Do not buy. And the customer service is terrible. They promised to fix or replace or return my money and then stopped responding to my email. Do not buy from them,
I typically do not write reviews. BUT this soap burned my skin and left a huge rash on my cheeks. My skin feels so raw and is constantly itchy... I have combination skin so the first two days I used it, it was totally fine it's been a 10 days and it's gotten worse!!
I have read to other reviews and I'm really confused, this soap in my opinion has a strong smell of perfume. I can smell it when I walk in the kitchen and I have an awful sense of smell! I'm sending this back.
This nail polish did not last more than a day before it peeled off.
It appears from this product description that you're getting three tubes of toothpaste. But you're not. You're only getting one. DO NOT BUY!
These are not for me. Just requested a return from amazon. They don't even fizz, just break apart into smaller chunks. I tried 2 and they were both like that. Don't waste your money.
I don't think these are real essential oils, I can only tolerate natural oils . I'm very sensitive to chemical scents and these gave me a major headache
First time I used it the glue on the inside melted so I can't even open it used it 1 time guess it was defective
These were awful! Look nothing like what's pictured! The hairs looked like pubes and were too long and curly! Do not buy!
It was not like I thought it would be don't work good.
Same quality as you would get from your local $ store. How do I know? Cause I purchased some from my local $ store they didn't stick either, threw them away, ordered these hoping for better results. I was wrong. Don"t waste your money try a different product. "Zen", I was not.
Packaging was clearly tampered with. Barcodes removed, box had incisions marks and glued back together. Perfume wasn't long lasting. Buyers beware.
It reads organic on the label and then you see mineral oil as the second ingredient.
Bought my boyfriend this razor and he says it does not give a good shave and it snags hair constantly. :(
It didn't fit even if I took it apart. I also just noticed it said NON returnable. Smh
I think I wore this 3, maybe 4 times when I noticed the elastic coming apart from the cap, and also it started smelling musty. I had a really cheap one that held up much better and lasted longer than this one. Too bad because it is cute.
Wipes were drier than expected. Ended up using 3 or 4 wipes instead of 1. Never had this issue with this brand before.
These looked and felt wonderful, but the sharp, acidic smell they had made them difficult to wear. Even when I took them off, my hands and feet still smelled terrible. Nice idea, but too stinky to use!
Didn't see any significant change after use it.
I've been using MoroccanOil shampoo, oil, hair cream for years and this is not it. It does not even smell similar to the real products and left my hair frizzy, greasy and feeling unwashed. The packaging is also incorrect. do not buy!
The item I received is not the one from the picture or the one describes. It also smelled very heavily of cigarettes. I will be asking for a refund.
Adhesive does not stick well at all. Pern burned my eyelid even though I left it on for the correct amount of time. Did curl the lash but since the pad did not stick they do not have a great shape
Don't know how well it will do for moisturizing or sensitivity. Obnoxious scent didn't fade. Washed it off and pitched the bottle.
This product does not work even after I used a straightener it made my hair frizzy!
I have had peels before but this did not make me peel and I could not tell a difference.
very hard to apply... each detail needed to be cut off and applied by itself... it stuck to the paper it came on... and white face paint don't work on dark skin :(
I didn't receive it. Looks like it got lost somewhere. Amazon has refunded me my purchase price
Hi All, I never received this product could you help me understand why, please. Thanks Cristina
I ordered two. Button broke on the first one after a week, second one stopped heating after 3 weeks.
This is a nice body oil, however, if you are looking for a Kukui Nut Oil product.. check the ingredients.. you'll find no Kukui Nut Oil in this product.
Product was damaged from being opened before it was shipped. It also destroyed all the remaining items in my shipment.
I have tried other Badass Beard Care products and am a fan but this scent is awful. Next time I'll stick with the mountain man scent.
I wouldn't buy this if I was you. I wanted to whiten my teeth within the next week and it took a month to get to the destination
I am extremely UNHAPPY right now.... Package was delivered today and the whole box was greasy.... Opened it and this is what I find
Very disappointed. Perhaps I got a bad unit that gave me hives so bad I had to call in sick from work.
Never received my item contacted seller and they never responded
It did not work at all like I thought
Very poorly made! Absolutely the worst quality wig I have ever purchased. The color I received was closer to a strawberry blonde rather than the almost ash blonde shown in the picture. The cut was very uneven from side to side and it feels nothing like a human hair wig (or the human hair/synthetic mix they claim it to be). The amount of hair used - of any kind - is so very sparse as to make this wig nearly “see-through” except at the crown. Stitching is poor and uneven making some size adjustments impossible and the combs were not centered before being stitched into place.
Product did not stick to glass, came off in under 24 hours, would NOT recommend!
I use Nads all the time, this company sold me old strips so the wax didn't work. What a way to waste money.
The only thing good about this toothpaste is the glass jar it came in! It leaves a gross residue in the sink and awful aftertaste in your mouth.
I am very upset. I took a long time searching for a product with ingredients that won't irritate my very sensitive skin. I decided to try this one because i like the ingredients as shown in their pictures. Well, guess what? They omitted phenoxyethanol which is very irritating for my skin! Very misleading company! You have just wasted my time.
Cheaply made, box was crushed, clips broke the first time I used them
I can't get my order. Said shipped and due July 6th. Hello... it's the 9th and tracking said I would get an email when more info was known. There's no way to contact to see what's going on.
Tried this product for the first time through Birchbox and decided to buy through amazon. The amount of product was so disappointing! The pencil lasted me less than a month and I do not apply makeup heavily whatsoever. Certainly not worth $20.
The construction of the crown area is very unrealistic looking, also, the perimeter of this wig has no hair.
Hair feels goid but definitely doesn't look like the picture. This will take a lot of work to look like the picture
Fell apart. Don't buy
Came opened, emailed and they never responded.
The shampoo did not get delivered, only the conditioner. Unfortunately it wasn't packaged properly and the conditioner spilled all over the box.
The ingredients listed on the product page do not match the actual product ingredients. All of these soaps are made with palm oil as the base. I do not support the use of palm oil due to deforestation and inhumane working conditions. I would not have ordered these soaps if the ingredients were listed truthfully. I will be returning them.
Item does not work. Charged it all night and it will not turn on.
DON'T BUY IT!!!... If you don't like it or you don't want it, they don't accept returns... don't buy it!!, this little thing is so slow if you try to return the product you'll see a message that says this item isn't eligible for returns... sad!!
This is a fake product
2nd grade packaging, labeling and materials. Time will tell, but my teeth do not feel as clean and they are *not* as pictured on the website! Upon getting some genuine, made by philips — these are absolutely FAKE. They do not have the chip that sends a signal to the brush, the screen printing on the brushes is off compared to OEM products. Buyer, BEWARE!
1st time charging and battery warped. Will not hold charge now. Would like a rep to reach out.
Great size but it has no power and eats batteries.
This product is a joke. It does not work. Only leaves marks on your face. I want my money back and shame on anyone for selling it
It is not full when I receive this product, just half left. It must be used!!
too small size ,cover only half of my head
Bought for my toddler but pom hair tides are very small! Measurements are not accurate as shown on description or picture!
didnt like the way the sheets feel with it on
I never got to try it, only the little brush arrived not the actual brow color. The package was open when it arrived. It doesn't give me an option to report this issue.
The eyebrow pencil does not work
I love Amazon, but I will never purchase perfume from Amazon again. $83 for perfume that smells old and has a sent for about 1 minute.
Really Bad!!!! They wrote wrong the day of my wedding and we could not use it. I confirm twice the date and they did it wrong. NOT RECOMMENDED AT ALL
This bow fell apart after one wear. I would not recommend it to anyone!
its not worth your money!....it didn't do anything for my skin!
Tattoos were cut out and missing, only 9 full sheets, not 14 like stated the rest were cut apart and some were missing. I paid extra to have next day delivery on friday and didn't get it till Monday due to storm and this is what I got. SMDH.
It's really bad. It has no smell and does not give foam at all
I've gone through enough essential oil to know when it's gone rancid. The lavender oil included had either been bottled improperly or spoiled somewhere along the way. Can't recommend buying.
I ordered 4 things from amazon and this wasnt in my box yet it says it was delivered
The lip gloss is very pigmented BUT its way to sticky to wear i dnt like the texture on my lips but nice colors to bad cant wear it
I've used many types of lip balm, and this one is terrible. It makes my lips burn (as if they'd been sunburned). I'm out the money for this case of 24 tubes because I opened it, but hope others will beware and not buy this product.
did not work not a good product they did not stick at all to my nails and you have to have the light. they do not dry quick
These are not the razor blades that I ordered I ordered the ones that have the yellow on them I would like to have them once not these ones
I've used this Remington daily for the past couple of years and during that time the plastic guard has broken twice. It's a shame because the clippers work well apart from being very loud. Holds a charge for a very long time. I am purchasing a different brand instead of replacing the guard again, which is almost as expensive as new clippers.
Save your money. After seeing the reviews on YouTube I couldn't wait to try it, they TRIED IT! It's so chalky and there's fallout everywhere! To really make this work, you need a good eyeshadow base, then wet your brush or applicator with MAC Fix+ then apply and use a good setting spray I recommend Urban Decay All-nighter setting spray. Even with all that, it's still the WORST silver eyeshadow I've ever tried.
The toner almost half of the size and looks like spill in the box. I need this to be replace .
I am very unhappy that they literally say they are samples and not for resale on the bottle. That makes me feel like they probably were expired or counterfeit. I will only use the actual Fresh website or Sephora in the future so I don't get scammed.
They send the wrong product
Died within a month of purchase
The first jar I bought was great and soothed my acne and redness. I bought a new jar and my face stings like a sunburn and I broke out badly. The formula has definitely been changed for the worse.
Not what it says. Oil is clear with virtually no scent.
This product is extremely small and was probably made for a doll's head. Also this cap doesn't stretch.
Not what I ordered. The curlers are spiraled and not waves. Total trash.
I tried this shipper for the first time and was deeply disappointed. My hair wax had completely melted and was more gooey liquid than hair wax.
Totally wast of money! Just one year lasted. Not even as reliable as my old costco sonicare.
I ordered these, but they never arrived. Amazon says I am not eligible for a refund. Don't recommend that you buy from them.
Waste of money and time. Oh my gosh, this stuff is so hard to apply, I gave up after trying for ten min. You have to try and use something pointy like a needle or dental cleaning pic to try and position each hair to go the direction they're supposed to, it dried too fast to be able to accomplish that challenging feat, so this product proved to be a swing and a miss in my opinion.
Hair dryer out in one month It is not high grade processed hair at all
I was skeptical about this product. When I bought this product there were 27 customer reviews and all 5 stars or 4 stars. I fell in a trap and bought. It just removes the fuzziness of hair. Not the actual facial hairs.
Deodorant doesn't work
I ordered this retainer and opened the box and there was nothing in the box except a crumpled paper? Not sure if I was scammed or the sender just somehow forgot to include the retainer. It's really the cherry on top of my already terrible birthday lmao
Worst razors I've purchased. I had a feeling since it was so many for the price, gave it a try... I regret it.
"Mini" is not something to describe these. They're as big as my hand. And of course, no returns on them. 🙄
Never received this product and company refused to help.
They don't leak, but they cause the products inside to obtain a horrific odor. There's also no real way to control how much product is dispensed at a time, too much comes out at once for most products, like shampoo.
I'm assuming this is manufactured by Philips but these "new" blades seem to just pull the hair out my face. I wish I would have kept the originals. They worked better even though they were a year old
This cologne smells great and would be great if it had any sillage or projection at all. Maybe I just got a bad batch that had been left in the heat for to long or something but I will spray it and the smell will be almost completely gone in 15 minutes. Not worth your money or time at all.
It came in as half jar. It was definitely opened and used before!
I was not happy with it, didn't look right on me, but it may work for someone else
I don't know if there is a problem with the nozzle or i couldn't add it well , when i turn it on the water all over the place and the nozzle goes out , can you please make it clear on how to add the nozzle
Gave me a fake product. smells weird and different from original and the packaging and logo is completely different
This is not an authentic Clinique product. I've used 3 containers of this purchased from Macy's, and love it. I bought one here it's not the same consistency, color AND I woke up 4 hours later at night with majorly burning eyes. I am in pain! Who knows what's in this product. There was NO booklet. No plastic wrapping. Stay away from this. Just buy it from a major department store.
Ripped out several lashes with each wash. I thought it was due to the brush so I tried it without the brush. I even tried it to clean off makeup off my brows. Several brow hairs fell off as well.
I purchased this item from Amazon. It was cheaper then buying it from the original site. What a mistake! When I received it I thought something was different. This product has been tampered with! It smells like lotion, the original has no scent. I ordered directly from the company, received it today. As you can see in the picture, the one I purchased from the Amazon site has a larger hole. Whoever is supplying Amazon with the product has replaced it with regular lotion. I will be contacting Amazon by phone to let them know!!
Worst wig will never buy from here again! It was great at first texture was great, no bad smell or anything. Noticed the shedding but I figured ok that's normal, then after about a week I noticed a small bald spot that just got worst.
I've been buying this product for over a year now from Ulta. Bought it online in August and just opened it after running out of my last bottle. Every time I use it my skin burns and it has a very unusual odor.
These are NOT real Naked eye shadow. They are a poor quality knockoff
Such a waste of money. Big lie. This do nothing.
It kept the stink away, but chewed up my armpits. I even followed the instructions and warmed it up by holding it to my pit. Oh well. Not returnable.
This product was returned because I was afraid to put it on my hair. The box was written in Chinese and the directions in English were poorly translated. I was fearful that the ingredients were dangerous.
After washing with accompanying shampoo my healthy hair felt like straw. I had to apply almost a third of the bottle of conditioner to even feel like there was any conditioner in my hair. It did not work and my previously very healthy hair was now damaged and needed some serious repair treatment. To top it off, I was denied a refund.
I ordered the set of 6 ULTRA SOFT brushes and instead received 6 soft.
Worked for about 2 weeks n it went dry on me. Cap was always on. And it went dry.
This eye mask leaks ink onto everything it has ruined four sheets and pillowcases it even rubbed off onto the wall where my daughter had hung it over her bed, it is not a good product buyer beware!
Power cable keeps disconnecting, poor quality, all attachments not fixed properly, keeps shaking while you use it. Unprofessional tool.
Oh the burning pain. I decided I could just run more and eat less sugar. I found the cream to be a costly sense of torture. I ended up trying to wash it off and then sat in the tub with cold water. It still was burning.
I bought the light. The led light was pretty good, but Amazon wrote "Free 12 Transparent Color Filter," but it was not included, and the original filter also already bend... however, don't trust "free gift"
This is counterfeit. I've ordered from Sephora before and while this is similar, the smell, longevity, and feel of my skin afterwards are not as good as the real thing.
Not sure if the other reviews are fake, but this wig looks bad. I have plenty of wigs for fun and this one is ugly in front at the part.
Sticky feeling after application.
Doesn't fit. It's uncomfortable.
I received an empty envelope . No product and no receipt
Horrible not steady it fell apart after 5 times I used it.
Just received my shampoo very disappointed leaking all over inside bubble wrap envelope. That is why I gave it a one-star.
These are not criss cross headbands. They are just bandanas. False advertising and I am not able to return them. Very disappointed!
Never received the product. Bought it and it never made it to me.
went in the garbage immediately cause it got broken in shipping. bad packaging
I tried to use all three of these tweezers and none of them could pull a hair out. The hair slipped right through the tweezers. Terrible!! Do not buy these tweezers.
This was awful. It was not as advertised - clumped and flaked. Ugh.
I can not make a review when only I have been using it for 5 days. So far I doubt see ay improvements
The parfums are lovely, but are really very small, one inch diameter each. I was embarrassed to give it as a gift.
After 6 months use It started to make a weird voice. I continued to use it by thinking that's the brush head problem. After couple months I changed the brush head and it started to make the more horrible voice. It is so loud and not doing its brushing job at all. You can't imagine the loud noise it makes. I wish I can return or exchange it at least...but there's no more option for me and I don't know who to contact. Please offer an exchange for the poor quality of a $180 teeth brush..is it actually authentic????
My daughter has very blonde hair and it did not work. Not at all. Zero color! We followed directions exactly and had less than desirable results.
The first time I went to use this, the tip broke off and it wouldn't let me twist the bottom to get more to screw out of the top. Essentially it was broken. Didn't even get to use it once.
This thing is a joke. It gave my face an angry looking purple welt and the blackheads live on. Not sure what they had in mind with this awful thing, but save your money. The welt lives on this morning. I can't go anywhere looking like this. I only touched my face briefly with it. I would give it no stars if that were an option. I guess the star can be for the delivery. It got here on time.
I received a knock off Flawless Touch Brows trimmer. Packaging said Flawless Touch but also looked printed at home. I'm confused as reviews were positive. I bought this as a clean up tool. I didn't mind it being “fake” as it still came with a battery and looked the same. It turned on but didn't trim at all. Disappointed.
The color is too orange
There didn't seem to be enough liquid to make a mask for my full face. I was only able to do a very thin layer on my t-zone. I'm not new to peel off masks but this one kind of hurt to peel off and my skin felt irritated after. No noticeable benefits from this mask like I get with others.
Doesn't work. Caused irritation and the smell is awful!
I order this canvas head weeks ago, had the prime membership for next day delivery only to receive an email that it is late and that it is on its way. Only to find out days almost weeks later that it was lost in transit. This is beyond of professional and never received my refund on the purchases or received another shipment. Will be contacting Amazon about this.
Awful dont waste your money on this product
I bought this to preserve my drawings. But I just so happen to also have a pompadour and I tried this spray and it's god awful. I'm not surprised though because this brand is known for being awful.
My package just arrived and one of them was all dryed, clumped up, and unusable. I was a bit worried that most of the customers had gotten their products like this, and there it is.
This is a fake perfume . I was totally disappointed after using this .. It does not even stay on for 5 mins .. I know this because I have bought the same one from the store and that stayed on the whole day .... waste of my money ...
Product was completely different I was sent a necklace with a seashell . Very upset
Was sent what appeared to be a 'used' version. Performance awful. Sent it back.
This product was somewhat dried out and irritated my skin. I had to toss.
The bag is too soft and feels very plasticky and cheap
I was charged. Should have received next day. Hair never shipped.
I never received the items
Does not take gel polish off that good
Is horrible I want a refund as soon the nails fall off..is so hard to apply
It's extremely Expensive, worked great for only 24 hours, then started to sweat again there is only 8 towels In there so 20$ for one week is a lot.
Did not work on hair. Very unhappy.
Expiration date is February 2017! Says I cannot return it. Wish I could and have it replaced. Very dissatisfied...
I was so exited to try this product but it arrived in TERRIBLE condition. The package was bubble wrapped and still it was all broken and full of powder everywhere. Just lost my money. VERY disapointed!!!!!
So disappointed my diffuser just stopped working!!! Just bought it the end of January.
It does not work. There were no instructions. I was provided with a different brand to what I ordered.
I don't believe that was the real product.
Pictures of product are all written in English. However when it arrived it said it was shipped from Japan and the label was in another language. Now I feel less confident in the quality of the product and am not sure if it is a knock off of the actual pictured product.
Horrible product. Don't cut at all. Doesn't even seem like they line up right. Besides the look, they have nothing going for them.
Have bought this at Amazon before woth no problems....it was time for a new bottle, happened to read reviews before buying that talked about people getting imitation bottles but decided to buy any way because of no issues before. Received an imitation. Amazon is awesome though, called them and they took care of issue. Won't be buying this anymore though.
I have tried and tried but I cannot get this plug in to produce any smell. We use the lemon essential oil from Young Living, which smells amazing in other diffusers. But no matter how much oil we put on this plug-in, you can only smell it if you're within about 1 to 2 feet of it. A real bummer because this thing looks very nice and is very easy to use.
As soon as i picked up the package from my doorstep, i felt a burning sting on my hand instantly. The package was not just already open and damaged, the whole color developer had leaked. It was all over my hand, my fingers started burning and the thumb burned really bad and got cuts. I tried to take it off immediately but the damage was done.
This was TERRIBLE! They actually sent me 6 of the same colour!! So disappointing and disgusting! Why would a vendor do that? SHAME ON YOU!!!
Description of item said it would fit my razor, it didn't...when I modifies the plug it still did not charge the razor....on the plus side, at least it was inexpensive.
I love the product but I ordered 3 pieces which maps to 6 items and i have recieved only five. There is an issue here
I was excited to send these to my daughter at camp to share with her cabin. She told me when she got home, as some of the girls first put them in their hair, they began to unravel. She brought a couple back and sure enough, they are unraveling. Can't even use them once. Would NOT buy again.
These are okay, they're as described but ended up not being as great for actual shower use. the size it a bit unmanageable and they don't suds the soap at all so it just feels like I'm rubbing a dry sponge on my skin.
It doesn't last all day, after some hours I could smell my natural scent. Also, the size is very small. Regret buying this.
Very poor quality - flex caused to break within a week
There's sulfate in it, and i was unable to read the ingredients before I bought it
These do not absorb water whatsoever and do not get larger when wet like most blending sponges. They're also very hard which makes blending uncomfortable. I doubt I'll ever use them.
Product is very misleading. Yes, Potassium Alum is compromised of larger particles that in theory should be too large to absorb, but when you wet it the particles break down much smaller, and surprisingly can and do get absorbed by the body. Really wanted this to be the golden ticket. Alas, had to find another product that matched my natural deodorant needs.
I hate writing a bad review about anything, but this was a Birthday present for my daughter, and I was so disappointed that it did not work. Worse, is that it was delivered a month prior to her birthday, so by the time she used it, the return window had closed. She called and said that it took 2 days to charge, and never fully charged. It did not work on her legs at all. I gave my daughter an epilator, and what she got was a weed whacker. I felt horrible. She said that it cut the hair but did not remove it, and even using it slowly and moving the epilator in multiple directions, it did not remove the hair. She had nubs. The second problem was that it was suppose to contain two caps, and the product contained only one. So an accessory was actually missing. I am so mad at myself for ordering this so early. We now have a hundred dollar paper weight. With all due respect, we have coarse hair, and it may work well for someone with finer hair. Just make sure you check immediately, that all parts are there.
Never received the item
Worked great for about a week, love the way it cleans. The only problem is the power button/switch. When pressed, the button disappears into the surrounding plastic of the case and after 2 weeks, it doesn't work at all. Waste of money.
Never received the product it was not delivered to my home
I did not like this pain cream, The smell of the cream can be noticed by other people sitting next to you. I have not gotten any overall pain relief from you pain cream, Like I have had with the other brands I have purchased form Amazon.Com. I will be requesting to return this pain cream for a full refund.
This cologne sucks; smells only like musk. Burns your skin when u put it on .
This item is so heavy it's very hard to hold and wrap your hair and not burn your self
When I opened the container, the product was yellow. I use Aquaphor often, it should be colorless. Disappointing it cannot be returned. The order was for two units. So the second was not opened in time for a return.
This one i still not received yet, please let me know when i have this one
It is clearly printed on the surface of the product bottle “Not for sale”. How can you sale it to me? It (Not for sale) is totally not described in Amazon website. Otherwise I will not buy it. This must be a gift of Clinique. There is no a made date and expired date!
horrible texture, it has been shedding and its only being installed for two days. my braider had to combine and another type of hair i order for the braids to stay in my hair.
I was trying to go outside the box and try something different. For 10$ these are not the best. Wasn't my favorite and do not recommend.
So I have alot of aimeili polishes and while I like the brand this polish gets a thumbs down! Color is more a pale baby blue.... definitely not the pool colored aqua that is pictured. Very disappointing 😞
Never got this product
The ground doesn't fit into the pens hole but even if it did the port on th inside is covered. Cannot take it apart ev n though that is a claim in the description.
Was very excited to get this hair but was sent the wrong Hair. I was sent 3 bundles of straight hair. Instead of 4 bundles wavy. I sent it back to amazon via the lock box and no refund from the seller .
The gallon size listed is totally misleading. Do not purchase. Bogus item. Company should refund my purchase!!!
The makeup is so watery and does not go on well.
Not what I ordered!!!!
Stopped working after a month
I use this body wash and like it. This is the first time I ordered it from Amazon. I am giving 1 star because I am very disappointed with the packaging. The soap had spilled all over.
Not Good as they advertised .
I generally do not write the review of purchased products, but this product is fake. After almost an hour, the smeel (scent) was gone. Don't buy it, and stay away !
This is the second bottle I've ordered in 3 days and both bottles I've received have arrived leaking. The second bottle is worse than the first. The caps are not on tight causing the frankincense to leak out all over the bottle and onto the kraft paper that the box is wrapped in. Before i got the box open that Amazon shipped the items in i could smell it. Not happy as this is now twice. Im afraid to order again
I'm so disappointed and a bit angry, too.... I LOVE this eyeliner and have ordered it twice and been very happy with the quality of the product. Use it every day. I had completely run out and couldn't wait to get my new order. It came today and was obviously USED. See pics. So now not only am I out of eyeliner, but I have to package it up, print a return package label off of Amazon, drive 8 miles away to the nearest Amazon drop off site, and look for a replacement at the nearby drugstore that will suffice until I can figure out what product to buy instead.
I find it very hard to believe and this is the smell that gets such high praise by Youtubers and people on fragrance websites. It smells so cheap and really just bad. It's been a couple of hours since I put it on my wrist now, and it smells like old lady. I expected something similar to D & G Light Blue, but not even close. I seriously don't think Versace would have a product that smells so generic like a $5 scent from Walmart distant family members that you only see twice a year, get you for Christmas. It has to be a fake imitation sample. I wish this stupid Amazon add-on item minimum price limit was more reasonable, I had to get two samples shipped with my polo shirt just to hit the limit because I found a good polo shirt deal. Shame on me.
This is not 100% hyaluronic acid
It smells good and easy to apply buuut the color gets on everything even when dry
Burned my gums immediately after applying. Do not buy
this trimmer come with a weak motor and not even cut my hair. i wish could return it however the return window closed from amazon.
I sweat a lot and this glue didn't keep the lace down on the unit, so it was not a good product for me.
Horrible customer service. I told them we received the bottle and it had leaked all over. I try asking over and over where to send them a picture of it. Finally sent it and never heard a word back from them. Very very poor customer service and we got ripped off with the shampoo that leaked.
Broke after about 4 months with very little usage. Didn't even refill the bottle 3 times!
I bought 2. One arrived broken, the other one had a patch job on the larger stone. Neither one had a book included. Poor quality. Not worth the money. I'm glad I ordered 2 because I took parts off the broken one and put on the patched one. Will not buy again or recommend to anyone.
Lid was not secure. Product leaked everywhere.
This is what you will get ,it s nothing like the photos they have Very disappointed and I don't know how Amazon can back up like those people never order from them check my photos and compare I through it in the trash
I liked the look of the basket, but when I got it it was way smaller then I thought, the picture made it seem like it was larger, I'm sure it smells nice but definitely not worth what I paid I purchased this as a raffle prize but did not donate it as it was so small I returned it
One doesnt work at all. It turns on and immediately shuts off.
This warmer is horrible. Even at the lowest setting the beads were LAVA hot. I used it once and the dial that changes the temp from high to low broke/melted off. The only thing usable was the beads.
Do not buy. It did not fit well on edges and after applying screen protector corner keys are not working. Also We can not return this item.
Bought this for use in felting because olive oil soap works well for this. The overpowering perfume in this soap is very unpleasant and I am unable to get the smell to leave my felted item.
Do not buy this whatever it is. I couldn't tell you what it is mostly water. Just crap. amazon should scrutinize these products more or something because I'm getting tired of returning everything I order it seems like.
My skin were close to blue color and no pigmentation
I don't like the Orange look that it gives to my skin...you gotta put a little on at the time because it drys super fast
I ordered Lemon flavored and they sent me non- flavored ones. They refilled the order and stamped Lemon flavored on the box but "AGAIN" they were non- flavored. I was instructed by an Amazon rep not order again. Not very happy at all!!!
If I could rate lower I would this was not what was in the picture
I haven't received it. Calling Amazon tomorrow
What you receive is half the size of what is pictured. Very dissappointed
The shampoo was extremely thick and was missing about 20%, which led me to believe it was old. I contacted Tigi, the manufacturer, and they informed me they have not made this product in over 8 years, since they were bought by Unilever. In addition, they suggested I throw it out. This product should not be for sale.
I am beyond upset!! The tools do not fit into the the machine and it is absolutely ridiculous!! Why give me something that I won't be able to use! I demand you send me something that fits inside of this machine!!! I only rated one star because I HAD to!!
Tried this out dry first and the power behind the brush is weak. Any pressure at all and it stops spinning. Bristles are rough even on my palm.
The order was for a pack of 6 and only 1 was delivered
It may just be me but I have only used it once which was last night and i woke up with bumps on my eyes, and it's very painful. I have a few other friends that use this exact brand and it works great for them with no issues at all so I feel I am just very sensitive to my eyes. I wish I could give it 5 stars but I'm allergic to this. My friends were able to give you 5 starts and before and after pictures and it was successful for all of them.
This is the third product I have ordered from Amazon from different suppliers and every single one looks orangey. I have a medium complexion blond hair and gray eyes and I've never run into this issue with foundation. I wanted something later than foundation.... but I'm just sick and tired of ordering and sending stuff back. I've ordered plenty of foundation blush concealer from Amazon with no issues whatsoever but this BB cream is a mystery to me. Back it goes
While using the product it blow up a large electric surge and pop as I curling my hair. I drop it immediately I experienced pain in my arm after the electric surge.
Received this and the Black was broken and all over the other colors my daughter ordered it for her sisters Christmas present and was very upset now we will have to buy her something else before Christmas
a set came quickly, opened the package, and there the air conditioner poured out of the can was broken. In fact, have not tried
To be fair I haven't had a chance to try the product!! When I got the cream, it had exploded in the bag! All of the other items shipped with it were fine. Usually it's no big deal, I would just return it and get a replacement but there are NO returns allowed on this product!! Pretty lame, I'm not a fan of spending money on damaged goods.
I couldn't use it. It was all broke up.
Works nothing like the claim it does
I don't know where all these good reviews are coming from!! These people must be getting paid!!! This soap is ALL water!! It runs through my fingers before I can even get my hands together!! No lather at all!!! DON'T BUY THIS SOAP!!!! WASTE OF MONEY!!!
It broke after I used it twice. It was also super hard to turn on and where the batteries are it got super gross after getting wet.
the wig looks nothing like the picture. the hair is very thin and the hair line is not even close to the pic. the wig is also shorter than the pice.
Did not do what it claimed. Left my face oily and did not match my complexion
Omg! DO NOT BUY! It leaves a stain on my underarms... Terrible!!!!
This product was definitely not authentic. It was thick like lotion or conditioner and not liquid. I had to return it.
I ordered 2 bottles and both had a very light scent. Hardly any scent. I've bought this perfume for more than 40 years. First time this happened. Very disappointing When I called to get refund, I was told I had to pay for return shipping. Pay for return shipping for a defective item?? I'll never order from this company again. Buyer Beware! Zero stars
Did not receive product that is pictured. Received 2 lipsticks and not 4.
I never received item.
Haven't had luck getting these to stick well enough to make any impact on my wrinkles.
Do not EVER use this. I had beautiful long hair, which all fell/broke off. I've used even 30 before of different brands and never had an issue. I will never buy again
Don't waste your time/money. Patches dont work and it seems like the sticky stuff they use is super glue. Very painful taking patch off your stomach
Soft and absorbent but not long enough to wrap around your head. Possibly long enough for a child's head. Keeping them but wouldn't recommend or purchase again.
It's bulky and can't cover up the end with my hair and it's extremely long , which it says you can cut but I'm sure would look very blunt if your not a hairdresser. It was cheap but not the point . No returns
I am starting to questions the reviews on this website, as it's clear to me that when it comes to magical products that make you re-grow hair, it would be wiser to actually read the negative reviews first. Basically I have used the bottle for almost 2 months now, and I don't even see a remotely single hair attempting to grow back on the back of my head, and mind you I still have thin hair there, so not like completely bald, but this shampoo does nothing besides leave a nice minty smell. I will not buy it again because it does nothing for me, so if you want to spend $60+ for this 'miracle product', good luck to you, I will go ahead and shave my head completely to cover the baldness with more baldness, easier and free.
99% of my nail polish bottles didn't fit. I threw it away.
Not as good as advertise at all.
Product didn't work, would not spin the blades. Motor turned but didn't connect properly to blades
busted not worth it came torn in half
Dead on arrival and customer service is useless. Though the watch never worked, they want me to pay return postage to send it back for refund. I'D HIGHLY RECOMMEND NOT USING THIS SELLER. BEWARE OR YOU'LL GET STUCK WITH USELESS PIECE OF CRAP.
Not worth the money. I ment to return it and waited too long. The bikini trimmer cut me and yes it cut my leg hair nice but not $30 better than the more reasonably priced shavers. I spent the extra money really for the bikini trimmer and I don't even use that attachment.
Terrible products. I bought these for my wigs and each time I take the wig off, the stands falls over and the top ring falls off. Won't clip into place and stay. Unless you're going to never move the stand, it's not worth it. Also all six of the stands have white streaks in the black plastic making it look dirty. Very dissatisfied.
They lacked any kind of moisture: wouldn't stay in my face they were so dry! Returning if possible!
Broke the first day. Very cheap
The quality of these razors were extremely bad,blades were bent and were not as sharp as normal.
First off, this is my favorite face wash. It works great for my sensitive skin, I get allergic reactions from beauty products very easily so when I find something that agrees with me I stick with it! Plus it smells amazing. I have bought it many times at Target so I was excited to find it on Amazon for a few dollars cheaper. This is where the 1 star comes in: Unfortunately the bottle I received wasn't the correct product. The actual bottle looked the same, but it was missing the foil seal (suspicious), the consistency was slightly more watery, and it didn't have the usual coconut-ey scent. I knew right away it wasn't right. Maybe the alternative product works for other people, or maybe I got a rare defective one, but I wasn't willing to risk a flare-up for the sake of a few dollars. Amazon refunded me without question and I'll be going back to Target for my next bottle. I recommend the real version of this face wash, it's my holy Grail! But buyer beware on Amazon.
Do not buy this mascara. Mine was just a dried up bottle of NOTHING. I even tried adding a tiny drop of water but it didn't help. This was like throwing money out the window
I have no idea how these 5 star reviews came. I received two crochets that have been broken after using them once and have not even finished my dread, not durable at all, junk! Very disappointed!
Wanted to like this one due to the cause. My wife convinced me to go with this one and not our normal oatmeal aloe. Bad reaction to our small dog, had a rash and was itching like crazy. Smelled good but doesn't last. Tweak your ingredients.
Low quality. Does the work tho.
Used it for three weeks, no change in my face.
This thing is possessed! It turns on in the middle of the night and won't turn off. I'm assuming there's something wrong with the on-off button sticking. Will be returning.
I don't really like the dark gray color and the tiny backs are so thin they kept falling off. I'd had magnetic earrings before and loved them, but these are not as flattering. Save your money.
I purchased this back in April of 2018. In less than a year (Jan 2019) will not work! Amazon was no help but to refer me to the manufacturers website for support. Multiple emails and forms filled on their website to no avail. Very disappointed! Waste of money! My best advise is DO NOT BUY!!!
I ordered four of these and three of the tops do not dispense the liquid in the bottle. I ordered another brand that has glass bottles and dispensers that work. Very disappointed.
We never got to use this product as it was frozen in our mail box
Both pump tops where broken when delivered.
I really wanted to like this sunscreen. It has a nice, light scent and went on smoothly. After a day of using it, my arms started itching. At first I thought it might be a bug bite. The next day I woke up with an angry red rash everywhere I had applied this sunscreen. It took several days for the rash to clear up.
Product won't make it through shipping and is not eligible for returns unfortunately I can not review the actual product but will try to salvage the remainder and update my review on the product it self.
A clip that hook to the vent broke right away. Very cheap
This is a fake...not the original I used to buy. Smelled so awful...went straight into the trash.
Please be aware that you CANNOT RETURN THIS ITEM, even if it arrives defective, missing parts, etc. BUYER BEWARE.
Bottle leaked seller blamed on amazon for bad packaging, suggested to contact amazon instead getting the issue sorted?
Totally failed to give any color on my gray hair. I left it for 5 hours but there was no color. Just wasted my money as well as my times. Not buying it again.
Not as big as in the picture + different Colors if that matters.
Too wide and not cute. Don't stay on your head.
Not the color I was hoping for.
Amazon sucks you should spend your money at small businesses so real people benefit from your business instead of this mega corporation that doesn't give a shit about anyone
Cheap, kind of sharp. Very uncomfortable to use and we don't have sensitive gums.
I bought this product to save money by doing my own nails at home. It, however, does not work. The lamp will not turn on. I tried many different outlets thinking it would help, it did not. The prongs on the cord that it came with were bent and appear to be very cheap metal. Unfortunately I am out of time to return the product so, I am out $44. If anyone else buys this product, please test it out as soon as you receive it to avoid losing out like I did.
And of course sits on the skin surrounding your nostrils so there's no way to ignore it. Suggest buying locally as I will do from now on so I can see if the product smells too strong. This is listed on the box and in the Amazon ad as dermatologist tested, which to me implies it will contain only active needed ingredients for the described effect-- not lots of icky non-essential perfume scent.
These nail files are very cheap and they don't hold up, worse than cardboard nail files, don't waste you money.
I am only giving 1 star for this product because I was looking for a facial wash. To me this seems more like an astringent because you have to put it on a cotton ball and although it says, 'no need to wipe your face" on the directions, I don't know of any other way to do it. Dabbing sure isn't going to do the trick. As well, you are to avoid the eyes. Now this is suppose to help remove make-up, I guess they didn't mean eye make-up. For me this product is rather useless. Although others may find it quite suitable for them.
Did not stay or dry in my hair. Stained my hands, but not my hair.
The lace had already been cut. The hair did not feel like Italian Yaki. The hair was already dyed. Plus the packaging was wrong!
Unit was soft but didnt last a week!
this has no clip to hold your hair down as you curl it, it came with a glove to hold your hair which burned my fingers , then come to find out I can not send it back so don't order this !
Was looking forward to not having to wear mascara. I have to say, I was not impressed. I couldn't even tell I had tinted my lashes at all.
I ordered this item and received something completely different!! And I have no way to contact anyone to fix it. Product might work just never received the correct one.
It didn't work. All it did was make my skin break out and hurt me.
Nope. Not good. Smells cheap. Gave it away.
This is not the product I even ordered. I ordered the floss action and recieved this instead.
Ordered than a sheet time later requested to cancel the order Hate amazon : qvc & hsn send the return label inside the order Amazon refused to cancel the order , item was not shipped I'm asked to rate the order , I did not want it . I'm very disappointed, that's not the first time It's very inconvenient for me to send it back
Did no whitening and burned my gums. Left it on for 5 entirely painful minutes.
Product arrived in a smashed tin that was crushed and difficult to open, will never purchase again
I don't know why this smelled so bad to me. I have smelled it before and remember it being much fresher, not so musky and heavy. I actually wanted to return it, which was not going to be easy as I had opened one and this is a seriously big bottle of stuff. The other one, I didn't open, but still, a lot of liquid to repackage and return. I requested a return, but the seller took over a week to contact me, and by that time I just decided to keep it, use the opened one and gave the unopened one away. Smell is very subjective. Someone else may think this is heavenly, but not for me. Will not buy again.
This product barely shows up on my eyelid, even after applying multiple layers. Not to mention, the fall-out is terrible. I attempted to use this once and I never will again. I might give it to my 4 year old niece to play makeup with her friends.
I really liked how this dryer works, except it was exceptionally loud. I could hear the motor grinding, and sure enough after only using it a few times, I smelled a burning odor and then it stopped working completely. Too late to return, so it was a total waste of money.
NEVER RECEIVED ITEM after over 1 month!
Doesn't work.. Don't waste your money on this product.....gave me u rash after use it for 1 month
This was HORRIBLE and was dried up when I recieved it and took months to get it then another 6 weeks to FINALLY get someone to give me a refund but had to threaten them first..
Hi, I followed the instructions to a T, the result is disappointing, it gave me a light yellow green hair. I don't recommend
Less than half full...Bottle arrived with most of the bottle empty.
Half way full and some dried
Will not stay in my hair. It fell off and hit the floor. I would say if you have BIG hair.....curly it might work but not for straight hair.
The hair was very processed. Used a 40 developer and only ONE bundle lifted to about a 30. Left the the bleach on the other bundle for 20 minutes with no results. It's good to use for its natural state but do not buy if you plan on changing the color
These are tiny samples. They are barely enough to shave with more then twice. This item is WAY overpriced! I have purchased a lot of shaving cream from Taylor of old and bought these kits stocking stuffers for Christmas. Very disappointed. This kit should cost 12 dollars not 36. I will never do business with west coast shaving again. Do yourself a favor and find a different vendor.
This review is for Amazon shipping department vs. the product line. I like this product so order it often from another source with no issues. Tried Amazon to save on shipping costs...Two shipped, one arrived completely damaged and unusable. They came together in the same package so the only way this could have happened is if one was dropped prior to it going into the box for shipping. I use this product all the time and the only way for it to break like that is if you drop it on the floor or if it's old/past it's shelf life. Worse part is that there was no option available to return it or file a claim. Will go back to my previous vendor and just pay for shipping.
Very disappointed with Amazon.. I love Beautiful perfume and was excited to receive this but it smelled nothing like the Beautiful I know.
Never received the product and it's showing delivered
It looked like my $58 Phillips replacement that I'd been using When I shaved I was extremely sore my face actually hurt. It was close shave but when I splashed on lectric shave it was so painful it startled me. A poor imitation of a Phillips head. After the shave I reordered the original. Don't wast your face or your money.
Watery texture. Immediately caused severe itching upon first application. I had to wash it off after 5 minutes.
Looks and feels fine however when we replaced one and tried brushing with it they slide off during normal brushing.
The eyelashes are HUGE.... the magnet part worked great on my hand as practice, but I could never get them to stick on my eyes. I do like the jet black liner though, when it's still wet, it tends to flake off easily after a while
They are cheep pieces of crap that broke with in a week.
Used once. It leaked terribly.
Half the bottle was gone smells very strong made me very nauseous
Terrible smell that really stays on. I thought the clear and gentle look and labeling would imply a lighter scent too, but it does not.
I received the item in a box that was leaking. The whole serum was wasted and I cant even return it on Amazon!
This item does not get the hairs out, I missed the return date or I would have returned it.
Easy to install but the corners doesn't fit
Horrible shipping time
Poor quality and can't achieve shape needed to look natural. Wasted money.
Plates are not as advertised they are more like coasters very disappointed 😢
This device died in within 12 months
I Didn't Mind That The Tweezers Were Going To Look A Little Used But I Am DEFINITELY Upset That The Products I Was Expecting To Get Were Different Then What I Received. I Was Supposed To Received THREE Curved Pair (Like In The Pictures) But Instead Received 3 Straight Pair. I Didn't Need Or Want Any Extra Straight Pair As I ALREADY Have Some. I Am Completely Disappointed.
The product itself is wonderful, but receiving it in tact is the issue here. Not eligible for a refund or replacement.
Do not purchase! You are wasting time even looking at this product! I'm so disappointed I tried multiple times to mold my teeth to these things and none of them worked! I want all of my 8 bucks back
More than 1/2 missing...first time ever it was shipped w/out tape on top, and w/out being placed in plastic bag. Very poor shipping
it does fit most of dryer but I have to put my long hair in the cup instead of just put this diffuser on bottom of my long hair. I wish i could return this. it it not recommend.
This gets EVERYWHERE. If I used it in the shower, I had to stay longer to rinse the tub and the walls. How did it get on the walls? I don't know. I've been using this for weeks and have not seen any change in my teeth. Just go buy whitening strips.
Never received item. Stated it was shipped but never received
HORRIBLE!! This stuff is like glue! I've used whitening strips for years... these are garbage
Doesn't remove hair, only cuts it. I went over the same small area for at least 15 minutes and still had stubble everywhere. $100 is a lot of money for something that doesn't work!
I've used this product for year, but this seller must be selling expired products. It didn't work. It just irritated my skin. Steer clear.
Broke after a month. DONT BUY!
I received this first and it was completely damaged. I requested that it be resent and it again came damaged. I'm not happy and do not recommend.
Buy something else. The material is to thick, the touch screen does not recognize my touch unless I press down hard and the glass did not stick to my screen longer than 7 days
It's a nice little set up but the polish comes off very easily. Peels off in one whole piece and doesnt even last as long as regular polish. I've had this system for a few weeks now and have tried other "salon quality" polishes to see if I can make it work. No such luck, wish I could return it. Kind of a waste.
It came broken and opened.
Too Bushy, the lashes aren't straight like there's hair that touch almost your eyebrow. Would not recommend.
There is always fall out, very clumpy and always smudges. 11$ mascara works a lot better.
Waste of money it has a floral smell. Wouldn't recommend it. It stinks!
This splint is not good for pulling hair . It doesn't have much effect after use.
Smells horrible!!! Too strong! Like old lady perfume!! Never again!
It would have been great had I actually received the Magic Finish Spray...instead you sent me something completely different that I did not order!!
Great item, terrible delivery. 1st order damaged. Second delivered to wrong address. Unacceptable.
I did not recieve item. It was a big misunderstanding with delivery
To hard to put on and they fall off easy
While in theory this is a great straightener, in that it heats up super quickly and has a holder to keep it in while it's getting hot, you better just hope for one that works right because you'll get no help if it doesn't. Mine worked great for the first few weeks, and then guess what? Just as the 30-day return window closed, it began to turn off automatically and repeatedly as I was trying to style my hair. Amazon will not take it back, and Conair will charge me to ship it to the warehouse for a part replacement, and charge me again to ship it back to my home. It's hardly worth that much. Feeling very frustrated because I've come to count on Amazon to provide much better customer service than this.
Product arrived broken and dislodged from tube! Unusable.
Package came in and the the bottles was open in the package and all the shampoo was spell out 😡😡
I had high hopes, but these did not work out for me. I have metatarsalgia due to arthritis, I get pain in my toe knuckles. So far the only thing that makes it possible for me to walk some days is the memory foam in my sketcher sneakers. I ordered these toe pads hoping they would cushion the ball of my foot. They don't. In fact, they don't feel cushiony at all, they feel solid.
I really liked this toothbrush, but it gave up the ghost after just three months. It began as what I think was probably a bad contact somewhere, where the brush would just randomly stop spinning in the middle of brushing, and then became completely useless after a couple weeks of this behavior. It doesn't seem like a good investment if you're interested in longevity. Too bad!
Horrible the women's version smells great. It smells like cheap cologne!
not good. do not get it
I was not sent the Helen of Troy product I ordered. Sent a cheap black in color hot air brush. Very disappointed that you swapped out for something I did not order.
This product did not work for me at all. I'm not even using glitter--just regular shadow and liner. After a few hours my makeup smudged all over my eyelid and half of it was just plain gone. Better off not using any of it if that's how "well" it works. I've used several other brands in the past that work SO WELL but I though I'd give this a try since it had such a great reviews and price. Not even worth the $4.99.
The item never arrived. I asked for a refund and my request was ignored.
Got sent a door stop instead of brush. Like really??
So pretty, but barely sticks on your body. Being a gel, I thought it would stick more. It does when applying but doesn't really stay unfortunately, and I used A LOT of it.
This product is a waste of money did not work still have not use them to not buy them
Settles in the creases under my eyes and makes me look like I've been on a bender. Do not recommend.
I want to return this product. I gave as a christmas present and the person I gave it too just opened the box. The item is horrible looking. Does not look new. Can I return this or send it back for a new one?
Have not used it yet.
Horrible this item is showed as individual packaging but when it comes it comes 4 3 packs definitely isn't what I bought
I've used an Oral B for years. It quit working and my dentist suggested a Sonic. I do love the timer on it! However, it doesn't clean my teeth very well. I don't know if it's just this model or not. I'll pogo back to Oral B as my teeth always felt clean.
Smells really strong (not in a good way). Did nothing but dry out my hair. Actually made it have less body. Don't recommend.
They send me 3 hairsprays instead. NOT what I ordered and it's a bit of a pain to ship them back because I'm not near a UPS.
FAKE FAKE FAKE!!!!!!!!!! Not real ESSIE product! Stains your fingers and clothes and basically anything it touches turns yellow, this product dried out my cuticles!
The delivered the wrong item :/. This is what I got.
The sent is way too powerful. I cannot use it and don't know why anyone would want their deodorant to be smelled from feet away.
Lace tore as soon as heat was applied to the hair.
Not very comfortable. At night when you sleep you loose them because they do not hold or mold to your mouth. They are expensive and they don't do a good job
Knots very easily. I only wore it once
Have yet to receive this package. Placed with another order and this is the only thing we haven't received postal service now saying delayed and an address change was requested or address was incorrect but received other three items I ordered when I ordered this.
Light doesn't work. Returning this product.
Shook and opened up one of the vials to take a wiff, It smelled like a stagnant pond in the middle of a hot summer day. Gross. Save your money.
These are terrible. Watered down. Cheap. And doesn't work.
Not the product that it shows. Had to return.
Terrible customer service Seller: Fashion House Discount Ordered the lavender vanilla, received original. Reached out to the seller and they said they would look into it.. ok fine. This was Oct 5. It's now Oct 21 and I have not heard anything back from the seller. Seems like they wrote me off hoping I'd just forget about their mistake. Original scent... Smells like lemon verbena. Not sure if diluted or not but didn't work as expected. Also, did anyone else notice it leaks? When you depress the button, the liquid squeezes out the bottom of the spray cap thing and runs down the bottle.
This product does not stay on for longer than 30 minutes. I thought it was just the one I had opened, but I tried a second one and experienced the same issues. I even attempted all of the troubleshooting tips in the instructions and nothing helped. Although it's pretty....it's a product that doesn't do its job.
Upon ordering this crystal deodorant I am really found out that they sent me the wrong deodorant I haven't tried it yet but they sent me the wrong item
Arrived dented and somewhat horrible material
Never received the perfume, got toilette?
gave me the biggest pimple I've ever had and when i say that it was like a spider bite i mean it !! And i had small pimples all over my face after two uses.
I ordered two, they came dented, and there's no return option. How about a refund, then?!
Extremely small and the pads do not stick to the clothing AT ALL. I had an extremely embarrassing moment where a pad that I had only put on about 30 minutes before fell out of my shirt in front of coworkers. Did not absorb ANYTHING. Completely useless.
Do not buy the vanish ultra. I got rash from this product. I have been itching like a crazy person.
Came leaking in package and so sticky. Smells gross also.
Stopped working just after the returned window closed. My husband keeps his beard trimmed. Probably used about 8 times and then it would not work. Terrible quality. Do not buy!
I didn't even get to use the product because it was shipped in a bag and it burst while being delivered, soaking all my other mail. Disappointed.
waste of time, weak power, and you cannot even do your all mouth with one fill up, do not recommend, arrive on time get him 1 start
The top of the razor won't stay latched closed. Made of cheap plastic and the latch to seal the top to the body of the razor broke in less than 6 months.
So painful!!!! Didn't even help me!
For all the hype I was pretty disappointed. I had heard over and over how great these were. I had no luck. I have fine hair and this made the ends look super unhealthy. There was nothing smooth about them. Returned.
Like many others, I have never had an issue when I used JFM purchased in a CVS store. The boxes I purchased on Amazon have caused redness, burning, and itchiness for days each time I used it. We should be allowed to return this potentially dangerous product. Maybe Amazon got its hands on a bad batch. Whatever the reason, we should not have to be out any money spent on this dangerous product. I have obviously stopped using it. I may try a store bought box one more time, although I am a bit scared.
Grit is to big damaged nails.
I ordered this bundle and the package showed up completely empty. Was issued a refund and reordered. Empty again! Very unusual. Maybe not the seller's fault but so frustrating.
This is my first time buying from this company, the perfumes is fake or expired it Doesn't have any smell to it looks like water.
I bought this damn thing so that I wouldn't have to style it. So much for that
The product is very cheap. The synthetic wax that is used to lift the hair is left on your skin in large patches. Veet provided easy to remove wax wipes. However, those did not work. I wasn't even able to lift the pink substance with professional grade wax remover. The pink "wax" continues to melt into your skin as you try to scrape it off. Used one out of 40 packages and Amazon won't allow me to return the product. Thanks for nothing Veet. P.S. the product also did not fully remove the hair from tested areas.
I would have liked it if I did not get the wrong item. I ordered the anti-aging, hydrating and rejuvenating lotion and received a different one for dry skin. And this product is NOT eligible for return.
Sheds like crazy..and I absolutely hate this wig!!!!
This broke my face out after 2 nights and left it red after one night. Def not for sensitive skin types. Disappointed to have spent 20 to not be able to use.
This is nothing like the last time I ordered from a different company. This is super liquidy and does not over at all. This is knock off product
I'm not sure if this is a fake, a reformulation, or if it was stored in a warehouse in super hot conditions and ruined. The packaging, bottle, and markings all seemed to be legit, I noticed the sprayer nozzle wasn't lined up with the hole in the outer metal casing of the sprayer. I had to take it apart and realign it. With that fixed, it STILL didn't spray right. The spray is very wide, and you have to push down super fast, if you push down normally, the spray just kind of squirts out like a squirt gun and drizzles all over the bottle. The smell is great but only lasts for 20 minutes on paper and on skin. Idk what is going wrong with it but I've had this fragrance before in the past and I never had these problems with it, and it used to last up to 8 hours on me. The worst part is its unreturnable because it's considered a hazardous liquid. I have already started to use this as a bathroom freshener because it isn't cutting it as a fragrance.
Not sealed what so ever.. No seal under cap either. Bottle is warped.. Also looks like product is missing from bottle. I'm kinda scared to use it.
Purchased to try to remove my facial hair as my skin and hair colors meet per product specification and used as recommended but this product does not slow down or remove my leg hair after using it for almost a month.
Perfect for shaving. Holds all the hair so it doesn't go everywhere. Holds onto the mirror well and does it's job
As an exclusive user of this product for the last few years, (because I love the brush and how it applies) I can honestly say this product has turned to shit in the last year. I don't know what changed, but you'd think I would get more than 5 uses out of the tube before it dries up and gets all gross. I use this product every day, so 5 uses is unacceptable. Will not be buying again.
Really only 2 colors, very dark and pink.
The smaller roller broke off after using twice (no dropping). Horrible quality
It came broken!!! And right when I opened the black one just went every where I'm so mad.
No good, fel apart after few use
I've used multiple drugstore moisturizers (including those generic brands) but nothing made me break out like Aveeno Clear Complexion. I tried to rule it out by using different moisturizers throughout the month to identify which one was giving me such intense breakouts/rashes/redness, and it is definitely Aveeno. My skin type isn't what I would consider “sensitive”, but my god, this moisturizer caused so much redness like no other.
No where it says that these have a big gap and these arnt bobby pins
Arrived in a small bottle, no pump and it is extremely drying
I ordered green contact lenses instead I got honey color and took longer then it was advertised. It comes from far away and to start dealing with a return now it's not worth it I lost $13 never will buy from this place again!
Looks used came with finger prints and what looks like product and can't return. Thanks for nothing!!!
I loved how this looked and felt assured because of all the positive reviews, HOWEVER, it only lasted two times. I wrote the company asking if they would replace it (because I kept it a while before using it so the return window was closed). I never heard a word back so I don't know if this is yet another company from China with no customer service but it's a LOT of money to pay for a useless table ornament.
I have dry skin and eczema, and was hoping to replace my $30 Clinique jars with a cheaper alternative moisturizer. I decided on this one but unfortunately I had to return this item. This burned my skin badly when applied after my shower. Even though it claims to be free of dyes, parabens, etc, it definitely contains strong fragrance (as noted on the ingredients list), and maybe that could be the factor for burning. For now I will continue using my Clinique lotion and search for an alternative.
Very disappointed with this product, took a very long time to heat up and even then the level of steam was minimal
I didn't like this shampoo and conditioner at all. It dried out my hair and I had scabs all over my head and forehead. Huge waste of money!
This product does not work good at all. It doesn't cut close and even with batteries it runs very slow..
Got the worst scars using this shit.
Horrible hair I was sent a 8inch frontal and ordered a 12inch frontal the frontal is thinning do not buy keep your money or buy from somewhere else
I order 2 packs. Did not do what it said it would. My mouth was still dry. And the taste was Not Good! I will never buy this again!
i couldn't get it open.. does anyone know how?
Used one time and the larger clippers broke on the first go around.
This is a fake..buyer beware it will damage your hair!
Hair sticks bad to this apron. Wouldnt recommend it.
I don't receive the product???
Settles in lines, not a soft finish. Will not buy again
Well this is a first! Opened my package to find nothing inside!!! Guess I'll be taking these off my list, lol.
Do not order this item. It is not the item pictured. I ordered the premium ones like the picture shows, but received the lower quality rounds. And it won't let me return it! :(
I have used this in the past and it was always thick. This time it's very thin, like it was already watered down. Did they change the formula or was my bottle tampered with?
I bought this cause our puppy chewed the cord on my old one. Did some research and bought this one. Big mistake! The epilator curves in. Which makes it hard to get the hair cause it dont touch your skin. If it were flat it would be a good product.
Bought this to use as a facial lotion as I have sensitive and reactive skin. Unfortunately it was too oily for use on the face and caused a breakout, perhaps it's the avocado oil? Not sure. I downgraded it to a body lotion, but using on my legs after a shave produced a noticeable burning sensation (I don't have this problem with any other lotions after shaving) so I will probably be using up on my hands, and giving the second bottle away. Not recommended for oily, sensitive or acne prone skin.
I tried this on my legs and it did not remove the hair
I bought this believing I was getting 4 bottles. This item showed next to a listing for 4 bottles. I received one bottle. I can buy one bottle locally for much less. Also the bottle leaked inside the packaging and was sticky on the outside of the bottle and I had to rinse it. From the looks of it, I may have lost up to one ounce of the over priced kids mouthwash.
Don't waste your money on this. The cologne came in the mail today and I sprayed on my clothes, now I smell like I wear women's perfume. This smells something like a women's perfume than men's cologne
Didn't work for my hair at all like the shampoo and the conditioner. It made my hair dry
I bought this because of the pic of the pretty long normal looking hair. I tried it and it felt like I put silver clay in my hair. It looked plastic and felt worse. If you are looking for a look like the guy with the short hair then this stuff will work...but that's about it.
Lid was broke when receiving it..
Does NOT come with the storage box as pictured ...I only received 2 replacement packs of 25 thus making the cost 50% move than the other replacement packs listed on the same page.
Feels very heavy and blocks your pores, will not be buying this product again.
They look blurry and it's literally only one Small card board i thought it would at least be 2
Very disappointing mascara. I don't know if it wa old but the mascara was pretty dry. It was difficult to get any product on my lashes. What I did manage to apply was clumpy.
Smells nice but leaves my hair with lots of flakes
This product is difficult to put on even with the tool. I purchased it but am unable to use it, even after watching the videos. The texture is quite hard.
Will never buy again. I picked my own flavors, The day I was makeing candy I open package to find none of the flavors I order. Should of looked when package came.
I didn't get a chance to try. Seal was already broken upon opening & was sent a request to return upon notifying Amazon.
I was sooooo hopeful for this product by it was delivered with a huge crack on the side
All 4 anklets that I purchased broke in less than two weeks. If you are wanting these for a 1 time wear then these will work great for you. If you are wanting multiply wears, then I would make another choice.
Don't waste your money.
Very strong horrible scent to this product. It gave me a headache. It also did nothing to hold my hair. It looked very frizzy instead of having nice smooth waves. Will never use this again. I really wish I could return it, but unfortunately it's not returnable.
I am using this product every night for 2 months as the manufacturer says and my eyelashes did not grow one millimeter.
Awful. Sticky heaven formula that left my hair nastier than before I used it. Did not act as a dry shampoo at all, and that's it's One Job.
I like this one because it is unique. The problem is I used it 3 times before it started leaking water. It appears to be coming from the bottom. As soon as I turn it on it starts leaking. I want to return it for a replacement. Thank you, Ruby Wright
I'm still waiting for my package I need to know what happened it I weigh my package 2 months so I now I pay my own money I need my money back while I'm out
I usually don't write reviews....but this product smelled so disgusting...like burnt rubber.
Ordered this and it was awful! 5 duplicates of 1 and the smell was horrible! Christmas scents... hello its freaking March! Will not buy again and will not let anybody I know buy these! For the price what I got was ridiculous!! Should be ashamed to send somebody crap like this!!
I just got this today it came with a usb cord option or you can put batteries in but the lights do not work!
Hated it very hard to stay in one place
I've been sick ever since I used it one time when I received it. Diarrhea. Would not recommend it.
Omg! Well let's start by saying you get what you pay for. This stand is horrible. I used it once. I goes to use it again, pieces are falling apart. First and last buy ever again.
My order ended up lost so I NEVER received it. But I was refunded. Still disappointed.
This green one did NOT feel anything like my 20 other Beauty Blenders. It is very porous and rough. I don't believe this is an authentic brand - beware!!
How do you forget to put the water tank inside.... super excited to use this but now I have to return it. What an inconvenience and a waste of my time to drive and drop this off just to receive my refund.
Teeth are extremely flimsy & far too thin for textured hair. Ended up throwing it out because all the teeth bent while trying to get it to fasten. A big waste of money. I could kick myself...
I purchased this wig and it was supposed to be 18inches 150 density.. Th length was correct but there's no way this is 150 density. It's soft but very thin.. I've purchased many wigs and I always get 150 density because my own hair's thick so that's what I prefer. This is the thinnest 150 density wig I've ever purchased... I'm not happy about this so I gave one star. First review ever for me.
What happened to my order that supposed to be here today
This was not what I was expecting at all. It is supposed to be four sided but all 4 side are exactly the same and just feel like a block of foam. Completely useless for doing anything to your nails.
If you like filling it up every 2-3 it's great. All the light settings are too bright at night, you have to cycle through all the colors & brightness levels to turn the light off. It is nice with the auto shut off. I'm returning it for a much larger tank capacity tank.
I ordered the light shade. For a light color it is very dark and orange. I put on light layers because it was so orange. Once on it felt greasy and heavy. So if you tend towards oily skin I would stay away from this product.
HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT! I LOVE the product - and would have really loved it had the LEAD part not fallen out rendering it USELESS. I am SO disappointed as I was really enjoying using it. NOW I find that it is not eligible for return/replacement. So I have wasted $12 of my money!!!! I LOVE the way it works - just not worth having it for ONE WEEK before it breaks!
I purchased 3c hair and hair is more of 4b hair so it does not work for me.
My hair came out orange. Not any way close to light brown.
This wig is not worth 21$ . Looks way too fake. Have found better on amazon for 21$ doesn't fit right
Dries out your lips (so bad so that I had sores on my mouth after using this), color is not great, smells terrible. Do yourself a favor and skip this one. I hated it so much that I may never use another Rimmel product again.
I don't know what product I got, but it's not like any mineral veil I've ever gotten before. I have been using this product for more than 10 years, and nothing about what I got reminds me of what I'm used to using on a daily basis. First off, it has a distinct smell. It's the wrong texture, and it's also the wrong color. To top it off, it doesn't come out of the container well. Short of having tests done, I can't be sure what it is, but is sure reminds me of baby powder. Regardless, since I don't know what it is, there is NO WAY I'll be putting this on my face.
Never received it although I love the product
Don't buy. Supper watery can't work with it. Even for beginners.
Arrived totally damaged and bent in several places, sharp edges, missing rhinestones. Junk
terrible does not suds up at all
I wish I could give this no star at all. This oil doesn't look anything close to the other jojoba oil I have bought before. This oil is greasy and smells like a mixture of olive oil and some other cooking oil!! This is too fishy. 😡
It's expired and so hard you can't even get any out of container!!! Even tried hot water ontop to soften it up and it didn't work at all! So disappointed!
Awful and it was fake! I wondering why it was only 54 bucks so disappointed! Not sure about the reviews but the one I received wasn't real.
Advertised as two bottles but only received one. Have contacted customer service twice but have not received missing bottle.
Orange scent makes me smell like fried food. I guess I'll go back to the lemongrass scent.
Clearly not packaged correctly and after sending a message asking how I'm supposed to return it looking like this I still haven't heard back. I am usually never one to complain but I had to share. Very disappointed
I am afraid to try it? The seal looks almost burnt on the inside. I was going to make toothpaste with it but when I opened it to do so it doesn't look right 😒
product doesn't work. poor design
the worst...impossible to use without...the magnets kept poking my in the eye!
Can you resend this? there was nothing in the box?
Couldn't figure it out, daughter didn't want that plastic piece still in braid.
Don't buy this. Have had for a week so far, has 0 output. Have had better tea lite candle lit oil burners! Waste!!
These aren't even “kid” sized, they're bigger than mine for my head
You pay for 6 but only receive 1 and have no way of contacting the seller! Don't buy this.
I opened this new package and it was almost half empty!
I never received the product even after contacting the seller.
Doesn't work. I thought it did there for a few weeks but I think I was just hoping I was seeing results.
I've been using the Schick Hydro Silk razors for years. I often use the regular but sometimes switch to the Sensitive skin version. I have very sensitive skin and eczema. I bought the Schick Hydro Silk razor refills for sensitive skin and they're terrible! I don't know if it's just these particular refills from this particular seller but they tore up my legs. My skin burns after I shave and there's no moisturizer on the razor blades, which there should be. I'm disappointed by these.
Not at all what they used to be
I am looking to contact the seller, I have had this machine for 6 months and have done five tattoos. I was very happy with it until last night in the middle of a tattoo it just stopped working. The motor burnt up in it. I am very unhappy and would like to give the seller a chance to redeem themselves before I write to bad of review.
Not as described. Much smaller than the given dimensions. Very disappointed in this purchase
Tried to use this twice and every time I did I would loses lashes.
this product was horrible. it advertises smooth matte...omg its like rubbing sharp #2 pencil on my lips. i hate this producr wouldnt recommend it to anyone!
My goal was to relax my natural curl pattern with a more gentle product... This was NOT the answer! I just washed my hair for the 1st time since my stylist processed my hair & it was coming out in clumps. 😳 My hair grows back fairly quickly... I just hope the thickness returns with the length!
Ok this is not for sensitive skin. About 5 minutes after I put this on, my face started burning. I had to wash it off right away. Has a strong smell
I'm not sure who writes the reviews on this makeup. Save your money, it's like grease on your face and comes off on everything.
The roller came apart after just a week of gentle, slow rolling. It appeared to be attached to the handle with little more than a thin layer of glue. I could have bought the same thing for 1/3 the price at the local Ross and for all I know it would have actually held together. This was disappointing and a waste of money.
It arrived only one piece. Amazon need to send me one more piece.
Mine snapped in half after a few uses. : (
Was hopeful when I read the reviews. Size is good and material is comfortable against skin. But, adhesion was poor. Have used other brands and some stick better than others. Within 5 minutes, instead of adhering to my shirt it was sticking to itself because it had shifted and separated from my shirt. Tried again with a different shirt, same thing occurred. Won't purchase again.
If you have any kind of wrinkle of imperfection on your face this is not the powder for you, it is VERY good at highlighting imperfection, if that's what your going for
The product came with the lid individually wrapped. The entire product was all over the box, not an ounce even in the bottle. It ruined my car because it soaks threw the box and then ruined my couch. It took hours to clean everything up. I simply asked for a new product and the company was extremely rude and said they don't give refunds. Even if they are at fault. Never use this. I recommend Hair Food! Their customer service is amazing
Don't work and you rip your real lashes out trying to get them on right.
Delivery service with amazon is horrible.
I love the eco friendliness of this company however I had to throw it away after a few uses. I live in Hawaii in a humid climate & the bars just melted in spite of my efforts to keep it dry.
Have to press down to make water come out.
Didn't work for me. Wanted it for use for scalp conditioning. Roller did not work effectively.
I have purchased this product many times with no problem. This one time both bottles were broken and I was unable to use product. I don't like to give this low rating based on one time problem, but would like to be reimbursed.
Same here. Two conditioners, NO shampoo. What to do now?
Product was very poor quality.when received it was leaking everywhere very dissatisfied
Description of product both in Amazon and on the product itself says this is a cream. It is not! Seller emailed me saying these were cushions. That is a big difference. I contacted Amazon and cancelled. My money was refunded. Beware.
just got this as a gift and I HATE it. I've had so many problems with Amazon already...think i'm done with buying things off here. Hope they go under by selling fake things.
This iron mever worked and does not stay hot
I don't think this stuff is the original/actual product.... it had a weird white coloring in it and everytime I used it I broke out with acne !! The original I bought in store did NOT make me break out. I'm scared what was actually in this!
I think these are a knock off. They don't work like standard goody rubber bands that you buy in a store. I wouldn't buy these or anything from the seller.
These things are so annoying. They are too big and it's difficult to reach all of your teeth and the floss doesn't stay tight. The plastic is durable though
This irritated my face. I resorted to using it as a body spray. I will see if using it differently might give it worth. But so far I'm disappointed.
They did not send me the correct item
These stick to your toenail and pull the polish off
I obviously did not pay attention to the detail that there is ONLY 5 YARDS of floss per package! The regular size (for about the same price! ) has 50+ yards per pack.
Never received it!!!
Made dandruff worse and irritated rest of skin
This item was left out of order. Replaced by another set of end-tuft brushes, which I didn't need. 😡
This arrived in a pool of itself. The packaging was terrible the product was all over the inside of the box. I'll never buy from them again.
They bribe you for a 5 star review by offering a gift card. Meanwhile, the product is awful. Suction is very light and does not clean pores well at all. Would not recommend. Do not fall for the scam.
Teensy, tiny bottle. 1/2 oz maybe? Description doesn't really tell you how much it contains. Took forever to arrive from China. Understand some room must be left for expansion but bottle was at least half empty. Will not re-order.
Um... It literally took me an hour (time which I really don't have) to finally be able to get a set on one eye. Once they're on they look great... until you bat your lashes and see the magnets on top. I would not recommend.
Smells great, but isn't sulfate/paraben free. Caused my scalp to dry out and flake. And I don't ever get dandruff or dry scalp. I wouldn't recommend this shampoo to anyone.
This product is BS, I washed my face with hot water then dried it up, applied the mas as per the instructions, it felt like mint. Waited around 25-30 minutes to dry. When pulling it away was no sticky enough to pull blackheads out
I've had this product less than two months, and it won't retain a charge and the on/off button just feel through the handle. Super disappointed. The unit shows that it's charging (red light is on), but it never changes to green (indicating a full charge), and whenever I try to use it it doesn't work.
Unusable...hard as.a rock ..no give when you try to put your foot in shoe!!!
Mascara smelled rotten, it's doesnt come with most of the things in the picture.
Rubbish Product. Received it today. Filled water, turned it on and pressed massage button. Pressed it again. But the massage rollers would not turn on.
What happened to the soap I loved!!? A new box with a different soap arrived. THIS IS NOT THE SAME SOAP! I have been using this soap for years. My recent order arrived this week in a new box. The soap smells like soap you find in a cheap hotel. It's just a cheap substitute for the real deal.
Not only was this product expired, but they charged $10 more than R&F consultants sell fresh product for. Returning.
I have been using this face wash for over a year and really like it. But the past 2 have came with the seal broken and the formula has seemed to change. It is now more soapy, I am not sure if Amazon has been selling bad batches or what but I have returned the past 2 for the main reason of it coming with broken seals. Unfortunately I do not trust ordering them again from here.
Update to a review: After actually taking the item with me on my travels my previous review is non valid. After flying for 10 hours it appears that the entire amount of perfume that was in the atomizer leaked over everything (thank goodness it smelled good). I think I would recommend this if you are NOT travel as it doesn't hold the liquid in it.
teeth are too small for my mouth - tried many many times to put them in my mouth - does not work - so I wasted money on this product that I could have put toward a product that WORKS!
This wig is WAY too thick, like ridiculously so. It's so bulky and huge and it looks awful. Literally the only reason you should buy this wig is if you want to look like a clown. I've bought several wigs on amazon and this is easily the worst
This was WAY too bright for me! I seriously could not wear this color.
It's a very bad product. After finally using morrocan oil repair shampoo and conditioner , I'm very unhappy with the outcome of these products it left my hair brittle and dry. Very disappointed.I just start using this product and just realize the return window is close already.. Do not buy this product I hear from three of my friends they all experienced same ..:((
battery dead after 5 shaves always... junk.
This product is very bad
I was not sent the eyelashes that I ordered. I Went Prime is the storefront who sent them. I odered the Luv & Lashes that were offered. I received some brand called PNR Cosmetics in a pink box. I can't find that company online. This is a scam. The only reason I'm giving at least a one star rating is, because they are magnetic eyelashes. From now on I will order straight from the Luv & Lashes website.
Cheap and uncomfortable
Although I REALLY like the bigger ones, these are too small to get my fingers around to twist them at least twice or three times- so the just fall out. Go bigger even for thin or children's hair!
The hair was not cut in the hairstyle presented and it fit horribly. I brought two wigs from this buyer and was very disappointed.
No wonder it is much cheaper than other brands, because it smells terrible. Too bad I won't be able to return because of it is flammable.
Do not purchase! This was the worst thing I have every spent my money on. Not only did it not work but it fell apart when I tried to install the battery. Would give 0 starts if possible.
The sprayers only work for a few weeks then fail. They begin to spray inside the screw top of the sprayer itself and the product runs down the side of the bottle. This makes them, of course, worthless. It breaks down after the time allowed for return so you are just out of luck
When I got it, it was all dried up, and they won't take returns.
Expensive super glue
Where's my package. It says delivered yesterday and i do not have it!!!!!
It does not have a pleasing frangrance and it's not returnable.
Sorry, this product has failed on me twice. The blue light stops working after about 2 weeks (yes, I've "recharged" it several times). I returned it, got a replacement...which also worked for about 2 weeks before dying. I don't know if it's simply the light not working or it's also not disinfecting. Whatever, in any case I now simply use it as a toothbrush cover.
This really deserve no stars!! I received my package today after it was already late!! Funny thing was when I opened the package there was nothing inside!! I have looked and I can't get ahold of them!! So disappointed!!
When water runs low or out, which is quickly, it shuts off completely....and wont work...it just shuts down and won't work for a few hours after i refill
Tried a ton of times to put them on, watched videos, read the instructions... it seems like the magnets aren't covering a big enough section because the middle jutted out no matter what I did!
This ointment has the opposite effect of its purpose. It made my face red and tender wherever I applied it. I imagine this a just me, but I am not hyper-allergenic and don't break out from other products I use. It's been sitting in a drawer since I tried it and I guess it is past the return date. Oh Well. I am not saying it is a bod product in general, just a bad product for me.
Bad product, I ordered 6 and the shipped and notified me that was delivered and signed however I never got the package.
This was not shipped well at all. Whoever thought “oh hey I won't make sure the bottle cap is screwed on all the way” and caused my entire package (INCLUDING OTHER ITEMS) to be smothered in vitamin E should probably be trained again. I haven't even gotten to use this yet and I only have 3/4 of the bottle! I have never had this kind of carelessness happen in shipping before, and I'm very disappointed.
When I got the package the inside was soaked and sticky. The product was open and half gone. Dissatisfied and disappointed to say the least
Clippers are used, don't buy and waste time.
Broken upon arrival. Upon inspection the item is very cheaply made. Going to research other companies with a higher quality roller.
It says a spray? mousse . I shook & shook and it only spit out liquid that smelled bad. Not allowed to return to Amazon. The company that makes it said it had to be return where I bought it. Luckily Amazon gave me a credit for what I paid for it. In the trash it went.
Not the same wig in pictures looks a mess more like 8 inch not made properly
These lashes are terrible! They don't cover your whole eye. even my 14 year old son thought they looked ridiculous! Waste of money!
My product came broken
The seller was very honest and gave me my money back.
This product is mis leading. I ordered before and it was good this time the size is very little. And they want let you send it back.
Product is really good, my concern is not about it, it is about delivery method used by Amazon, I heard my door knocked, when I open my door the delivery van was just leaving, so nobody else could have touched my box besides delivery crew, well ...my box was not completly sealed, i could get my product from the box without using a box cutter. Seller is responsible of making sure product reaches the costumer safe and untouched.
I dont like how it sheds. Very uncomfortable.
It is hard to review when the products never ships.
Did not receive this product
Too expensive for a poor quality
What a let down, lasted one day.
My package never came
Soft hair but as a wig wearer I could tell that this wig was not fresh/new. Disappointing because I really wanted to like it- but I don't want a used product. It was already frizzy when I first opened the package. Not crisp like the wig photo.
Did not work had to send back, it would not heat up
Did not like this product, too heavy for me.
Left my kids hair very dry at the end of the day
They sent color extend, but not magnetics.
These looked like something you would buy for Halloween. Totally misrepresented in its description, in that it does not look like real teeth. They do not deserve any stars at all.
So I really like this product when I've purchased it from REN or Sephora. When I opened up the box I noticed the color of the product was darker than what it has when when I've bought it before. I checked the batch number on the bottom and this product was made in January of 2016. IT ONLY HAS A 9 MONTH SHELF LIFE!!!! I know that you can sell things a little after the shelf life, but not over 2 years later!!! Don't buy this from Amazon. Get it directly from REN.
Terrible quality. Not the same thick texture I've received in 2 yrs of buying this same product. Will not buy from this seller again.
4 days of wear and it chips. With a top coat and bottom coat. Matte does not look good with top coat over it.
I ordered this through a friend who was visiting Newyork while I live in India. The moment i pluged the straightener in, there was a red light and now the device is not working. since i am India I cannot return it either. So my $50 have gone to waste.
It did make my hair feel nice, but did absolutely nothing to the color. I attempted the 20 minutes and it barely faded. So I even went an hour with it in and still came to the same result. No silver. As for even turning ash blonde, there was hardly a noticable color change. Very disappointed. Then I got very annoying emails from the company to review.
The smell is terrible! Though I could tell it was spraying out glitter, I could barely see it at all in my daughters hair. Very disappointed.
This product arrived spilt inside the packaging. It was a big mess. Please send another set of the same products.
they advertise it as meant to come with two, contacted the seller and heard nothing back. really disappointed as i thought there would be two and that is specifically why i bought them.
Bought as a gift, but didnt work. By the time given, return window passed. Boo!
I did like the slightly fragrant coconut scent. Unfortunately, I got painful bumps (which I've never experienced before) while using the deoderant and had to discontinue use. At first, I thought the deoderant didn't caused the rash and waited for my armpit to heal before reapplying the deoderant. But no, I got the painful bumps again. Another issue I had was that this deoderant didn't last the whole day for me, though I do tend to sweat a lot from biking.
I love Tom's products, but this is the worst tasting toothpaste ever.
better products out there
The product I received was missing items. Contacted seller but did not receive the items that were supposed to be included in the package. Would not order from them again.
This stool sucks. I've had it only 1 week & The wheels lock immediately after you unlock them & sit on it for a minute. It won't roll.
Product didn't work at all..it's like water.when I asked for my money back from the company I was told that there was a 20 % restocking fee
Not a huge fan of the scent. I like cedar and sandalwood separately but can't seem to smell either in the soap. The soap is woodsy but not in a specific or pleasant way.
Instead of charging my Sonicare it drains the battery!
BLUE DYED MY GRANDDAUGHTER AND TURNED HER INTO A SMURF
Lipsticks were damaged and unusable.
Worst I've tried. The color doesn't come close to what the photo is. My lips felt sticky for a half hour and then dried out. Very disappointed.
Does not work. This product is cheap and a complete rip off. DO NOT BUY.
On here they list the ingredients as, "Aloe Vera butter" and absolutely nothing else, which is exactly what I wanted. I purchased this, then on the container it states the ingredient actually also include Coconut oil, Hydrogenated vegetable oil, and Vitamin E oil. They falsely advertised this product, and I wouldn't have paid $15 knowing it included Hydrogenated vegetable oil. I purchased this for, and tried using this on my young child with terribly dry skin. Now my child is far more itchy than ever before! Very disappointed. Waste of money and I would most definitely appreciate a full refund...
These lashes are not good to buy. They have no magnet to connect. I would suggest not buying and wasting your money. Remember you get what pay for. Buy cheap get cheap. Sorry for the truth
used it for like 3 weeks and didnt see any improvement, Intact it may have made the matter worse
it is terrible! it's looks like a Dora the explore wig. It's super shiny. It's more of a costume wig than a wig to wear daily
Inaccurate description. The seller indicated that this is for 10 blades only received 5 blades in one box.
Never received product! Contacted this company and never heard back from them. Not sure the error was from them or the mail. Wasn't able to get a tracking. hmmm....
Never received my products. I've emailed so many times and never got a response or my money back.
It still needs to be strapped around the bust, it's really not much more convenient than just changing into a better pumping bra.
This was to be my second purchase of this great creme, but this packaging was defective (no pump inside bottle) so I am not able to use it at all! I have pumped and pumped several times as suggested but still no luck. Very disappointing!
Package was used when I first received it. It was advertised as a new product.
Smells like alcohol with a mix of like a vanilla e-cigarette. I was so embarrassed the first time I put it on
They're all reverses so when they're on your face its flipped. So all the words are backwards and illegible. Thanks
Drys out hair I always try these types of products to see if they strengthen natural or regular hair. Didn't do that for me personally. Maybe it helps hair loss I really don't know.
The product arrived as expected, but when unpacked it would not power on. Tried different outlets to make sure, and it just doesn't work. Won't heat up and no lights come on to indicate that it is powered. Disappointed.
Don't waste your time or money. I've tried it for several nights. I even tried after a pedicure with very soft feet. I have not noticed anything.
It has been 3 months since I ordered. 1 month since the delivery window closed. I never received them.
The title of this product is misleading. It says color remover... I assumed it was like Color Oops, right non bleach that removes color from hair. Nope, this is straight up bleach, and now I look like a cheetah. They need to label it as such.
I will never order from this company again horrible .Doesnt give tracking updates
When I received, there's no more ink. I can't send back because I live in Vietnam.
almost useless unless you have a helper
The product I received suspiciously resembles a photo another reviewer posted. I like to think experiences like this are a one-off, and give the seller the benefit of the doubt. I ordered three items each from different sellers, all of which were delivered in the same box (which is to say, I don't think the original seller packaged the product). All three items were floating loose in the box (no bubble wrap or cushion). This could be why it was damaged. Or, either someone at Amazon (who I presume is storing the seller's product) or the original seller is fine with selling a known-damaged item. I hope that is not the case. Maybe that one shadow color is more likely to break? In any event, I was looking forward to using this kit and am disappointed I will not be able to. Fortunately, Amazon has fantastic customer service and has allowed me to return the defective item promptly.
The band on these lashes feel like plastic and the shape makes it very hard to apply. Ive never had a problem with this brand. Just this style did not work for me. Save your money and go purchase the kiss brand at your local Walmart, target, cvs or walgreens.
Disappointing. The bristles peel off between my teeth. Too bad, because the hook end is sturdy and useful. But don't bother buying for the bristle end.
I hate it bc I thought it said brown/black and it's just brown and I HATE IT
not powerful, but you get what you pay for.
I order 10 brushes but received only 8. Please can the seller arrange shipping of the rest? Thanks.
I received expired product but didn't notice until after I opened the package and too late to return. I love the product and you can't find it in many stores anymore unless you leave near a beach town.
Does not feel or smell authentic
This is not my idea of a nice bar of soap.
I gifted a few distilled water and small drops of essential oils to friends and within one day, none of the sprayers would go down. Not a good product.
This hair straightener made my hair more frizzy than before. It did not give me that silky straight look that I was aiming for when I saw the ad for this.
Followed all instructions popped in microwave and tiny beads everywhere.
Made my face sticky and look oily looking.
Don't waste your money. These are pure junk. They cannot stay on, I doubt on any feet, anywhere. They are flimsy junk pieces and don't offer any possibility of helping or spacing your toes. Forget it. Thumbs down.
This is how my product came today! I was disappointed... haven't tried it yet
Still waiting for my email 😒
It broke in 2 months
My toothbrush does not work, how can I return and get another?
Horribly cheaply made
Doesn't work. Got for my kid thinking it would help for school and she was sick whithin a week. Tried again and sick again.
I ordered these replacement blades instead of what I ordered last year because they were about 20% less expensive and seemed to have some good reviews. These have been in use roughly every other day for about a month and I have to say that they cut no better - and possibly even worse - than the year-old blades I replaced. Like the other blades I've bought, you can feel a difference between the first use or two and the subsequent cuts as the edge wears in. But the overall feel was vastly different - the first two cuts with the old blades seemed to be as close as a classic straight razor, while the first few uses with these felt more like getting plucked. After the wear-in period, the old blades cut pretty well, needing a couple of passes to get a truly clean cut (with the number of passes creeping up over the following months)...these seemed to immediately go to the year-old dullness level. The ultimate failure of these blades was evidenced by my shave this morning. The mirror was fogged up and I didn't have a lot of time before heading off to work, so I made the usual three or four passes, emptied some cuttings out of the head of the shaver, and got on with the day. When I looked in the mirror while washing my hands at lunchtime, the face I saw looked like it hadn't shaved at all that morning. After such a short time in service, that kind of performance is simply unacceptable.
This wasn't “authentic” which is a weird thing to write for a lip balm. The packaging wasn't right and the substance was just petroleum jelly.
Amazon fulfillment shipped the wrong product to us - eye pills instead of foot balm. When we try to return the product, the web site says that it is not returnable and provides no recourse. So here's your bad review for the fulfillment process on this product.
I love the product. But this time i was sent an old one.
Not sensitive at all. Leaves a rash.
I didnt even recieve the item, they said it was delivered to a resident but nobody has seen the package
Product broke already
1. Lime bottle was missing altogether. 2. Grapefruit has about less than half of the bottle but the packaging was dry so I don't believe it spilled. 3. Sweet orange bottle was definitely a return or someone mishandled it, the label had a very used look to it, and the clear plastic that keeps the oil from spilling out of the bottle looks like someone tried removing it with their teeth. And 4. All of the seals were broken on the 5 bottles I received.
Not all the pieces were in the box.
Worst product. It made my hair feel as if i put a jar of wax in it.
After using it for couple of days, I notice it leaves a big residues on all my clothes. Not even sure if it is being absorbed. I used it at night and it does not seem work the next day. Rather, it leaves a white residues on your shirt, which is pain to remove. Definitely do not recommend this product at the price and for the purpose, which was to reduce sweat.
The dye was purple, shitty ass dye
In my quest to find the best electric razor I read some reviews and bought this. I loved it at first and had a pretty close shave but the plastic it's made out of is cheap and the head would come off when using it. It does hold a charge for a very long time. I would spend the extra money and get a better product.
Ordered in April and now doesn't work. Light turns on but nothing happens. Used every other day when it did work and was not able to notice a difference.
Would give zero stars if I could. Was NOT sticky and did not get tacky once it started to dry. I ignored all reviews that said the same thing, and I shouldn't have. Purchased this based on a youtuber who uses these for her false lashes and idk what she was taking about. This sucks DO NOT BUY.
Does not stay in waterline, smears all over. Not worth the price.
magnets to one lash fell off before I could use them, returned for refund
I never received my item !!!
Bought it for a trip to France. Burned out the first time I used it. Would give it zero stars if I could.
vaseline is cheaper and seems to be just as effective
Horrible.I was so excited when I got this eyeliner until I opened it,the brush part is super stiff but I figured I'd give it a try and nope it's like trying to put on eyeliner with a toothpick. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.
I've been wearing D&G Light Blue for many years. This product is not authentic. Do not purchase.
This is very awkward if you are used to Sonicare toothbrushes. It is too big to maneuver in your mouth and also you have to brush it like you are brushing your teeth with manual toothbrush according to their instructions. I didn't return it only because i thought i could use it to polish my teeth once in a while while i enjoy my very comfortable Sonicare toothbrush for daily use.
You definitely have to have the head for this. Looks great on my mother. I don't know if I will return it. Hmm
I used this wax on my entire body, I had to go over areas on my legs more than once. I used the entire can and ultimately had to shave afterwards because the wax was not working. For legs, arms, underarm, etc I had to use a razor after to clean it up. For Brazilian front and back, the front was ok I still had to go over with a razor and the back didn't really work I had to just shave. The hair grew back faster than usual Im guessing because I pretty much shaved (since the wax didn't remove the hairs). I have course curly hairs but Ive never had a wax not work. I've been waxing for a while and this has to be the worse wax. Ive paid less for waxes that work on all of my body parts leaving it smooth for weeks. I bought this wax and had to go back to razors and razors are terrible for me due to the amount of ingrowns after. Highly disappointed and upset I wasted money.
definitely NOT genuine lipsense. it feels nothing like the real glossy gloss!! this is a fake knockoff. should not be sold as lipsense!! frauds!!!
I was really disappointed with this product. I travel a lot so it would've been perfect product for me. But it does not work as they say. You might as well rub a bar of soap against your face, and you'd get the same results.
It broke within a month
Sent back needed the one for sensitive teeth
It is not pointed and does not come with a sharpener.
My 1.5 guard is way loose and comes off during use. It's bound to cause an issue. Hopefully they've fixed this issue.
I've worn this product for 11 years now, and this particular product from this company didn't work at all. Once applied, it looked as if I didn't even put make-up on. Knock off product; do not purchase.
This replacement are terrible. They wears off after 3 weeks of using. The blue color on the brush start to fade. When I bought the new sonic car that come with the head brush it lasted me three to four month. You can tell the replacement are not made from the original. Before you purchase think about getting this product.
Day 1 it worked then after that only the light worked and no mist comes out
This expensive flat iron was sold as new...but obviously the one I received has been used and/or returned. The box had already been opened. Not only had the taped seal been opened, the sides of the box were not even attached to each other. There was no receipt or any other information in the box about returns. I would suggest you purchase from another seller. I would give 0 stars, but that's not an option. Very disappointed.
Not impressed at all. Cheap and a pain to use
Missing one lower lash and these are shorter and thinner than my actual lashes . Returning immediately . I ordered the thicker more dramatic pair and I'm hoping to have better luck !
It was boxed poorly the lid was off, the Box was wet with product.. It was all scratched up like as if this bottle I ordered was used. I would have returned it but they said they do not accept returns. I purchase many bottles of perfume and Cologne and I've never seen anything dumped in a Box like this. Currently almost half of the bottle of Cologne has emptied out into the Box.
No good for nothing other than the trash
Was charged triple amount for a $6.99 bottle of oil . I haven't received the oil , it's been 3 weeks 😠
NEVER EVER BUY THIS AGAIN NOW ONE MONTH I HAVE NOT RECEIVED MY ORDER THIS SUCKS
Guard is not that great for trimming my beard so I had to completely shave it off.
The Fairywill electric toothbrush looks great and works fine in the beginning. All of a sudden one fine morning it just stopped working..:( It's not charging. It's better to buy from better brands and one those come with some kind of warranty. Waste of money. Will never buy again.
The diffuser was broken when I opened the box. I liked the oils, but you need a diffuser to use them properly.
Waste of money these deff don't work like it says
Do you have a tiny head with short hair? If so, this is for you. Anyone else with a normal size head and hair longer than shoulder length should look elsewhere. Super tight out of the package. 3 months of use, and it's loosened up a little bit but since all of my hair won't fit well, the sides and back of my head get wet. Defeats the purpose. Finally am giving up and throwing them all out!
I bought this product months ago and still didn't get it Its said the product arrived but nope, I'm lying you say? Why would I waste my time writing this? This is my first time buying Rosebud, I just simply wanted a Rosebud Salve but didn't get it. Some people might say it's just couple of bucks well I JUST WANTED a Rosebud Salve.
Says delivered but never received. My other packages showed up but not this
Doesn't work at all. Big waste of money and time!!!!!!
Unfortunately these arrived with all colored surfaces scratched up. They appear to have already been used or maybe it is damage from the shipping process. Buyer beware on this as they are not returnable. I guess I got what I paid for. :-(
Ordered back in mid October and still says shipped and that it's “running late” since it should've arrived by late November
I wore these for an 8hr day at work. I put 2 in my hair to keep my bangs back. I got home to take them out and they tore out huge chunks of hair!! If you value your hair you will not buy these. My hair was straightened, smooth, and dry. No excuse for the amount of hair I lost in only 1 day.
Purchased item on February 7th and today April 5th completely quit. prior to this the uv light would rarely come on. this is my 2nd unit and same problem with the other one, except it lasted about a year.
Keeps peeling very bad .
Unfortunately, this made my neck itch and returned it.
Didn't like the fact that I couldn't get my package on time
Stuff really stinks. Gets jell like so have to warm the bottle before using the dropper
I've used this brush consistently twice a week for one year. Quite suddenly, hairs are falling out of the brush every time I go to lather it on my face.
Really pretty, just wish shipping didn't take so long. Edit: These polishes didn't last a month, they must've been old or just poor quality because they were so thick and gummy. I even tried thinning them out and it didn't work so I just got rid of them. I recommend spending a little extra to get a reliable brand.
Didn't notice much of a difference
really large drops in the spray cannot be used for setting makeup just ok
This wig is worth the price; you will have to use gel and make some snips to make it look like the picture the seller shows. I dislike false advertising-rather disgusting. The back of the wig will lift off your head and look like a hawk in full flight. I saw people staring at the back of my head and laughing.
No were close to 4C hair! Clip ins are very thin.
Very hard to use because it's too wide for your braces to really move around. Gonna use mine since I bought them and suffer the uncomfortableness. But won't purchase again. Great "idea" though.
I am sure it might work for you
They are heavy for swimsuit and really don't do much
most of the product was empty. pigment not so intense.
Nice but not what i espected.is just some liquid with sparkles.The smell is nice by the way
Super thick, good coverage, way too oily. I don't have acne prone skin but I broke out with this. Also need to wash your face several times to remove completely
None of my earrings fit through the holes. So disappointed
I bought this for my wife and while she loves the scent, it does not last for more than 1 hour.
Didnt give me the wave i was hoping for, too late to return it now :(
Heap looking founders. Didn't even look as good as a cheap drugstore set
I did not like it at all. It was watery and the color was yellowish and not a great consistency or coverage. Not at all what it was advertised as.
I used this along with the Biotin shampoo and my hair did not feel soft after each shower.
also can't be returned, sadly
Gave these a solid try but it's just not for me
not that great quality
Very misleading, not virgin hair. The hair is reddish. Feels like beauty supply store hair. Hair was true to length bundles were thin though. Will not buy again.
It was OK but wouldn't purchase again.
The Bobby pins work well, but the case is hard to slide
Didn't like kind of greasy.
It's okay. Bought two, one for myself and husband. I don't care for it because the material it is made from is hot.
I have dry hair and it just made it drier. Maybe, it just wasn't for me.
None of my lids match up. They look so cheap sitting there with a crooked lid, which also causes them to slightly leak. I wouldn't order again.
Smells good. Doesn't remove makeup. Also doesn't lather.
This is how I received. Wanted to like it but I think I got a returned/defective item. Now I don't see any option to connect with the seller to get the issue resolved.
I have low porosity hair type 4b hair. This did not work for me.
The kit was supposed to come with a guide book but didn't. There are a few styling tools I have no idea how to use.
Didn't work well for me
If your hair is thick and curly, good luck! I had a feeling this was not going to go over well and I was right. It pulled my hair out and left it frizzy/wavy still. This might be good for a girl who already has mostly straight hair... But not for thick curly haired girls.
Loved this stuff when we first got it but they changed the formula and now it's awful. My son used to smell great for days. Now he stinks the next morning. Very disappointed they changed it.
Was very disappointed by very plasticy feel of the oil because of liquid parafin & a very strong smell (artificial fragrance). They may have the claimed ingredients but addition of these additional stuff makes it unauthentic. I have used other ayurvedic oils that are far more original and natural.
Said it was fogless but it still steams up.
Took a few coats, strong smell and chips easy!
I DONT LIKE ANYTHING ABOUT THIS PRODUCT. BIG LETDOWN!!!!!!
Per the product description, I was to get the drying rack, cleaning mat, and the brush cleaner. I received only the rack. Emailed the company, they did make a mistake and asked me to take a photo of what I did recieve. This was last week and I have not heard back even after a follow up email. However, the drying rack serves its purpose.
I usually love Neutrogena sunblock but this was a miss. The spray idea seems great but even with being careful and purposely rubbing it in I still had blotchy application. But honestly, the real problem might have more to do with the product than the applicator. This stuff has no staying power. I learned the hard way that any real contact with fabric (seat belts of tank top straps) will wipe it right off, and forget about water exposure. Even reapplying every hour I still got toasted. Next time I'll stick to the Sport version in the regular spray can.
It made my skin burn! Around my eyes
It's ok. I like my old Oral B one better. I am actually going to switch back. I feel like my teeth still feel grimy after brushing even if I extend the time beyond the two-minute brush time. I also didn't enjoy all the different settings.
I purchased the eye cream and put it under my eyes 2 times a day. I didnt notice a difference.
Cordless unit caused the GFI and trip and not the unit will not charge at all.. Dead.. Nice unit, easy to use takes two tanks with of water to do the job, one for bottom and one for top teeth. NICE UNIT if it was working. I will be contacting the manufacture for the 2 year warranty.
One star for how quickly I received the plane. One star for the plane not being damaged during shipping. I took off three stars for How Small this plane is. I didn't know it was this small.
Brought sunscreen in one of the silicone containers on a trip, but within 24 hours, it had completely dried up and cracked. I'm not sure if it was a reaction with the silicone or a seal issue, but I won't be using the silicone again.
Not great I am a size 16 and these jeans are a bit small if I wear a belt they will stay up otherwise I am yanking them up every few minutes. My husband says they look good.
Kind of shiny and not for me.
Giving it a 2 not because of the quality of product Did not have a chance to test it It tell and broke as soon as I tried to open the bottle Did not buy another one but arnica is very good for inflammation
Only used few times very thick difficult to remove product from bottle I purchased 2 bottles both the same very difficult to remove from bottle Dropper doesn't have enough suction to remove from bottle No scent, thick just use little bit to start with Don't think I will repurchase
It started to unravel within 2 weeks.
This blow dryer doesn't work too well on thin hair, and even worse on thick hair. It does has lots of air coming out, but it's not hot. As a consequence, it takes about 20 minutes of full power to dry my daughter's very thin hair, and about one hour to dry mine (thinker and longer hair). I don't have time to waste in drying my hair, and my 4 years old doesn't have the patience to sit there that long. I won't suggest you to buy this product, unless you have very thin and short hair, or lots of time to waste!
I liked the light weight of the wig.
Got my product quickly! The larger side is great, have used it several times, but the smaller roller side - the holder for the small end of the jade roller are spread farther than the jade bead... so it doesn't sit in the holes correctly and doesn't spin. When you reposition it, then it squeaks. Rolls off the track again and you're pulling at your skin if you aren't paying attention. A little disappointed in that side. Edit: Company contacted me and offered me a 20% off coupon on a future purchase. I asked that they just apply it as a refund to this item. They did. 2nd Edit: Company is sending me a new roller. Will review that one once it's received.
I guess I was underwhelmed with this product, expecting moist, glossy, flowy hair instead of the dry hair I've been having, but I didn't notice much of a difference from my every day grocery store brand...
Tarnishes very easily.
even when following directions perfectly, henna still seems to get stuck in applicator bottles, and it is very difficult to clean out.
I actually feel like this dries out my hair, I would to purchase again and if I could have return the spray I most defiantly would have.
Not as nice as expected. Does not include eyeshadow blending brush or crease brush.
Disappointed bag ripped 2 months having it
Must've gotten an old one, because it broke every time I used it. Barely lasted because of the breaking and product loss.
Could someone please reach out to me? The hook broke after first use so it no longer can attach to the mirror or hold the fabric up.
the acrylics are not very good
Don't recommend. Low quality product. Extremely thick, hard to apply.
My cat wouldn't touch it. I was hoping because of it being organic. Really hard to bite.
Thought mom or I would use this because we love their mango scent. Neither of us liked this at all so we didn't even try it & will gift it to someone else.
Don't waste your time. I read to do a test strip, and I'm so glad I did. I left it on for two hours and this is all it did. It's just gray, no purple tint at all. I returned the other unopened jar.
Wasn't too fond of this. I needed something stronger than the basic crew pomade, but this wasn't a good choice. The smell was fine, the hold was mediocre and was difficult to wash out. Not too happy with, but thank god it's only $10...
The ears don't stay up. The lay flat on your head.
Reasonable product but it takes a lot of rinsing to remove it. Theres no scent to speak of, which is good
Didn't work well with me, it is always very difficult to find the charging spot for either the phone or watch. I stopped using this product one week after I got it. I guess there are better quality products to buy
item arrived but with no top, I am only glad it didn't ruin the other items in the box, quality control not doing a good job lately!!
Took almost a week to ship the ETA dates are not accurate at all, they didn't let me know it was going to be late until it was too late to cancel
Product peeled off of my nails in 2 days. Went on easy and looked great initially.
I've been using it for a month now, my eyelashes remain the same. I gave 2 stars because it doesn't hurt the eyes
I received my ipl today..i saw other customers photos and mine is different :/...i'm not sure if is the same product that i paid for. It does'nt have the logo on it neither on the box or in the ipl...i haven't use it yet, but i'm worried about the "brand" they send me...i hope it works...
The other accessories are fine except for the actual cup it's way more yellow than gold then it is in the photo. Pissed me off considering I paid extra for shipping and was really excited for them. Now I have to go buy other ones
It is very gentle on your head and works if you get it positioned just right. It's pretty easy to knock it off, though. Could be more snug - my head is not small at all. After wearing one regularly for a month, the inside padding started peeling apart.
The third party seller sent a similar item, but not the exact one I ordered. The one they sent has a purple cap not blue so it's a bit different. I'm going to try it and hope it's okay rather than return.
broke me out after every use. probably not for me
Came broken with half of the product spilled out. Padding seemed adequate but somehow it still came broken almost as if it was originally shipped that way.
Mine has a hole right in the middle of the sponge in two weeks although I handled it with great care.
Stopped filing well after only a few uses.
Hardly any fragrance from great quality oils.
Did't do what it advertises
Unfortunately I would not recommend this product. I have only been using it a little over a month and it already broke. The zippers are very flimsy and the should strap is just as bad.
This was not for me. My hair is very thin. You need to have thick hair to be able to support the weight of this hair piece. I was hoping to find something to put over my ponytail to give the illusion of more hair. There were only two combs to hold the hair piece in place. They just slipped right out of my hair. It was also bigger than it looked in the photos. It covered the entire back of my head, which again made me realize that I needed a lot of hair to attach it to.
This was on top of a list of great mascaras.... Not for me!
It has an off-putting chemical smell. It also irritates my skin, making it go red and blotchy as soon as I put it on. It also feels like its burning to the point where I just threw it out and bought a different bottle of lotion altogether. I would not buy this again.
3 of my 6 bottles were damaged upon receiving. Like I picked up the box and could hear pieces moving damaged. They aren't just broken they are shattered. The 3 that aren't decimated are beautiful and seem to work nicely, but still I'm beyond disappointed
it didn't improve my hairfall problem at all ..
The switch malfunctions so you have to hold it down to keep it on. The charging base works great.
Straighten but will break your hair. Does not get close enough.
I clearly purchased brown and black was delivered.
Much harder than expected and did not blend easily
Followed the directions to the exact and had very minimal peeling. I tried it twice in a month span just in case and still almost nothing to peel and trust me my feet have plenty that should have peeled off. I won't but this product again.
"One size fits most" didn't fit me.
If you have time to spend doing this for like 3 hours for each full leg buy it if not don't waste your money
Wrong color! It says medium beige but it was more orange than normal.
I'm sad to say the scalp therapy shampoo and conditioner did nothing for my dry flaky scalp. For the price I am very disappointed. The conditioner left my hair feeling a little softer but I believe that's the wax inside. I have to use an Apple cider vinegar cleansing rinse to remove the wax buildup after a few weeks of use. I had high hopes... 😞
Very heavy, and doesn't last. Settled into my fine lines, and made me look older.
Just got these scissors in the mail. The plastic box was damaged and when I opened it, the scissors were kinda dirty (fingerprints/tiny marks.) We'll see how they work I guess...
If feels nice when using it, however its not good for removing eye makeup or a lip stain. Which is mostly why people buy these wipes.... to remove makeup. Smells nice and reasonable price.
Little to no change after 4weeks
Didn't see any difference in tbe texture of my skin. Don t waste ypur money.
This came in a beat-up heavily pre-used box with a bunch of newspaper shoved inside. The bottles each had a big piece of packing tape over the pump, neither of which held and the inside of the box was greasy where it leaked. Wouldn't reorder from this seller.
I am very sensitive to products, so it probably was me not the ingredients. but I could NOT use it.. I was unsure of how many stars to give for that reason.
this is a very lightweight product. I was looking for something that would give my curls more of a bouncy polished look, but I guess this isn't the product for me. it also made my curls way tighter versus loosening them which it claims to do.
Good hair but disappointed about the lace
I been using it, however, the drops do not dispense the way drops should....too thick! 12 weeks recommended I read was way too long to see some kind of results, when you can get that with LoreaL and other products that recommend the same. Will return. Thanks for reading this.
Color was different from photo. Had to return.
Not a long lasting product at all.Ineffective too.
Not a fan of this product. The rollers are too heavy and the clips don't hold them in place
Basically like water ... my mother was very disappointed she compared it to the other ones off amazon and those actually have a smell . Wouldn't buy again!
It was not what I expected. I need lots of soothing and anti friz. This does not have it.
I really liked these bottles with their great labels and printing on the glass. But after a little over a month with normal use (spraying counters to clean) the nozzle split from the neck and started leaking all over when in use. It's a pretty simple design so I don't understand how this went wrong. Wish they held up cause I would've loved them.
Unfortunately i could not get over the smell of this product. I was hoping for a very citrus like smell. I didn't get the citrus smell. However, the product did not burn or irritate my skin. Which is amazing because i have the most sensitive skin.
The surface of the smaller roller came pitted or damaged. It's not a smooth surface by any means and it's not something I want to use on my face.
When you rub your finger on them it's so soft, but it's a different story when on the face. Eats my powder and barely spreads the liquids. Handle is very flimsy. Don't put the smaller brushes anywhere near your eyes, it's like sandpaper
Bought the Ultra for my husband and it worked great. Bought these for the face strips, but it doesn't do much except leave his face dry. If I had tried these first, probably wouldn't have considered this brand again. If these don't work for you, try the Ultra. They are so much better and leave skin looking healthy and clean.
The quality of a Wahl products no longer exist. I use it but it's cheaply made. I guess I got what I paid for.
The only reason why I give this product a very low scores is because they completely copied the scent off of pink sugar so really they should have said inspired by Pink Sugar because it smells so similar to it and the longevity power of this this product is least to none you have to reapply of course is this giftable I mean yes it's giftable but why not give them the real deal Pink Sugar
Was not even close to the color blue advertised. Wanted a neon blue for summer toe polish and it's not even close to that. It's a dull baby blue or dull sky blue. It's hideous.
makes hair too stiff
I was expecting a shampoo that smelled like ROSE!
Not very good quality. Its clumpy and thick. :(
The seed packet come in with other item and doesnt cover or protect at all . You can know it is seed and easy to get defective if not cover and protect correctly.
For the cost and other reviews, I expected more! I bought this for my husband who gets really bad bumps from his razor. But he normally uses another product but I wanted him to try this one bc of all the great reviews. He said it stings quite badly and it did NOT clear his razor bumps nearly as quickly as his other (much cheaper one) that he uses. I will not purchase this again unfortunately. It does smell nice though.
Using these for black head removal.. hurts! The metal is really flimsy and bends. I purchased these to remove ear wax from my 3 month olds ears, but I tried using the other ones on myself and they hurt more than they helped.
I bought these replacements for my Emjoi, my feet aren't bad and it took 15 mins. to do a mediocre job. Wouldn't waste my money on these again. Gave 2 stars to be fair that shipping was quick.
The description says navy with white Hearts but came in black with white hearts. Wanted navy because that's my daughters uniform colors. Wrong description of what was actually sent.
Case and containers arrived dirty, scratched up and had a dead bug inside one of the containers. Not even going to open these.
Like all my past Sonicare brushes, this one broke. However, this one crapped out much faster than the other ones that I've had. I'm going to try some other brands and see if I have more luck with those.
Thought I would try this shampoo due to the attractive pricing, a lot cheaper than the Bumble and Bumble purple shampoo I was replacing it with. This shampoo did not clean my hair very well. My hair always felt greasy even after repeated shampooing. Going back to my tried and true Bumble and Bumble purple shampoo.
I thought they where regular size like the ones my daughter stole but there so small
Not sure its done anything special.... only noticed it accentuates all my blemishes and flaws....
The travel size is better quality of the brush is poor and shaped differently
I don't normally write reviews but I was very disappointed in the fact that this moisturizer does not spray out, it squirts out, which for me made it a little messy. I don't recommend this product.
I must be bad at applying lashes but these were impossible to get on my eyes. They also irritated my eyes. They were cute but I could not even wear them for 2 minutes.
I ordered medium brown, but is darker than I expected. Blonde would have been better for me.
I was happy at first. I've only had it for one month and 4 of the teeth have broken. I've literally never had this happen using a comb in my life...at this rate it will have no teeth by the end of the year lol
This cream did not work that well for me. I used it on my elbows and the skin never really got soft. I even put it on a night and covered it with a bandage to see if that would work and it still did not soften the skin. Very disappointed since it had such a good rating.
For whatever the reason the purchase was delayed. And it has a weird cut off timer. To change the screws it's kinda tricky but other than that it works good no problems !
Old lady perfume! And I'm an old lady and I don't LIKE it...
Pump spray did not work correctly. Product was oily and sticky.
Does get very hot. Takes a really long time to even get warm. So because it doesn't get hot, the curls don't stay in :(
Great product! But where is the 10 ct Cloth?
Just do not see or feel a difference
The sense from the soil was not heavy enough was able to put it in a warmer and smell it a little bit better but I bought it for a body oil I could smell it the very slightly
The stamp on this is nice to use but as soon as I put it in place, the color bleeds into the surrounding pores. It doesn't stay the shape it's supposed to unfortunately. Great concept but definitely need to tweak the formula of the liquid.
Weak scent but decent for the price.
It fell apart immediately. The mirror flap connected to the brush end, just unhooked. Id have to super glue this, to get it to stick. This is probably only good for sleek hair. I have thick wavy hair.
This is a great little mirror - the only problem is that the handle is actually not adjustable. Not worth it to send it back but it cannot stand up on it's own because the handle is in one piece versus jointed.....which is the main reason why I bought it in the first place.
Not much compression
I love this brand's line of beard oil and beard wash but the balm was a disappointment. It was very dense and almost solid, so it was very difficult to scrape some out as I'm accustomed to with my other go to beard balm brand. I read on their website to heat the container to soften it up as when you purchase real shea butter but that didn't work at all, as it turned into one big mess. I will still use their beard wash and beard oils but I guess I'll take the loss with this beard balm.
20 yrs ago if you put flex conditioner on your hair you could smell it in the next room. It smelled so good. This is not the same as the original. The texture is thinner than original also. I was disappointed
Got two of these in blue for my daughter's medium brown hair. We were only going to dye the underside for a peekaboo effect. I wanted to get the blue as bold as we could, so I bleached her hair first. I used some extra, just to make sure her hair was completely saturated, and even left it on a little longer than we were supposed to. Her hair turned out a very pale greenish blue that completely disappeared within a couple of weeks. I don't know what we did wrong! We may try again at some point, hoping with a different color we may have better results!
Very disappointed with how it came in. Was spilled and I lost product.
I just received my pallet today and I love the how nicely the colors go on the skin. However, when I went to wash it off with soap and warm water,? The paint did not come off completely. It has stained on my hand and I am worried if I use this product for an event, I may get complaints because the paint stained on their child's face!!!
This is comfortable and holds in place, but it does not appear to help with hair breakage. If it had a satin liner, this would be almost perfect. But breakage is a major issue, so I can only give this one two stars.
This chair is way too top heavy and wobbly. It fell over onto a client while doing their lashes. do not waste your money.
These cloths do not remove makeup half as well as the Sephora brand or Makeup Eraser brand cloths. These are inexpensive but they just do not get the job done.
These didn't hold up. They are more disposable. Bummer.
Color is not true to picture !
This Eau De Toilette does NOT last long at all. Maybe, at most, a couple hours. And that's literally DUMPING it on. If you spray yourself about 30 pumps, it may last a couple hours. The scent is really nice and a decent spoof of Creed Aventus although off. Mine had the "black" nozzle so I'm imagining the old 2016 batches are long gone. Would NOT recommend. Very unhappy with this bottle. Suspect the positive reviews are as fake as this cologne.
When i received it, it was broken :(
Application is easy. I find the material to be easy to apply, spread, and line my eye the way I like it. I use it on the lower water line and above my lashes for the top. I've been using this exact product for over 5 years, however, something must have changed like 18 months ago. The top line smears off all over my eyelid. I get black all over the crease of my eyelid. I will not reorder this specific eyeliner anymore.
I wanted to use it on my vanity table but the lights on it is terrible.
Inferior product,Disappointed.
Got the medium color and it was too light-will use for winter or at least try. This stuff comes off easily. When I use the foundation brush, it only stays in my small pores. Looks like crap! Also, tried using something on top of it/in conjunction with, and it looked caky So it will be a backup if that.
Not impressed, not as shown in images
Pretty variety of colors but they dry ny lips out. Not very comfortable to wear
I really don't like the double floss. Hard to use on my molars and easily breaks. Won't repurchase but i guess they're good for someone who likes double floss picks
Not as good as everyone makes it out to be and WAY over priced. THIS IS A REAL REVIEW!!! I am not a robot or hired by the company to make ratings go up.
Mistakenly purchased this thinking it was their Grip Tight gel. This is not only Extreme but glue like.
Have used and traveled with one for years. Love it. However, the new one I received does not fold as flat as the old one. So it doesn't fit in the drawer or my travel make-up case as well. I think it has to be a problem with quality control. Would send it back, but not worth the hassle for the price.
Aquaphor is cheaper and works better for me.
TOO EXPENSIVE AND NOT WORTH IT
I was excited to try this since I'm trying to find cleaner facial products but this was disappointing. It absorbs quickly, which is great, but it leaves a film and a tacky feeling that I don't like.
It flakes up. That's a no go for me. Especially when I've just watched my hair and I'm trying to go somewhere and now I'm walking around with white flakes in my hair.
This smelled bad. Not at all like dark kiss.
Colors are nice but they dry and flake off in chunks and if you add chapstick it gets super sticky.
I see no improvement in my skin after using this for several weeks. Only slight redness immediately after using.
I received my order, opened it, and found a cap wasn't screwed on all the way, which led to an oily mess in the box, as well as a wasted scent. Pretty disappointed. On the other hand the scents were great!
Very messy and does not keep skin moisturized. The pump that comes with it also doesn't work.
Be sure to check the expiration date when it arrives, the bottle I received expired in a month. It did arrive quickly and fully sealed however.
I love most of the products! But not this one ! It's said pink very lite pink
Colors not as pretty in person. Way to much sparkle in primer.
Thought I was getting a set not one bottle for that price. Won't order again!!!
Granules are too large without enough binder or oil. As soon as you scoop it out of the tub the salt falls everywhere making it hard to use. The smell is great though
All the tools are completely rusted after less than a year. And I live in the desert. They worked ok, but now they look like a tetanus factory! Keep them away from your face!
The mirror arrived well packaged, including a piece of tape to keep the swivel mirror from moving during transit. Good thing as I need to use that piece of tape to keep the mirror standing up straight. Without it the mirror tilts at an angle, making it somewhat useless. There's no clear way to adjust or balance the mirror so I have to choose between regular or magnified view and secure it in place with a stronger piece of tape.
I have tried this product on several occasions and doesn't seem to work as well as I thought. I bought this with the Garnier Hair Care Fructis Ends Plumper to help give me volume, for my thin hair but unfortunately, it doesn't do the job for me. I really wanted it to work.
I did not like the smell
Cool clipper but supremely underpowered. Not worth my money.
The beard shaver itself worked great with the three beard length trimmers. I had to re-turn this shaver because the left four fitting options would not connect to the main shaver. I tried contacting the manufacturer thru Amazon, no response!
This was too poofy. Ended up returning for a different wig
I love the Baby pink shade. Have used it for years. I just reordered and got the one on the left. Hope this can be fixed.
Just annoying. The worst thing I had ever. Cheaply designed.
the plastic sprayer falls apart after repeated use of many units of these. They are basically a one-time-use product.
Didn't care for the product
I am not impressed with the set. The shampoo does a nice job of sudsing up. It hasn't done anything for my hair.
It does a great job straightening but it doesn't curl very well.
Started to drip of the lips. Too thin and little bits of skin transferred back into the bottle.
Disgustingly quality. If you have any time at all please save up for a better wig. I bought this while crunching for a convention. First, you will have to style it. I was expecting this and was excited! The wig is incredibly thin and styling was a nightmare. Two stars because it looks decent for a crunch and gets the idea across.
Bristles falling out already. The handle is nice.
Did not do as stated. Overall very disappointed
It is pretty, but the quality is not that great. I wouldn't recommend it for actual travel
Very waxy and it clumps under your eyes
So don't get me wrong I think the vendor is great! The shipping of the product to receiving it was great. In regards to the product I'm not a big fan because it is EXTREMELY tough, and it sticks to your hair like glue. Hard to wash off and just makes it very difficult for me style my hair per say. Again, I'm sure this product works for certain people but it's a bit too tough on my hair.
This product leaves a sticky film on your skin. Might have worked well but the film was itchy and sticky!
The color was nice. It didn't feel drying. However it came off so easy. Left lipstick on every cup I drank from. Came off easy. Not my favorite at all.
Reminds me a little too much of Vick's Vapor Rub. I haven't bothered to use it in the diffuser yet. Hoping that it being diluted will help, but will probably sit on my desk while I use the other brand I like first.
Used the products for the first time today.My hair feels like straw and I had trouble getting a comb through my hair after washing. My scalp still itches.
I actually love the tooth past and the little metal piece that come with it so that you get all the tooth paste out.. But my tooth paste has a huge hole in the side I posted a video in hopes they will reach out to me. I would post a 5 star review but I can't return the product through amazon
Both of the pumps arrived broken and lotion leaked out in bag. There were other pump items, different brand, in the box that were not broken so I suspect that it was from Avalon only, rather than the shipping. Very disappointed because I planned on keeping them out, around the house. This is the first time I have tried the lotion and think my husband will love the scent but I would really love to have the Avalon pump bottles working because they blend well with natural home decor and I wanted to leave it out on his side table and in the kitchen and now I have to find some other dispenser. I can't rate the product above 2 at this time because of this.
The shampoo smells nice, but it's not doing anything to help with dry scalp issues- I'm still dealing with just as much dandruff as before. In addition, when it arrived, the bottle had opened en route and spilled at least a quarter of the contents all over the bag it was packaged in.
I was disappointed with the similar colors in this palette. Definitely not like the picture. There are basically 3 shades with slight variations that no one would notice. One of the tubes was broken when it arrived. Applies okay but, I did cover the color with a complementary color gloss because the colors are somewhat chalky. Upside is that the colors do last. I only wear matte lipstick and these will only be used as "emergency backup" when necessary. Too large and cumbersome to return.
I like the smell but my skin had a horrible reaction to this deodorant. I broke out really bad under my arms and it became dark. Unfortunately I had to stop using this product because it was somewhat painful. I have never had a reaction to a deodorant that wasn't natural so maybe some of the essential oils are just too strong smh.
The item arrived with no pump!
I would compare the fabric to that of a stuffed animal duck out of a claw machine. Fabric seems cheap. It'll get the job done tho.
Fine for a few months and then started rusting. Waste of money
hard to put on head. no hair combs
I really loved the colours of this palette and thought the pigmentation was decent. However, it has to be said that this palette is incredibly small and poorly constructed. When it arrived in my package, a lot of the powders had shifted because the plastic trays underneath had come loose. The moment I took it out of the box, my fingers were covered in eyeshadow. I would advise anyone who looks to purchase this product to really inspect it upon arrival and make sure that it's properly sealed with no loose powders.
I have to put on chapstick before I put this on.
Didn't last very long
I liked how this product looked on my skin but unfortunately it made me break out on my t-zone.
cap that came with wig too small, more for children size, good thing I had one of my own. Wig itself was pretty, looks really nice, but a bit on the smaller side, so wasn't comfortable for me.
this didn't cover my tattoo.
I had raccoon eyes by the afternoon. Won't buy again.
The comb pieces are not thick enough and they get hot. Gave up after multiple burns even at low temperatures.
Noticed no real impact/ improvement. I gave away to a friend. Perhaps it's just a bit too oily for my skin.
Curls well but flawed design. On the end of the barrel theres a flat flap that sticks out, so when you unravel your hair, the hair gets stuck in it, ruining the curl.
Not great. Gets the job done but there are better tools. Also it's strangely long.
I had high hopes for this toothpaste but it was a very runny and does not taste good.
It didn't make anything worse, so that's a plus. But it really had no effect.
I Was So Happy When I Seen My Package Arrive Until I Opened It And Some Of The Colors Were Broke And The Reds Were Mixed With Other Colors It's A Beautiful Palette Just Needs More Protection And Bubble Wrap
These are nice brushes but not hard enough to make a crisp line for your brows. Soft - I use them for shadow.
Only good for small portions of face, even so it's hard to get off, doesn't always dry consistently or at all, and irritated my skin. Did my whole face once and a portion didn't come off, had to keep scrubbing until that portion was raw.
Finally had a chance to use it, unable to open all the way as it is bent, had to get some tools to fix the bent parts and now it works ok.
Not ideal for thick hair. It will hold a small french twist if you have a chin length bob but anything longer requires two.
Didn't fit as expected...
Don't know if it fully works yet but it's a bit bulky
This basically rips your hair out.
Not the product I ordered!
Would not purchase again. Made our of mineral oil, causes pores to fill and makes pimples worse. WARNING STAY AWAY!!!!
The larger roller doesn't roll smoothly, and the foam insert in the box doesn't even fit the size of this product 🤔
Didn't like it. I didn't expect it to hurt as much coming off. Not getting again.
The bundles had an unpleasant smell to them when I first received them. My first week the hair was fine although there was a lot of shedding. I am almost 3 weeks in and the hair is getting kind of stiff but not too bad and there's still a lot of shedding and it doesn't even look like loose wave. It looks more like a body wave to me . I wouldn't order this hair again but maybe your experience may be better than mine.
Works fine but nearly impossible to pump. You have to use two hands!
I bought my daughter this because she was constantly stealing my Mason Pearson. It arrived with the middle bristle missing but as kids are often anxious to try new things, she said she didn't care and used it anyway. Its been 3 months now and the 2 adjacent clumps of bristles are missing and most of the middle bristles are broken. My first Mason Pearson was the brush my mom bought in college that I then took and used for another 10 years. So it was 30-40 years old when I finally threw it away. Now I've had one for 10 years and it still looks new. So tempting to save money and buy something cheap, but in this case its just a waste of money. Buying my daughter the Mason Pearson now.
I ordered the Birthday Cake/Confetti Cake duo. I LOVE Treat Beauty's lip balms and I LOVE the Birthday Cake lip balm....BUT the Confetti Cake smells and tastes like rancid, old cooking grease. This isnt the norm for Treat Beauty products so I'm wondering if its possible for these balms to become rancid? I have multiple scents/flavors and I'be never smelled something this bad in a lip balm ever.
I mean the mirror itself is good but the suction cups aren't strong. Mine doesn't even stick to the wall. Wouldn't recommend this product.
I did not realize this product is 60% rubbing alcohol. Brutally drying - I can't use this on my face... which is the main use case for a sport stick. I'll be trying to return it because there's no way I can use this. Maybe as a hand sanitizer.
I would have liked more colors and shades to select from. The color was overwhelming to my skin color.
It rubbed my foot causing more pain than the problem it was bought to treat
Not impressed. I was excited to use this, but it is not that great. It feels nice when you first put it on, but it dries your skin real quick. Not a good primer. I got the black top bottle, which other reviews say it's fake.
I like the product, however, the mixing cup arrived cracked (and therefore useless). The last time I ordered this product, the cup was a sturdier plastic. It's not particularly convenient that I now need to purchase another small cup to mix bleach in...
2 starts because I have no idea whatsoever what the hype is all about. Perhaps I received a counterfeit? Skin tightening?- nope, shimmer?-none, intensely moisturizing?- not more than any other lotion. The scent is nice but similar to a bath and body works lotion. Can't justify the price, given that this isn't anything remotely special. I was expecting much more, based on the product description and reviews. Again, it's possible that I may have received a fake product....I guess I'll never know. Anyhow, I will be returning this to amazon.
This brush head is less effective with cleaning than the one the sonicare came with. Will not buy anymore of this.
These brushes was not that good used the foundation brush and it did not work I try the fan brush and it did not pick up no product the eyeshadow brushes was good but had the brush hairs falling out this is my first product that I would not recommend.
I was trying to straighten my lashes. No luck. It may curl lashes but wont straighten.
It falls apart too quick compared to the price tag. Looking for another sponge already. Durability is a problem with this sponge
Too dark for my fair skin and I didn't think it blended well
It's super curly, so the full effect of the bun is really small and tight. It would be pretty on my young daughter for ballet or something, but i dont feel put together in it. I'm displeased with the color too...it's quite a bit more blonde than on amazon and even my camera doesn't pick up the buttery tones, so it's hard to describe. :( It doesn't match my hair color at all. I know things like this are a Swing and a miss, but I had high hopes and even compared it to the color of the hair scrunchie that I currently have. Again, on amazon and even in my picture here, the color appears darker which would match, but it's a dark butterscotch. (Kind of got it to show in the second pic...both pics are the same hair piece.) The quality of the actual product feels nice, and the fake hair isn't shiny synthetic...but overall it's a thumbs down from me.
Well I had HIGH expectations for this sock, but it was a Huge let down. There is NO support for the heel, which is why I purchased it, and then with no support no relief from the heel pain. Now it did bring comfort to me ankles but my ankles wasn't the issue.
Not well made. Good ornament
I bought this kit when I was looking for a cuticle remover. I figured these tools, that comes in a set in a convenient case would solve my problems. The case zipper was made so poorly, the case does not even completely shut. I tried zipping it and the zipper just broke off immediately, the product is cheap and the case is pretty much useless. If you're working on your own nails, this cuticle cutter does not have that retractable spring to ease your manicure needs. The cuticle cutter here is hard to use on your own hands when it does not have the spring. I do have to say I like the scoop tool, and the cuticle pusher. Those work just fine for me.
Could not understand controls.
This item arrived with the large jade roller unattached from the rod. I was able to place it back where it belonged but the entire thing snapped in two upon use. I am returning and will not be purchasing this one again.
I use allot of oils for many things, this brand had no effect on our daughter.
Snapped in half and tangles easily. Was using it on extensions so may have been my fault but it was really difficult.
Pretty cheap quality. Would not buy again.
These wipes seem to clean well, but the scent is similar to that of mentholated mildew. Perhaps on the shelf too long?
Powder comes out ok but the brush sheds so after applications i'm Covered in the brush hair and need to get these off my face. Will not be purchasing again
I love the concept of this toothbrush, but the music that it plays sounds awful. It actually scared my daughter when we turned it on (it starts with a loud, abrupt sound) and now she won't use it at all. The only part she did enjoy was decorating it with stickers.
Does not rub in and I got totally burnt when I used it.
I have sensitive skin and even though it is dermatology approved it broke my head out. So I gave it to my daughter.
I have very long, fine hair and these are just a no-go for me. They got so stuck in my hair and I could just hear how much damage was being done. And the results were way too sub-par for me to be willing to rip them out of my hair again. It looked like I just blow-dried my hair. I'd rather do that- it's quicker and much less painful. I'll be trying the Conair pillow soft curlers next!
Item arrived damanged and oozing purple shampoo everywhere. Huge mess....
this is a great palette in terms of the variety of colors enclosed. I wanted to have colors for a mermaid costume and for a dragon costume. the eyeshadow colors are wonderful. the problem is the formulation of the powders. the light colors are barely noticeable on the eyelid. and the dark colors go on clumpy and while you are fussing with the proper application of the colors on your eyelid, you don't notice how the colors are raining down all over your cheeks. and then once you get your eyes to look ok, you have to deal with aqua or navy or purple eyeshadow that is all over your face. I should have just gone to the pharmacy and bought a smaller palette for each costume from revlon or loreal. I am giving these away asap. these are a "no".
Please note,, these are not for waterproof mascara!
I was really excited to try this out as I had been receiving a ton of ads for Brickell. Unfortunately this was a major let down as it is very liquidy and I feel like it doesn't get a good scrub and clean. Kiehls face wash is much better
There's no option for you to adjust the heat setting and it doesn't warm up very fast at all. It'll work better if you have thin, fine hair... disappointed in the product. It felt awkward to use and ended up pulling my hair more than it did straightening it.
Not that great. Did not work for my hair.
Worked about half of the time.
Didn't really see results. I have used it twice for about 30 minutes. On the bright side it does not have the awful odor that other masks tend to have.
Way too oily, made me break out. I had to return it. I was disappointed since usually Neogen products perform exceptionally well for me. I'm a loyal customer of Neogen's products.
Takes to long to soften and is to scratchy.
What I feel on this mask is sharping itch but my face still okay just felt weird.
They are packaged on strips of glue which make it difficult to get the lashes off without ripping, the magnets are not lined up evenly so it doesnt sit right
Is to early to tell if works or not. For heir loss
After watching some crazy folks on YouTube, I decided I should give this a try...well...it didn't seem to do any better than those pore strips. Also, I couldn't get it to turn off. I sent it back.
It came opened and used. I guess I just have to disinfect before using
Nice product, unfortunately not good for sparse eyebrows, looks too artificial
It doesn't remove all hair
its smaller than I expected but its does a good job exfoliating but its really small
Terrible taste but it works
I was looking forward to trying this product. It was a reasonable price and arrived in nice packaging. When I tried it for the first time, however, after it dried out, it started flaking off my skin wherever I rubbed my face, creating a kind of dry skin/dandruff look on me. ICK! I thought maybe it was the way I applied it, so the second time I tried using it, I used less...and had the same effect. I ended up returning the merchandise. I didn't even want to give it away.
Does a poor job on any length of hair or beard. Very noisy. Waste of money.
First it came with no directions. Second, I used the nose hair attachment in my nose & it smelled like burned hair...it worked ok but scary & not sure it was supposed to smell like that. Third, I have no idea how to use the eyebrow attachment . The plastic cover doesn't seem to come off but I DN understand how it works with the cover on ??? I shaved the hair off my arm with the one attachment & it seemed ok. I'm a 64 year old woman, not a man btw. I have a few more days to work out these issues before I need to return it. I suppose the answers I get, if in time, will determine what I'll do.
Curl pattern is nice but the hair itself is hard and tangles very quickly and easily.
I like the product because it spreads farther the product I was using before. It soothes the chaffing with one or two uses.
After use i had tiny bumps on my face like a rash. I gave it a couple days and tried it again just to make sure that the product had caused it and the same thing happened again. Switching to a more natural product.
One works great and the other not at all. There are better alternatives.
The glue it comes with is trash and it came almost empty. Everything else is fine.
My husband was not thrilled with the smell ... Very manly but also very powerful. Whole house smelled of it for hours and it was hard to get the fragrance off your hands too after helping spread it on his back, which did not please me. He said itching was better for a bit and it felt good at the start but, because he will not be using it again, he can not say how well it might have worked after a few days use. Goes on well. Lightweight cream that seems to absorb quickly.
My razor does not hold a charge. It was fully charged and died within 3 minutes. Put it back in the charger and red light was blinking for 5 minutes then turned solid. Tried shaving again and died within 3 minutes. Impossible to complete shaving with this product. I have had it since March and used it 2-3 times. Very disappointed!
Ordered two of these diffusers, one broke within 2 weeks. Will not diffuse at all. Bummer!
So disappointed that they are so slippery. Have lost two stemless wine glasses already. Glass seems to just launch from these even when taking special care, knowing these gloves are similar to a slip and slide. Very disappointed.
The razors are hard to use with their large orange panel above the blades Leave a decent shave but not a value per se. priced for what you get
Not for me. Too much like a magic marker for e
I thought this worked at first but then realized after a week or so I still have acne on my arms. I've also started developing acne on my legs and chest area
Worked fine for about four months, than it died.
color and shape are identical but it's a solid 1/3 smaller or more than the picture shows. it's virtually unusable on a grown mans' face. my 10 year old thinks it's great though. ;-)
I bought this because I heard it would help with my hormonal chin acne. Sadly that was not the case, I noticed no difference over two months of use twice daily. However, if it works for some people, it is a great value, I still have half a bottle left! It does smell really nice though and I liked it as a refreshing scent particularly to start my morning.
These are hokey at best.
I give this razor low marks. Was hoping to be able to use it between blade shavings but it takes several passes over the same area to cut fully. I tried several different methods: circular, side to side, up and down, against the grain, you name it, usually all of the above each time. Then after a year the head has begun to corrode, with holes in it. didnt realize the tiny holes at first til i cut myself. I do not recommend this razor. I expected much much more from Braun. I've long thought they were the king of razors. No more. Im looking for a way to return it.
My 4 year old daughter and I were really excited to get these hair ties. Unfortunately they are not as pictured! They are very small!! Even for a younger child. We only received two with the polka dot material and NO striped ones. The others are Hello Kitty, Mickey Mouse and weird fluorescent florals. I was very disappointed :(
Got it fast but some colors leave a grainy feeling.
Fogs up every single time!
Very good for one or two shaves. they go dull fast, wish they still made the older one called Good News they shaved nice and lasted a long time.
Okay so the product itself isn't horrible. It does the trick. The only thing is that the glue burns your eyes a little while it's drying. I'm not sure if it's just me but other than that it's good
The smell is off. The shampoo smells better than the conditioner and they smell so different. When purchased I had uncolored hair. My hair is straight, in between thick and fine. It's now lightened/colored and I dont like this shampoo for my natural or colored hair. If you have a similar hair type I wouldn't suggest this.
order once just does not work for me .
The GUA Sha part came broken. The broken piece wasn't even in the box so they shipped it like that. The roller makes a squeaking sound.
You cant move your head or it will tumble off because of the weight unless you use a staple gun
Works great but it doesnt even last 3 weeks. One pump per application, once a day. Wouldnt mind spending $18 on it if they added another ounce.
Doesn't really get in to every groove. It's a good gimmick but not for the price. Have to brush longer than 30 seconds for sure. I do it at least 2-3 times and still wind up with stuff between my teeth and I do all the motions I can think of during those times.
It looks and feels pretty but doesn't deliver the promise
This was a gift for my niece so I don't know how the nail polish looks for lasts. However, there is absolutely no packaging, so as a gift you are on your own to dress it up. Only 3 or the 4 colors advertised were included. We got a duplicate one of the others. These may be a "deal" but it is nice to know what you are getting.
no difference..Returned for refund..
More hassle than cleaning
I ordered the mocha and coffee bean.....but today I received Italian Mocha.....although that's not what I paid for I will just keep it and not reorder again....
The only bad thing is after 2 months barely works. Small amount of mist
I was dissapointed with this, i saw a video of a girl with purple hair and within 30 seconds of her putting this on her head her hair was blonde. It did not do that for me. I do give this product credit because it did lighten some of it but not a whole lot of it and i had a variety of different colors. The first picture is before i used this product and the second 2 are after i used this product.
not what I expected. must be used with dry hair and makes my naturally curly hair a bit fuzzy and fluffy. as the day goes on my hair grows and grows. if I could have returned it I would have. my bad. I waited too long to use it the 1st time.
it doesn't work i went out and bought one from the store
Not has specified straps are broken but the curls were beautiful the part was not sowed correctly
Used every day for a week and nothing.
The cap was missing. I didn't see any mention of that
The lights do absolutely nothing. Very disappointed with it.
Texture is nice, but the front lace is to obvious. I could not cover it completely
One side of my eyelashes appears thicker than the other.
I have tried the product 4 times now, following all the directions. I still got a rash over the entire area. I have emailed the seller and requested a full refund and am waiting for a reply. so far, she has been very receptive and trying to help with instructions and guidance. unfortunately even doing everything she said, I still got a rash.
The product was OK but the company pushed back the arrival date 4 times till it took over a month to get a week delivery and they didn't offer any kind of compensation which I feel was due
These were big and sat awkwardly in my hair. The concept was nice but I think the execution fell flat. I never use them but I also haven't thrown them away because that would be admitting I was wrong. I won't let the hair pin win.
I bought these for my boyfriend because he usually wears Old Spice and the price was pretty great. Unfortunately, he broke into a rash and couldn't even finish the first deodorant stick. Unfortunately, we won't be using the rest. Since the overall rating for this product is high, this may be a rare case, but a few of the other reviews suggest the same. Be careful! Item did ship on time and included everything!
I like the product but delivery is horrible. Takes about a month to receive product.
I purchased this as it had some good reviews. Looks very fake and I will not wear it. I'm going to return it.
Painted my baby's nails with this and it chipped off almost immediately. It just won't stay on for any length of time. Disappointed because it's so cute.
Hi the product is working great but what is the side effects because I notice my body is covered in rash and itching really bad because I used it all over my body what can I do
was really wanting my hair dyed and it did not take to my hair at all and i have light hair dyed bleach dye and still did not work :(
Received product. fast and worked great the first couple times, unfortunately it started to clump. I get this same mascara from my mom who is a MK director, but since I live out of state from her and was out of my beloved love lash mascara I thought I'd try ordering from Amazon. It's disappointing the item got clumpy, this was my first experience with it happening to this mascara and I've used it for years, it must be the sellers care of it prior to purchase. Buy direct from a consultant.
Not impressed at all, not nearly enough variation in trim lengths for the $ I expected much more versatility.
I wanted to love these. Better quality than other travel containers I've purchased. They're the perfect size for a short trip, adorable, and had an inside lid that supposedly prevents leaks. It was fine for thicker creams (lotions, etc.) but my shampoo leaked all over the plastic bag and created a big mess at the TSA checkpoint, despite the fact I had the lid on tight. I had to throw them away rather than drag a dripping bag onto the plane. Stop saying these are leak proof when, at this point, you are clearly aware these are not.
it doesn't live matte finish, very watery
doesnt stay to long on a skin
I had high hopes for this product, but it simply doesn't condition hair well. I still have most of the bottle remaining, and have since moved to a better product.
Product is easy to put on. Shortly after it breaks up and oxidizes/rubs off easily. Even with MAC Fix spray it doesn't stay on. The color does fit with fair skin but is a little yellow for my undertones. Not a horrible product but if you have any kind of oil to your skin it will slip right off.
The decreased screen sensitivity is bad. I have to remember to smash the buttons on my screen to type or make selections. The edges don't seal completely. I just installed mine last night and already have dust and hair under the edges.
The picture shows 2 jars which I expected to receive. The fine print says 1 pc. Its quite deceiving and wrong. If i had known it was only One, I would've gotten something else. Its quite irritating.
The bristles fell out of these on the very first use, I was horribly disappointed.
Perhaps I got a bad batch or expired bottle. I wanted to like it because I'd rather support companies here in the Great Lakes region rather than the east or west. Of the products I've tried (with similar ingredients) to fight fungus, this is one I definitely won't buy again.
I cannot comment on this item as I will have to return it; one of the 2 bottle received expired 6 months ago. The other had about 8 months remaining before expiration.
It made my teeth sensitive an didn't really see much change
Doesn't work with Alexa
The consistency is watery like egg whites liquid hand soap is thicker. It took a few pumps (6 pumps) and 2 applications to feel like my hair was fully cleansed.
Very disappointed. It's great dryer, but very poorly designed with attachments. They don't click nor stay on. Falling off all the time. Besides that they say it's light , but it's nit. It's kind of heavy. Mainly I don't like because attachments falling off. Useless at all
Left flaky pieces of skin everywhere for over a week yet somehow didn't actually soften the calloused rough patches on my heels. Disappointing.
I have bought a few bath brushes before from Amazon. I bought what I thought were sturdy MENS' BRUSHES. No, they were small and flimsy. I bought one with a wooden construction that looked sturdy, with real bristles (not plastic) and the bristles fell out. Lately, I bought a brush with neoprene (sp) bristles & 20 " handle. It was a ladies brush. PLEASE get a LARGE BRUSh, sturdy, with good bristles for Us Guys! I'll pay more for something better!
The brush, 1.5 in by 3 in, is best for dolls. The bristles are best suited for exceptionally thin hair. However, the comb works very well with it's long tines and compact size. I would not have purchased this product had the brush dimensions been part of the product description.
Received totally different product but at least got a refund.
This did not have the staying power that the Sport scent and Fresh scent versions has.
Good price for but the quality not that good.
Thinking a skin scrubber might be a good tool to improve my skin and clean out my pores. At first use I didnt see much difference, I figured I might not be using correctly and after watching a few different youtube videos I thought maybe I wasnt using enough strength. But after awhile I think maybe its just not the right tool for me.
worked ok for 10 months then would not turn on. Waste of money.
Very very tiny and not worth the price. I mean geez didn't know it was that small. Doesn't work anyway. Doesn't activate your curls or nothing. Feels very light on hair like there's nothing there. Won't buy again. Way to expensive for something that don't even work. Two stars because it smells wonderful!
The smell of this stuff was unbearable for me. I ended up giving them away.
Two of the heads came apart taking them out of the package.
easy to peel off but not sure its really does anything.
Actual product is cheap made, flimsy and light weight compared to the ones from bridal shops
I purchased this and the scent was no very strong. Like watered down. Also the scent did not last but 5 minutes. Would not recommend.
They only worked for a week. Did not clean well at all. Got the job done barely. I would not recommend. The Brussels all fell out
To me, this smells nothing like lemons. It's pleasant but I would have liked more of a lemon scent.
Was great in the beginning, but as you stopped, left skin looking like it had crack Mark's. Dark tan with white cracks.
I can't speak on whether it works or not but bottle wasn't spraying so I opened it up to find this slimy glob. Not sure what it is but i won't be using it.
Not as expected. I think I need something different for my dry hair.
Product stopped working
This bar of soap arrived broken in 4 pieces. I am aware that it could've been broken during the delivery process so I guess I wish this had been packed a little better. I tried to salvage the soap but when I used the broken pieces, it would just crumble into more pieces. The scent I ordered(Crisp IPA) is supposed to be a lighter scent but unfortunately mine had zero scent. My experience with this bar of soap was not a good one.
This is the second time I have bought these ponytail bands, the first batch had good elasticity but this batch has almost none, ie, they have little hold and just fall out unless I put some other elastic band in to hold them in place.
I'm not sure it works
Didn't really like product
Nose hair trimmer attachment tickles your nose but doesn't really do much else other than that. Unit worked fine for sideburns.
Unfortunately did not stop my shedding or hair loss at all. Been using it for several months now. I appreciate the ingredients and engineered formula and I am sure it works for others, sadly no luck for me.
The colour on this was perfect for a cosplay, but this is hands down the worst wig I've ever purchased. The mesh is extremely loose, closer to a mesh you'd see in basketball shorts than a wig mesh. There's no modifying the hairline of this as any movement away from the wig's default makes the mesh visible. The adjustable hooks on the inside were sewn badly and unusable as well. The wig fibers were obviously plastic and extremely light and fine textured, and I sincerely doubt they could hold up to any wear time longer than a few minutes. This only got two stars because the colour was exactly as pictured.
Doesn't grab plaque well enough.
The product could be fine but unfortunately despite the fact that I purchased it in the US and had it delivered to an address in the US, it arrived with a European plug. My aunt is trying to find the correct adaptor now and hopefully we can review the product then!
The tiniest amount leaves my hair stringy and oily.
Doesn't work up a lather. I did not feel like my hair was clean after using
I have ordered this product before in the past and loved it but this time it did not work and it has burned my eyelids and the ski underneath my bottom eyelash. I will order this product again but not from this site. Its too late now but i would return remaining product if i could.
cheap, not as appear in display picture
Visit your doctor before using any hormone replacement, even over the counter. While this product seemed to improve some of my symptoms, it created other health issues. Too much of a good thing is not a good thing.
I bought this to use on my postpartum belly and boobs for added moisture and to try to help return elasticity... however, I ALWAYS have to put cetaphil cream lotion on on top of this product because it just doesn't stay hydrated with this product. I don't know if it's pure hyaluronic acid like it's advertised...
They definitely didn't make my ultra sensitive teeth hurt. However I say zero improvement in the color.
Too liquid like melted when got a little hot and dropped all over me
While the bottles are nice, the spray feature is lacking. Only one of the two I received works and the one that does work is crappy. I would not purchase this again. Does not work well.
Although the packaging appeared to indicate this was a genuine Panasonic item the replacement blades and foil was not up to the quality I have come to expect from Panasonic. Where every replacement foil and blade set I have ever received from Panasonic has made my shavers perform like brand new this certainly did not. Certainly not worth the money that I spent.
Too long and not as described
The deodorant itself is really good. The packaging chips easily (one came chipped) and the roller ball gets stuck making it hard to use the product
My husband says this cuts the hair but also pinches your face at the same time. The packaging was weird, just in a plastic bag. One of those things we can't trust to buy on Amazon.
Helped my lips, but made the are around my mouth break out.
so its pretty limited. you cannot connect to it through your wifi network. the only ways to connect to it are through a wireless enabled device. so if you have a laptop or phone that can pickup on a wireless signal the unit produces, then the connection can happen. but if you have a desktop like myself with an ethernet cable hooked up to your modem? well then you are out of luck. also there is a pretty loooong lag between connections and its normally needs to buffer for at least a couple minutes before any type of playback will happen.
This product did not work for my clippers, wouldn't even cut. I had to return and default back to blade from Sally's.
Would never buy again.
Was great for a week or so. But then the boning poked through. I measured for a medium and ordered a medium and it didn't get tight enough
So disappointed- did not receive a little duck like many of the other reviews mention and didn't receive some of the types of bath bombs they show such as cocoa kiss.
If you have coarse facial hair at all, this is not for you.
I bought this trimmer on May 2019 and here I am in September 2019 with a broken piece of the product. Good trimmer while it worked but worked only for 4 months twice a month usage. Part break off suddenly almost cut my self with it.
The stamp images are smaller than my nail bed and some of them are not deep enough to get a crisp design.
This did not work as well as I had hoped. I have dark, almost black hair. And when I put this on, it looked like more of a white paste instead of gray hair. The woman in the picture, her hair was DYED silvery gray and her color was not achieved through this pomade. What I did like about it was that it was very easy to wash off of hands, skin and hair. It would work as part of a costume but not for wearing on a daily basis.
So they lied right off and say that it has free shipping but it doesn't
Very messy didn't really work
I'm sorry, but I typically like Carol's Daughter products but this edge gel is weak! Maybe I didn't use enough or something, but I find it to be a bit wet and the hold is weak.
The wax breaks into pieces.
Very tiny and difficult to use. The clear fluid seemed to be empty, but finally got a blob out. This sample pack does NOT encourage me to buy this line of cosmetics.
It take forever for the polish to come off with these pads
Recieved an already opened container, evidently the protection seal was peeled back half way. It's unfortunate because I heard wonderful things about t from a friend. However, it makes me feel uncomfortable paying for a product from a dishonest seller. :( Hope this is just a glitch.
Not a fan of the smell and feel.
This product is great! What's not great, when the bottle comes half empty. The bottle I received had a huge air bubble in it, the bottle was only half full.
Does NOT shine like chrome as stated, but more like just a polish. Disappointed in it and won't order again. I do not recommend this product
Love the smell of finer bread, cinnamon, vanilla, ect. But these don't smell great. They smell extremely synthetic.
It doesn't get very hot. You have to do really small sections of hair at a time otherwise it doesn't work. Loses battery super fast. I have fine, thin hair so it works for me but I wouldn't recommend it to someone with thick or curly hair.
Cheap made tips, specially the nose piece which used the most, comes off and u see cheap plastic
I was excited to try cera ve lip balm with sunscreen. It is thick and looks like white film. It does not spread easy or last long.
Would have given a 5star review but I got sent the wrong colors.
I have been using this product for a few months now and it has not lightened up any of the dark spots I have on my skin. As a matter of fact, it contributes to my breakouts and makes my skin feel like there is a film left after washing. It is orange in color so it stains towels. I won't buy it again.
It is great idea, but if it were just a lot brighter. Not as illuminating as I described. I us it as a supporting light with other lights, there is no way it would be good on it's own.
I have to apply 5 coats to get mascara to even coat my lashes. Not worth the money. Very pretty container, but mascara itself sucks.
The scent is pretty good, but this melts when I put it in my pocket and gets all over the lid so if you live where is warm frequently, probably not a good purchase. Also, I find myself having to reapply way more frequently than regular chapstick
Ised it to flash cure gel on nails. It worked great for about a month, now it doesn't cure anything.
Was very hard for me to keep it wrapped up and in place. Couldn't wrap as tight as I would have wanted and get it to fit to the button. Having it as loose as it needed to be to fit to the button had it coming untwisted and falling out quickly
Nice product..when it works. The touch button is defective. Lights don't turn on when I press it so I try holding the mirror at different angles until eventually it works.. thought it was the batteries but even after checking that they are secure, the problem persists.
The brush had no packaging whatsoever. I expected it to be in some kind plastic packaging but this was open.
All of the regular brushes broke after using them for a week. The Oval ones worked well.
I am not sure what all the fuss is about. This product smells old, rancid, and will not even be appropriate for hand soap. This was a total waste of money.
I used this brush less than a week and it started cracking and falling apart. I contacted the company directly to see if they would replace it!
Nothing against the vendor on this one, they were just way too much for me. I didn't care for the look it gave. too much lash and too fake looking. i like the more natural look.
no undertones so it looks cheap not worth 40 dollars
Great color but it arrived broken
This would make a great travel mirror. However unfortunately, the lights were so bright I couldn't see my face well about to apply makeup. The side mirrors were too small too!
The bath bomb didn't fizzle and disintegrate like it's supposed to. I had to break it for my kids to be able to get to the toy. It was disappointing overall. It also left a film on the tub.
The slap band things suck but the donut buns are good.Wouldve Just spent less money on a package of only donut buns instead :/
I bought this travel size to try it out and as I would be traveling. My first trip with it was a disaster, the product came out of the bottle and spilled every where. This was a 1 ounce bottle and all my liquid travel products were covered. I would not recommend buying this if you want something that you can use on the go.
While it works as moisturizing, it IS scented, which wasn't mentioned in the description. I am allergic to scents, and it makes my skin itch worse than before I put it on! BTW - the tube I received looks nothing like the one pictured.
I bought the two pack for $16 (Thought that was too expensive but did it anyway) and it worked no better than any other Antiperspirant Deodorant Stick I have tried in the past. Save your money.
I bought this for my son - we've had it for a year. The shaving quality is horrible. He has to go over and over spots to even get any kind of a shave.I thought he was just doing a poor job but finally he tried my husbands Panasonic and we were stunned at how much better it was. Throwing this one in the trash.
Worked well for a while, and then it stopped heating suddenly after a couple of months of use.
It doesn't smell like almonds at all it smells like diaper wipes. Which isn't an unpleasant smell but smells nothing like almonds. Don't waste your money on this.
Didn't last like it should have. Less than a year old. Want to return it and seller won't refund me.
Still using it. No comments
I know everything doesn't work on everyone. I have never had sensitive skin and this gave me a super-itchy rash all over my face and jaw. I didn't think it was the cream because I have never had a reaction like this with any product. I waited a week and gave it another try and woke up in the middle of the night clawing at my face. Even after washing of the rash lasted two-three days. I loved how creamy it was (rub between your palms to warm up) and it absorbs nicely.
Worked well until it broke :( Had it for about 2 months and used it a few times a week. Very disappointed in the quality.
I bought these, thinking I would try false lashes for a wedding I was attending. I have never wore false lashes before because I was leery about using glue on my eyelids. The lashes arrived really fast and were in a nice little compact, but when I tried to put them on it was very difficult. Once I got one on, I felt like there was a caterpillar on my eyelid, very heavy and didn't look very attractive to me If you're used to wearing false eyelashes, they might be great for you but not me not me. I threw them away.
I love them. But I am disappointed because there wasn't very many and they aren't long enough for my hair. I was hoping to get more than what I got.
Giving this two stars because the bar of hand soap was not in the package. This came in only a plastic wrap, no box. Would like the hand soap since that is what the description mentions this item came with.
Alcohol to high on the ingredient list...really disappointed.
Smaller than I thought and I was expecting it to be normal size and not like a doll brush but I am going to use it for my purse.
Signal drops when windy or raining. Good picture when it does work.
The product arrived and a small amount of it had already leaked out of the bottle. Someone had recommended this to me to use on my hands for dry skin. I used it for several days but did not notice any appreciable difference in my hands. Since the product said that it was anti aging and effective on wrinkles on skin I decided to use it on my face as well. I did not notice any difference on my face either. Some commenters have said that they could feel the skin tightening immediately. I did not experience that at all. All in all, this stuff is pretty expensive and it did not do what it claimed to do so I would not buy it again.
The rubber tips are very annoying. Threw it away.
Love this product but 1 bottle was cracked and taped at the bottom (so they knew about it) but still leaked all over, both pump handles were also cracked. Luckily I had an old bottle to transfer it to.
I like the oil and the Hot cream so I am keeping the purchase. BUT BUYER BEWARE - I did not get the suction cups or the scrubber mit as stated in the description. I tried contacting the company and have yet to receive a reply a week later.
The powder side was completley dry & the other side is hard as a rock & hard to use.
I have only used it for a week and a couple of bristles have come out. Better than another brand I tried where they all came out of one hole
5% tea tree oil. and you can't really smell it. also you need like 7+ pumps just to really lather up!
Make sure you will be in very little light and no one will be up close. Very thick and fake looking. Wanted something to cover but look somewhat natural.
Doesn't help with wrinkles or lines at all
I should have read the description better. These are plastic bags NOT socks. The picture on their package is extremely misleading. These ripped easily. It is dangerous to walk in these.
It's made from a cheap, flimsy plastic. A person get's what they pay for with this item
This may be a good product, but I am extremely sensitive and allergic to synthetic scents. When this arrived in the mail I could smell it through the packaging. I used it in my 6 year old's mixed curly hair for 2 days. All weekend I was sneezing and itching my runny nose. I thought it was seasonal allergies. But when I was away from my daughter it stopped. I had to throw away the entire tub. It is light and creamy, it made her curls so pretty. I myself just could not be around the product.
I like the wig itself because of the fullness BUT it looks used!!
I was looking for a man size kit something that could cut my nails after only a short time both clippers became very weak and failed to do the job
Product arrived in bag with lotion all in it. Top pump broken.
This product was delivered in an amazon prime box & placed in a plastic bag. When I just opened the bag I felt the inside was wet. The cap had not been screwed on tightly & some of the liquid had drained into that bag. I'm not going to bother with returning this but will not order this way again!
I liked the product but it eventually broke when I only had it for 4 weeks, and I didn't damage it when it came
no dislike and used products to do grands hair I would recommend this product would purchase it again
This has tint in it like most but !!! This one has 3 times as much tint then most . Wish I would of returned it . Ruined my new bathing suit. I have used dozens of products over the years never been more disappointed...didn't even work that good
Not for me, may work for others but my hair didn't like it, dried my hair out
Would not buy again! This mitt is soft and spreads my self tanner nicely but the first time I used it, my fingertips turned color because the foam seeped into the glove. Now I have to put a plastic bag over my hand before putting it in the glove. Not worth buying. I will go back to using rubber gloves.
Smell doesn't last Loved the case it came in
Didn't do much after a month. Only a slight improvement on the deep crease I have under my eye, other than that my dark circles haven't lightened up. There is a slight difference on my eyelid, but that's the extent of getting rid of the dark areas around my eyes.
My tops are staying down and don't spring up(so far 2 out of 6). I was filling these and reselling them with my essential oils and I'm embarrassed that my clients got these faulty spray bottles. Ugh. Disappointed.
The best part of purchasing this product was the shipping process... I received it very fast. However, the polish is very thick and hard to apply an even coat... also, i LITERALLY just applied the polish and it is peeling on the sides of my nails .. very disappointing.
This is the 2nd exact wig I've purchased. The first one was great which is why I ordered a 2nd one. The 2nd one I received did not have as much hair and matted much faster than the first one.
This product did not do what it was suppose to! Waste of time and money!!
I had high hopes for this. I have become very sensitive to regular deodorant, so I was looking for something natural and without chemicals to help. After doing a great deal of research, I came across this product. I saw many good reviews and decided to try it out. I've been using for almost 3 weeks, but unfortunately it doesn't work for me and I am allergic to this as well. I developed a rash. Now, I will just have to go back to organic coconut oil and baking soda until I can find another alternative. Highly disappointed though.
I feel really ripped off by this purchase. This is my favorite perfume and I have been wearing it for a long time, but 1.7 fl. oz. is the standard size, and I have become used to that sometimes being listed as "1" so I ordered this (for almost twice as much as it usually costs because it was the best option) and sure enough it was 1.0 fl. oz., something I didn't even know I needed to look out for. In other words, I paid about 4 times as much as this product usually costs and I'm upset about it.
don't waste your money
I'd like to think I have a normal size head, but these were tiny! Gave them to my toddler girls to play with.
I bought this same product from a salon- worked great. Bought this one off amazon and it is a thinner consistency, dyes my hands purple in a way the other one did not, and has turned my hair a little purple despite only using 1x every 1-2 weeks. Would highly recommend the real one- not this one!!
Not very hydrating at all. It's just pretty to look at and it smells great.
I like the cream; however it is difficult to get out of the bottle. The pump at the top stopped working and the bottle is approx. 2/3 full and I can't get the cream out.
I bought this because I have sensitive skin. The first time I tried to use these 2 products I was initially overwhelmed by the very pungent fragrance! I happened to have sensitivity to fragrance added products and wasn't able to use this product line. Seemed like the product would have been great - however without the added fragrance! The sellers/manufacturers were wonderful to deal with and sent me another unsolicited moisturizer product - along with a make up sponge. It was very nice of them especially since I was unable to use the product and had returned both.
I like the lashes but I would love them if they would stay on. And, the gel is very dry and not easy to apply. I've only been able to successfully wear them twice. I've thoroughly cleaned them after both uses. Not sure why the gel is so dry. I haven't left the lid off and I cleaned the brush applicator after each use. Disappointing because (1) they're not cheap and (2) I would prefer to use them over lash adhesive but I'm back on the adhesive. Contemplating returning them.
As others have mentioned the button placement on the handle is less than ideal. It does cause you to press the off switch unintentionally. However, my biggest complaint is about the little gate protecting you from the suction of the fan. One thing to note, I have always had fairly long hair and have never had this issue with any other blow dryer I have ever owned but on many occasions, I have had pieces of my hair get sucked up into the holes and ripped out of my head! Not to alarm anyone, they were just small pieces after all, but imagine using this blow dryer over a long period of time. The hair adds up and will eventually cause some noticeable thinning. It's not a super cheap blow dryer so i continue to use it but now I have to use one hand to hover over the plate to make sure my hair doesnt get sucked up, twisted, and ripped out.
The shampoo is too clarifying. Not as good at regular micellar water.
I was excited to try a new iron with the infrared and the reviews seemed good, but I have used it 3 times since I got it and it's definitely not what I had expected. I have very thick and curly hair and previously was using the Croc iron which worked great for years, but it disappeared and I wanted to treat myself to a new type of iron thinking new would be better, but it sadly was not. My ends are extremely dry and I tried with a little Argan oil and without, neither worked better. I'm still experimenting with heat products as I have only been straightening weekly for a few months so I'm hoping there is a product that will assist the infrared technology in keeping my ends from frying. I gave it 2 stars because of the heat resistant bag it comes in, the length of the cord and how fast it heats up otherwise without these things, it would be only been worth 1 or less!
Hate this razor. Doesn't work well
Fragrance is too light. Doesn't last. Disappointed with this product.
This does not provide good coverage...i was hoping it would help because I have limited range of motion and needed a way to soften my skin easier...you have to use like half a can to get adequate coverage
Love the product, but the packing was terrible. Just a can of spray in a box with no packing material....lid was broken.
Dry out your lips and can be difficult to get an even application
this serum created a rash on the side of my face..i had only used a couple of times. I want to return this
Can't smell a thing even after I put a whole lot more oils than they said. The colour works.
This doesn't do what I thought it did. I thought it would cut much closer.
I received my mascara with the top right corner of the mascara open. So not to my surprise, I also received mascara that is dried out- probably used. Tossed it in the trash. Very disappointed as I was super excited to try this product.
I did not receive this item yet it says item has been delivered.
The oil arrived leaking all over bottom of bag. There was no seal on it.
If I had not waited too long, I would have sent this back. I just cant see a difference
Maybe this product is not suitable for me, my skin break out.
I am so disappointed I could scream! I spent several hours getting my hair braided with this hair and at the end of sitting for hours, this hair could not be sealed! The ends are very rough and overall like straw! The darkest color has also been fading into other surfaces. I feel very ripped off. The best thing about this product is the illusion of the quality. The coloring and packaging was nice. Please beware.
These are too thick, too long. Even if I was dressing up for a special occasion it would be too much! Maybe if I was a drag queen they'd work. Ha! They look very fake! Hoping the "woke up this way" kind look more natural. Just ordered those, so we shall see. They were not too hard to get on though, which was a plus! I watched lots of utube videos beforehand to get tips. I found putting the lower/bottom little lash under my natural lash line first then connect the top to each section one at a time worked better for me and doing it this way I got it right next to the lash line. They are very flexible and bent around the curve of my eye nicely. Which is great! They come in a curved container, so that keeps their shape nicely.
Not as good as I thought it would be Love the regular lotion
I do not like the smell it smells very cheap cheap it just looks good for decoration
Cheap & come apart quickly. Won't buy again
I did not get this palette and i ordered it but amazon helped me get refund which was great. I will repurchase and i hope its like the reviews
Cute but not practical
For the price I thought there was enough for two people and I was wrong. My husband always wanted to do a rubber peel off. He said the whole time it felt like someone came on his face. He didn't see a difference in his skin but his skin is already pretty nice except for enlarged pores
Makes lips incredibly dry
I did not like it. Not as described
I do not think this is authentic.
Ehh, it looked great but the I recieved was of course flawed and it ripped and well, you get the idea I'm sure...
Really don't like the smell and my hair feels kind of dry after using
Fast delivery they are some great flat irons but I have to say they do not get hot what so ever and I was so disappointed about that cause I been waiting to get my hands on these But thank you
Not the same smell as years ago :(
Used three times now and still has streaks. Box says tinted lotion so easy to see where you apply but the lotion is white.
Very oily to apply, has unpleasant smell and inefficient (used for 2 months and no change whatsoever)
It doesn't work very well and the attachments pop right off
This product did not work for me.
Just after a month of use, the bristles started coming off.
I tend to like plain rosewater. My skin might not like the glycerin, but someone else might still enjoy this product. I got dryness and splitting after use.
Not real henna. Low quality. Color does not last.
I wanted a thin bandage I could wear without it being noticeable, but this was way too shiny of a finish, it was obvious I had something on my face.
Comes with a netted cap, but the wig won't stay on very well, and it's impossible to hide the netted cap under the center part. Hair sheds all over the place.
Package arrived open and smashed. Unavailable for return. Will try another seller I guess
I want to like this product, but unfortunately the color doesn't dispense properly. If I draw on my hand it works but once I put it on my brow nothing seems to come out. The color is nice.
The colors are easy to apply but I don't have some of the colors advertised. I mainly received several versions of grey rather than some of the green/teal colors. So it's definitely not just a color on my screen difference, the colors aren't correctly advertised
Maybe a good idea but not great execution. Falls apart quickly, certainly not any better than any other. Expensive for what it is.
Not my favorite. The smell is pretty old man scent. Eh. Try another flavor.
This item will not last more than a year. The seams are held together by glue, so every time you lightly wash or rinse, the integrity drops, but at least the band was actually sewn down... I don't see why they didn't sew the seams. Then there's the band. The velcro is dead center behind your head, so unless you're a side sleeper, you'll definitely feel it behind your head. As I mentioned before, this item won't last more than a year... The elasticity of the band will eventually slack and loosen to the point of breaking from the slightest pull. From top to bottom this sleepwear was made to break apart. This is definitely something I won't buy again.
If you are intending to use these for cleaning, you are going to get frustrated. They don't work after a few weeks. The glass is nice, but th3 sprayer is junk.
Lasted six months! Won't charge anymore.
I'm not happy with it's quality. My daughter did not like this brush. I brought two brushes but I'm not happy with the quality of the product. We cannot replace the brush head. So after some days we need to buy new one. Its loud also. I would have spent little more money and brought little expensive one.
The scent is horrible... I'm sorry. That alone made it really difficult to use for fear of the smell being stuck on my hair... was this product actually made to smell like this or is this a dupe?
Brush worked great for first two sets then bristles began to fray. Cheaply made. Wouldn't recommend unless you plan to use for a very short time and then toss. This is my second brush from amazon and will be my last. Went ahead and bought an alpha brush and haven't had a problem since. This brush is great for practicing maybe but I wouldn't recommend using it on clients, as you will have less than desirable results.
Didn't really like the color. Nothing like the picture
Smaller in size than expected. No remote control (other brands have remote). Very small water reservoir which doesn't last long.
Looked very goofy in it Perhaps it's just me
Very poorly constructed. Doesn't even have a part. Hair just starts from everywhere. Don't waste your money sis.
I hated this product. The original Perfect is spectacular. Why did they feel the need to change it? Another reviewer said this just sits on your skin, and I agree. It feels terrible.
Clips do not stay on very well at all
broke skin during use...edges were rough.
This didn't seem to add moisture at all. It seemed to build up more on the hair and make it less controllable.
The overall consistency was fine and I honestly could not tell you if the product works after a few days, because I couldn't stomach the smell to use it longer then that. I mean I am sure it is fine if you like smelling like pine-sol. Not sure why the scent got so many great reviews. I have definitely smelled way better "woodsy" scents before. Kinda irritated I took a chance and wasted like 25 bucks. The brush was damaged and tough. Oh well. Live and ya learn.
very tacky, and when it drys it is extremely difficult to get off, very drying
This is too soft for me ii can not accurately exfoliate with this brush! Such a disappointment
This stuff makes a huge mess in and around the sink! Every time I use it I have to scrub everything afterwards. Because of the work involved I haven't used it enough to notice a difference in the whiteness of my teeth. The tongue scraper is nice.
I ordered 3 bottles because I had used this product from a hotel I stayed in. When I got the the product it was in gray tube and not pump bottle as shown and very watered down compared to product I had used. Very disappointed because I did love the product at hotel.
I have used different brands of eyebrow shapers for at least 10 years without ever cutting myself. I used these Noxzema shapers for the first time and I look like I was in the ring with Rocky, They are mega sharp and should have a warning label attached.
I bought a jar at store because this one one arrived late. Gel is extremely greasy and will clump up in your hair. Also Overpriced
Advertised as TALC, but not correct. No talcum is in this product. As for the product, I'm sure corn starch works fine for most uses, but this NOT Talc, so I am not able to use as needed. I'll find other uses as this is a small 4oz container.
Too much bang. Almost looked like a mullet
Loved this product but it only worked for 4 months!
Didn't like the smell, also really less lather 🧼
I was under the impression that this product will leave skin on my legs more smoother or at least properly moisturized but it was as dry as before the use (I already completed the product).
I was happy with this the first time I ordered it. I use it with jojoba oil as a makeup remover/facial cleanser. It had sort of a nutty smell, but not too pungent. I just ordered it again and this new bottle smells very strong and it smells more like some sort of car oil. I thought it would still be fine because the oil itself looked normal, but since I started using it about a week ago I have been breaking out more than I have in years. I also read a couple reviews stating that this product is not USDA organic. I'm not happy and will return it if possible. I probably won't be ordering from this company again.
I wanted to like it but the cleanser didn't feel like it cleaned my face and maybe it really didn't because it gave me breakouts. I gave it two chances to check if it was really the cleanser that was giving me the breakouts or something else and each time (maybe a month in between) It gave me breakouts. :(
I am 5'2 so i have considerably small hands im not sure if thats why but the stencils dont really match with my fingers and hand i had to cut the fingers and use separately
Leaves a weird residue film type texture on your skin. I never felt clean or moisturized or refreshed. Just slimy. I'm no doctor so I can't be sure, but I think this may have contributed to my worsening breakouts while using it. The product always separated in the bottle too, like an oil and vinegar phenomenon but uglier and brown, so I'd have to give it a good shake. Maybe that part is normal though, I'm not sure. All I know is this definitely just was not for me.
I love the fullness of the lashes, however never got the chance to ware them. I cant get them on properly. They dont stick together in place. They need longer magnets.
Shipping took forever and when they finally arrived they were not what was advertised. In the first pic the clip on the left is a different brand that holds great....the one on the right is this one, as you can see it's thinner thru the middle where the bulk of the hair goes. Because of this it slips and doesn't hold a large amount of hair well. The other two pics, this clip is on the top and the heavier duty one on the bottom. Guess you get what you pay for. And these clips cannot be returned.....that should've been my first red flag.
I've been using this product for more than two weeks. No sign of lessening pigmentation of acne scars.
Consistency was very low, like water. It says peppermint flavor but I couldn't taste. I forwarded my concerns to them and hope they can address these quality issues. The product definitely had whitened my teeth and want to purchase again if they can deal with my concerns.
Not what I expected...but manageable
Not easy to mix and spread on face
I was hopeful because it's fragrance-free, and I can't stand the overwhelming stench of most hair products. However, this stuff did not work very well on my hair. It made my hair feel rough instead of smooth. If you're sensitive to smells, but don't mind a little smell, try Enjoy Hair and Skin Treatment Oil. It works very well and has a mild "rose" scent.
would not buy again. cheap quality better to buy more expensive one than waste money on this product cheap hard thin plastic better quality found in a dollar store
comfortable, but get dirty fast.
Honestly, it didn't make a difference on my skin almost at all.
It didn't really work as much as I hoped it would. Yes, it was easy to remove but hurt so I had to peel off little by little. Maybe not the perfect product to use if you have sensitive skin.
I will start by saying that the brush is really soft but no matter how much of the powdered makeup gets on the brush non of it is getting on my face! I don't know if it is falling down into the brush or what, I just know it is not on my face. When I clean my face there is no makeup on the cloth so apparently this brush is not for me.
Most of these spatulas were in different colors and broken. It seems this product has a very poor quality
Comb part too short. Uncomfortable!!!
I needed some new tweezers that would be good at getting those newly grown brow hairs that are so hard to pluck. Unfortunately, these did NOT do the trick. I usually don't feel a thing when I tweeze my brows since I've been doing it for at least 20 years, but these hurt. I don't know if it's the fact they're too sharp on the edges or what, but they wouldn't pull the hairs out smoothly. I ended up sending them back for a refund.
The cables were usable for roughly 2 months now I'm down to 1 cable and every plugin is like rushing roulette
Product adhered to my skin for the first few applications, but now barely adheres and falls off my skin. Would not order this again.
Just didn't like this product
Very cheap and leak like crazy
Did not work never buying again
Just the packaging was impressive. It did nothing to my face at all. I had some expectations as this was organic and all.. but i was very much disspointed
They work...for like two times. I find they wear down very VERY quickly and mind you, im only using then on my natural nails. Disappointing, i thought I'd get more use out of them. Im currently down to two left and i only recently purchased them for use.
Battery doesn't hold a charge after only a few months
do not care for the conditioner, it makes my hair to greasy.
This product is not the same as the previous crème to foundation I have ordered and used for years. I have always used Bronze 2. The color of this foundation packaged with Bronze 2 showing as the color is quite lighter than the previous bronze 2. I am disappointed because it is hard for me to find a suitable foundation for my skin color. Why mess with a good thing? Not good Mary Kay!!
Normally I don't write reviews. In this case, am just sending out a warning to buyers. These lovely vials arrived and I shared them in a few events. Used about 12 vials. 3 people who received my blends later told me that their Roller Bottles that i had given leaked way too much oil and they couldn't use them. It's almost like the ball is too small for the plastic holder? or the plastic expands and then loads of oil comes out when one tries to use them. I can't return my pack of 24, so guess I will try to buy some replacement roller ball parts from a different company. I don't think I will be ordering from this company again.
I think this did tend to keep me drier and blocked odor better....but only for a short period of time, about 8 hours. But after those 8 hours passed, look out. I swear I smelled worse than I had before. And it gave me a bit of a rash. I first tried the lavender, which was very strong smelling. I also tried the blood orange which wasn't as strong smelling which I found preferable.
You get what you pay for I guess.
my eyes were very irritated after applying.
Didn't work for me I had an allergic reaction(FYI I did dilute)
I love using this hair spray. It works great! Unfortunately the size I recieved was not what was in the description. It says 2 10 oz. cans. What I received was 2 8oz cans. Won't be buying from here again!
I bought this because I finally finished with a bottle of Mesmerize from a few years ago and thought it would be nice to try all the products. The roll-on and body wash are just okay, but the body lotion was awful and had a weird, off-putting and cheap smell that didn't compliment the cologne at all. This new bottle of cologne is very weak and after about 1 hour there was no scent left. Nothing compared to the bottle I had just used. Not even close. The bottle and cap look different, too. It was like a very weak knock off. Not buying again.
This product arrived unsealed, no box, was thrown in a half open clear plastic bag and product spilled all over inside the amazon box onto my other items (the lid was not screwed on tight). Therefore I have half a bottle of product for use. Packaging was terrible.
Just received my item. There is suppose to be 8 lashes in package only received 7. One lash is shorter, thicker and a deep black compared to the others. Attaching is a little awkward until you get used to them. However once I got a set on they did not look good on. I looked like I had black hairy blob on my eyes. I thick they are great idea, I will look for a different style and color to try one more time.
The lash is wider than my eye. It can't be trimmed because the tiny magnets are at the ends of each lash.
The product box was torn and there was no charging cord. How can I use it if there is no way to charge it.
I sent this product back. It worked and was sent to me in a short period of time, but I needed a mirror with more light. The lamp did not provide any extra light which was the point of the purchase.
The main compartment zipper busted within the first few weeks. Not worth the money.
The rotation speed of it is really slow. I was hoping for a little more to it.
My son doesn't have terrible acne, he just has a lot of smaller breakouts on his forehead. I thought for sure this would work since the reviews are so great and his acne is pretty mild. Well, he used it for months and nothing's really changed. We're moving on to something else now. Maybe this isn't great for oily, hormonal, teenage skin
its has too much oil to be a scrub.
Great while it lasts but it doesn't last. The bamboo splits. 3 months, used once or twice a week and always hanging (not laying in water). Too sharp of splintering to use. Dry house-heat in winter alternating with humidity of shower is likely culprit. Maybe OK for tropical climes where you don't put on the heat in the winter?
I really liked the product but it broke not long after I bought it, the large end just broke off with normal use and was not repairable
This smells totally different (not in a good way) than the one I purchased from the store.
It's hard to believe with all of the beautiful fragrances on the market today that Princess Diana would have chosen this fragrance???? It's not horrible but I wouldn't wear it...
I saw no noticeable difference after using this except that my hair was definitely more dry and brittle. I found that John Frieda's lightening spray worked really well, though. That has been my go-to to gradually lighten and highlight my medium brown hair.
The best thing about this product is no gummy glue like the pastes and very easy to remove. Does NOT last 16 hours.
I used it and it really didn't work for me. Maybe I will use it again on another polish thats better.
The photo is not a good interpretation of the color at all
doesn't plump my lips much
Love this product but save your money! The bottle came only have filled 😡 not worth the money
Is not red , is orange. Very orange. And is hard to comb or style even after washing like the instructions said. You can see the net on top of the wig.It was for a quick costume so is ok but not for anything else
No. Just no. This stuff is thick and cakey....and yes I just put on a few dots. Do not use this if you have any wrinkles because it will settle right in them and make you look older. I gave it 2 stars because the shade was great. The coverage is okay but not worth the definition of my wrinkles.
This product did not have a good effect on my long straight hair, maybe if yo u scrunch it first with gel but my hair was dry amd poofed up like the instructions said. When i started putting it in my hair , my hair clumped up , i tried to brush it out and it did not work out the product dried very fast and when i brushed it my hair poofed up in some places and looked almost matted in other places. I think this is better for short hair.
While this worked great for my friend (cleared up dark spots she said), the cream did cause me to immediately break out overnight. My friend is Latina, and I am African-American. I would recommend trying this on a small part of your face, maybe the T-zone or wherever you are most acne prone. :(
Makes your hair really sticky
Good product wish I got what I ordered tho wanted something minty yet got just plain old vanilla
Smells good but I am dissappointed in the product. It doesn't add volume. I am not sure what it does.
The mascara came packaged and fine until I opened it and realized that the stopper was missing from the mascara. There is nothing preventing the mascara from all coming out when I pull out the brush. Mascara is unusable.
The product does what is it is supposed to do, smooth and exfoliate. It's messy like the other reviewers were saying. So it's decent in that aspect. Where it falls, short is the cheap packaging. If the mailman drops/throws it (as mine did, Amazon refunded the purchase and I had to buy another) or you do, its a goner. The coffee scrub is cased within a very thin and cheap plastic tub with aluminum top. You could crush it with one hand. A Pringles can is more sturdy. I couldn't believe how fragile it is. Overall its easy to make a mess in numerous ways. Because of that the scrub isn't that great to warrant another purchase. Might be better off looking for something else.
The last time I bought the lavender deodorant bar it did not do this. The scent is different, the color and consistency is off. It smells more like vanilla and a touch of cinnamon. Very disappointed with this item. All it does it sweat out fluid and oils. In room temps, not even 75 most days in my house so I don't understand. The last bar didn't sweat fluid like this and I bought it right before summer too. Still provides odor control but I'm still keeping my other deodorant stick on me
I love the product, but the product packaging was weird. Somehow ended up with two conditioners in the bag instead of one shampoo and one conditioner? Will not be purchasing the set again for fear this will happen again. I see some reviews saying it 'felt like two conditioners' and they should check to see if this happened to them. It was a sealed bag with the wrong contents. Luckily, Amazon is good about fixing the mess ups of their sellers. Before anyone says I'm rating the item badly for packaging, this was the bag the product is sold in, joico branded packaging.
No matter what I do, I can't get these to be invisible at all.
These sponges are too hard for me to use even after soaking them in water. Pretty upset with the product.
the price is ridiculous. the product is ok, it certainly DOES NOT grow your hair. all in all, for about half price it would be nice product.
Happy it's organic but it doesn't last even a couple hours and I've got smudges.
I purchased this hoping there would be some combination of the three colors in the palette that would blend on my tan skin, but even the darkest color is too light. Moreover the colors looks dark but once applied it's fairly light and feels very cakey. Wish the formula wasn't so dry.
An awesome fit and Finally! Real satin!! Update.. Lasted not even one week. Stained everything
I wouldn't buy this again. It has torn my gums up to the point where they're painful - that happened after the first use. I've used a few more times after that to see if it got better and it didn't. On top of all of that, I haven't noticed a difference in whiteness as all. Don't think it's worth the damage it does to your mouth.
Seems thick and creamy enough but the smell is awful. I mean this stuff smells really bad. But it may just be me.
Hardly a scent to it compared to the spray on
Smells nice. I used it one time and I broke out. I have very sensitive skin when it comes to tanning lotion and I purchased this one because it was hypoallergenic and suppose to be natural but just didn't work for me.
Granted, the last time that I used this fragrance was many years ago. Are these no longer produced? Did I get an old bottle that has been in storage for years? The color seems paler than the expected blue tint, the feel of the spray is like bursting water, the glass bottle moves a bit within its plastic enclosure, and the scent is definitely weak. The local stores don't carry this fragrance anymore, that's why I decided to give Amazon a try. I was disappointed because I was really looking forward to an original quality Jaguar Classic Blue fragrance.
I tried to use the caps to make wigs and they fit a little small and the stitching started coming apart. Needs more durable fabric!
The results are fantastic but oh my god does it fry your hair. I can actually smell my hair burning like you do with a high heat straightener. If you have thick hair, maybe youll love this. Like I said the results are great. However, for thinner haired gals, I would avoid.
Weird sticky consistency...makes me break out really bad!!! How do I contact the seller? I would like to return the item for a refund but I do not have the box.
Not a very close shave. I threw it away after a couple of days.
having A HARD TIME GETTING THIS TO WORK
Was really disappointed it's barely does the job so useless don't bother wasting your money
Love this product for the 6 weeks it lasted. It was easy to use and really smoothed my really thick hair...then it just died. I was just a few weeks past the return window. Recently bought a second one and same thing. I had it a month and 2 days and it just died. I won't be purchasing another...
Not impressed. Greasy. Didn't moisturize like it advertises.
Most clips had chipped color and would not open and close correctly. Cute design but not functional.
I really don't like the feel of these.. You can't tell from the picture but they're more rubber-y than fabric like you want your hair ties to be. I don't want these in my hair!
It didn't produce the results I wanted
Stopped working after 4 months. Seems to be the trend based on other reviews. It's a shame really as it worked great while it worked. I feel like this is a trend on things purchased on Amazon anymore unfortunately - not the quality control that it once had.
I typically get simple face wipes with cucumber, or similar products. I have both sensitive skin and dry skin. I found these wipes to be very astringent, and honestly they kind of burn me around my eyes/the most delicate skin. They were also drying. Would not buy them again. Pretty much scent free though.
This toothpaste has a strange aftertaste. It could be the "fresh breath" flavor. I have not found this with other sensodyne types.
Started out just fine, but began to develop significant holes along the seams after two or three washes.
Haven't noticed anything different, after using product.
Lovely and came in a well padded box but.....also scratchy on paper, doesn't hold as much as I thought and is shaped so you are gripping uncomfortably close to the tip. Maybe the ones with spiral patterns are better at gradually putting down ink?
It didnt work for me
They feel smooth and exciting when you first get them. They look cool but I have very dry skin right now so when I put these on, I started getting a burning sensation under my eye and some redness. I don't know if it is because I have dry skin or that it burns me just because of something in it. Will maybe try again with more moisturized skin in the future and I will try putting them in the fridge
Very small. Bristles falling out first use
They were too tight even for little girls and one broke right away. The shorter one seems sturdier and may be usable long term. The other isn't worth the purchase.
Its ok but its not smooth and silky
It gets smudged after a while ...
Does not heat. Bought hair dryer
Didn't really do anything. I tried steaming my face prior to using it. I tried switching the cap sizes, barely pulled anything out. Dud
I was looking forward to this item but I am so disappointed , not for the shade it turns into but for the wrong smell it has. It smells to me like gasoline and it leaves a horrid taste of rubber in my mouth. I thought it was just me but someone else I asked to smell it,said the same.I wish it didn't have this taste/smell.Oh and it not a clear color it a yellowish .
It didn't really work on me, in fact It caused my face to break out more. :/ I wasn't as impressed.
It works well as a deodorant however, after a few uses I noticed that it made my underarms peel and itch.
Came wrinkled and the tattoos come right off
A few of the colors were practically ruined. I'm sure it was like that already doubt it was bad packaging or shipping. Should inspect product before shipping out.
Not doing the guaranteed work Do not buy this
After a few hours the sticker starts to show and looks like a clear band aid. Sticker tape is too thick.
I have been using Clinique Extra Mild Facial Soap for awhile. When I got this product, I used and and immediately sensed a difference. The texture was not as creamy and opaque as the Clinique product I have been using. It was also much harsher on my skin--more astringent. I have very dry skin and this made it worse. I compared the bottle to my old bottle--The main difference is a slight difference in the font of the smaller printing and the new product was manufactured in the U.K. and my old product is made in the USA. Not sure if this is a fake or if people in the UK have tougher skin. In any event, check the labelling on the description before you buy.....
Very sticky. Stuck to my brush
I was finally happy that I found a wireless charger and case combo that actually held tightly on to my precious iPhone X but unfortunately charger turns on for a second, lights flicker from green to blue, and goes off. Tried various chargers as well as usb cords to see if that was the problem but no luck. Hope they can replace the defective charger , the magic case is well made but has no protection for screen as it is flush with the screen. Hope the company can correct this. I am willing to try replacement, if it worked I'd be happy. Update Reordered , the charging on this phone works, however this time the did not include the metal magnet dots that are supposed to be included in the package per description. I'll keep my fingers crossed, hope this works, judging by their lake of response to my concerns I am skeptical!
I had previously bought this product in the store and LOVED it. My frizzy, wavy hair had nice, defined curls with very minimal frizz and none of that crunch you get from other products. I had so many compliments on my hair! The product I got off Amazon did not work the same. The curls didn't hold at all and I was left with the same old frizz I was so happy to get rid of. I'm not sure if the product was old or what happened, but I won't be buying it from Amazon anymore. I will be getting it from the store, though!!
They may work great, but I ordered a set, they came scratched up. I returned and ordered another set and they are scratched just as bad if not worse. New items should not be scratched up, especially when packaged in the nice container they come in.
Thought this would remove dead skin but it didn't, nothing like a chemical peel-nothing peels.
I love this product but I'm sure that mine came in watered down. I still have some left that i bought from Deva Curl directly and it is much thicker than the one I got from amazon.
I ordered 5 in 1 cleansing cloths -- as per the box information (with grape-seed extract) Got 4 in 1, no grape-seed for exfoliation. Unfortunately description says 4 in 1. Box was blue and white and said 4 in 1. Misleading advertising!!!
Not a fan. Was not very easy to extract as I though it would be.
The mirror is great and all, it has great magnification but the lighting is terrible the mirror lamp came dim and you can't look at yourself unless you have natural lighting or a lamp on when using it
Too small for me to work with others may see Differently
Package was damaged when it came. The lip stick was much smaller then pictured.
Was disappointed to learn that this product contains palm oil. For this reason I will not purchase this item in the future.
Did great till I charged it then it wouldn't charge again.
I bought this double eyelid glue. But it doesn't work at all. I don't know why it's not what I have expected.
Cap must be made for kids. It's way tooo small for an adult head with hair. Don't purchase
im sorry. the smell is terrible maybe i got a bad batch but omg! returning!
This product was delivered with other products I had ordered. The soap bottle had been smashed so that the lid was smashed down into the bottle and was leaking. The soap itself is a good product, but I was unable to pour it into my soap containers as the lid was so damaged.
looks great but functionality is subpar, razor does not stay in place and lock is not very tight. disapointed
Very minimum lace it was not as it is sworn
Maybe I'm using it wrong (although I looked up how to use one of these silicone ones) and it just doesn't work for blending makeup into your skin.
I have been using sheet masks for two years, all different brands and prices. I like a cheap pack of masks but these just were not good. I really just tried to get through the pack as quickly as I could. I only liked the rose and the nut sheet masks but they just aren't the quality of other masks at the same price range. I will be staying away from this brand, but all skin and expectations are different.
They need to redesign the handle. It DOES NOT unscrew but rather you must use brute force to separate the top from the bottom. Most of the time the top portion will come off and small parts from the switch will come spilling out, rendering the product inoperable. Very poor engineering in this regard. A simple round 'screw-on' bottom portion would be much better making battery replacement possible.
What up sets me is the use a pic of a box full of flowers yet that's not what they send. Use a real pic of what comes in, I did see after they said 3 of each but why use a fraudulent photo to trick people into buying. I wouldn't buy again for the fact that they use a photo and dont actually give you what's in the photo.
Total waste of money. I should have figured that a trimmer wouldn't be good enough but I tried this first over the Bakblade. I was hoping to get a smooth feel but all it did was trim the hair and make me feel prickly. The extra large trimmer is great but the attachment to get a closer shave is way to small and still leave the hair a little bit. I wound up buying the Bakblade and I would recommend that over this honestly if you are a hairy guy like myself.
Before buying this one I read so my reviews all are positive , but I m disappointed that this one didn't work for me. Before leaving the review I use this 3 times myself and my daughter use this for 3 or 4 times and this didn't even work for her too.
I successfully paired this with my iPhone and the sound is acceptable for my office. But the lowest volume setting on my phone is still too loud. The biggest frustration and why I may return is because it will NOT pair with my laptop - which I need for work. I'm also REALLY confused by the reviews because I chose this item because it had over 2,000 reviews with 5 stars. I NEVER would have chosen an item with 9 reviews (at time of purchase) with avg 1.5 stars.
The hair soften up once we washed it. But it started shedding like crazy after we left it dry. It ended up lasting a whole week before too much of the hair was lost. This product is a absolute NO. The information and Reviews are a lie. I wasted my money
I tried this on my knees and it didn't have the tightening effect that it claimed. the results were barely visable
It's pretty color, but it has no staying power.
I purchased this during my move as I wanted something simple yet nice.... well I didn't get it! While it's simple it also poorly made as it sits crooked and there's no way to bend it back and straighten it. So literally when I put the paper towel roll on this holder it sits at about a 20 degree angle to the side rather than stand straight up and down as it should.
Just got the note 9, but these screen protectors don't stick well on mine at least. The instructions were simple, but I don't know if it's the adhesive that's giving me problems or I missed a step. But I have used both my protectors as it easily collected dust and small hair on the side of my phone.
I have literally bought at least 5 of these mirrors over the years. You used to be able to buy them at Bed Bath & Beyond then they store selling in store. I think they still sell online. The last one I bought - because I broke the mirror- on Amazon. This is apparently the LED version another reviewer spoke of. I agree it is definitely not the clarity of the bulb version. I just thought my eyes were getting worse! In addition to that, the light has burned out and you can't replace it like the bulb one so here I am buying another one! I absolutely do not want the LED one so I hope I can find the original. Other than that this is the perfect mirror- especially for the pore obsessed!
Unlike all my other chrome powders, this started to come off my nails on the same day it was applied. No other powders disappear so quickly.
This smells good but that's the only thing I like about it. It did not help my frizziness at all, in fact my hair seemed rougher after blow-drying.
When it works it is fine, However it will work for a few days and then stop working. Uses up batteries way too fast. Not worth the trouble even though price it good, Had to buy a better dispenser that works great, but it cost around $25.00
Now for two months, can't say I've seen any real difference. Probably not enough time. Maybe I will come back and update this. It is nice soap, but can't comment on the skin lightening effect.
The pump was broken off of the bottle. There were no pieces in the box, so it happened before it was packaged,
Brought this product thinking it would help hold up want I needed it doesn't do that at all. It's just a very liquidity substance that doesn't allow anything to stick together for the IT STAYS! wrong it doesn't at all.
I used to love China Glaze polish, but this is terrible. It started chipping really badly the day after I applied it. I have tried it twice with two different, high quality top coats and had the same results. I guess China Glaze has lowered their standards. I will have to stick with my OPI.
Had to send it back. Inadequate temperature control. Got too hot. Burned my wife's hair
I like the product, however, the shampoo leaked all over the box, and for what I paid- I ended up with a half empty bottle of shampoo.
Do not buy from them. They gave me a half full conditioner. The shampoo was sealed and fine the conditioner was half gone.
Doesn't work for me as well as other Nivea varieties. Also caused a rash and flaking skin. Odd scent
The hair gets very tangled in the back and does not hold a curl well (I even put setting spray on it). I would highly suggest buying hair from another vendor.
not that results as expected it leaves redness after using it
Does it's job and it's gorgeous but mine is falling apart, I had to basically put it together again with hot glue
It looked peachy or a little orange in the pic, but it was actually pinky or slight purple ish. I have warm skin tone. It doesn't work on my face at all
It smells good but it leaves white residue in my hair.
Very soft and feels very real. Also very thick. But it will NOT curl or style so if that's what your intentions are then don't get. I held the hair on the curling iron for 30+ sec and it just fell out straight. Tangles a lot too
Had this product for less than a month, started malfunctioning. It was working perfect until one day started turning on and off by itself or not powering on when I press the power button. Had to return, maybe I got a defective one.
this isn't a great product for thickening thinning hair. Maybe it would work on someone who had lots of hair that is simply thin. But the product itself it rather watery instead of thick with little hold.
Wondering if I got a returned set or something. Tweezers look good, but kit came missing the scissors. Wondering if these were returned by someone else minus the scissors and they just resold them.
Worked fine for about 4 showers and then long-handled loofah just fell apart. The product is not properly tethered to the handle.
microphone volume is very low
Edited. Cheap and worthless it doesn't last. Nails fall of after a week. Don't waste your money. Mia's secret or Valentino works better
This mask does not sit well against the eyes. It kind of creases in the center and doesn't lie flat. It doesn't really get cold enough in just the fridge to maintain a good temp with the soft side against the face. Not worth the small price. Glad I didn't pay more.
This thing is not well made. It came apart on the first use on both sides. I wouldn't spend the money. Find something more sturdy.
KAF has some Great grooming products but this isn't one of them
This will be a two part review. First shipping then after using performance of product. Ordered and it arrived quickly. Disappointed big time when opening box. This stuff isn't cheap so hating seeing it spewed all over the place. This order had conditioner and shampoo, both leaking. They were wrapped in a thin layer of plastic. They were either returns where someone tried the product or they shipped them with the tops unlocked. Either way very disappointing. Will evaluate results of using product later.
Although it certainly feels like an effective cleanser I can't remember ever being more disappointed with a personal hygiene product. Simply put, this face wash smells like something you would use to clean your toilet. From reading the description I was expecting a pleasant tea tree smell but it was more reminiscent of Pine Sol than anything else. As for it's other claims, well, it certainly does the job of cleaning and moisturizing but it's reek makes washing your face with it a chore rather than a pleasure. I'm frankly amazed it's even on the market and I'm fully convinced it wouldn't be able to exist without the online market. One sniff of this in a brick and mortar store would end up with the product being hurled into the nearest wastebasket. These guys should really hire a consultant to come up with a pleasing scent - something that doesn't whiff of industrial solvent for example. Couldn't be more disappointed. I won't be buying ANY cleaning product like this online ever again - everything is going to have to pass my "sniff" test before I pay money for it.
Bought for mom. She loves the lotion but the pumps on both bottles do not work. Would like to see if I could get some sort of replacement pump.
Buyers Beware! I wasn't expecting stellar quality for the pricing; however I was expecting the quality of the lace to be better than that on synthetic wigs. The lace is gray and semi hard, the hair doesn't hold curls and has a processed smell , which are huge cons when purchasing a frontal. The pros are the hair is soft and true to length. The frontal is great for practicing, but I would not suggest for installing on your head.
For starters I'm a hairstylist , I needed a new wig quick and it was delivered the next day. It had beautiful packaging in a box and eyelashes and cute hair ties. I try it on and it fits perfect! HOWEVER the baby hair were kinda plucked too far back. I loved the hair in the beginning BUT THE HAIR STARTED SHEDDING EVERYWHERE!! I mean the tub , my purse, my food, my clothes EVERYWHERE. I would leave it in a bun just so it wouldn't shed. I've had this wig for a month and I'm embarrassed to brush my hair because it sheds so much. I also used heat protectant very time I curled or straighten it and it would never hold after I washed it. It matted in the back after the month of me wearing it and taking it off before bed. I would only buy this wig if it's for short term use. (1-2 weeks)
It deodorizes very well, and the scent is very nice. However it is very hard and difficult to apply. Actually pulls some underarm hairs out, even after running it under hot water.
This is supposed to be 8 oz and when I opened it it seemed light. I measured the contents and only 6oz. Also smelled a little fishy literally.
This made my head itchy. A friend's kids had lice and I felt extra paranoid so ordered this to use before going there.
I have been using Mia Adora for a few years now. I have always ordered the box with long slender mascara bottle. But they were out of that. I thought this had to be the same mascara, just different packaging. It is NOT. There is very little mascara in the tube and the brush is so short it barely gathers any mascara. I will not order this one again.
metal disc in center was cheaply glued (not very good if you have a vent clip mount in your car) Ring assembly broke the off the first day. save yourself the frustration and spend a little extra money on a case with mounting disc that is either riveted or molded in the case. I'm very disappointed it this purchase. One positive note: the case did fit my phone well. but since i bought it for the mounting integration... I do not recomend
I wouldn't recommend. It's light weight and doesn't pull fine hairs . I thought it was going to replace my old tweezerman tweezers but they aren't made the same . My old dill tweezers work better
I love the product and colors, but when I recieved it the makeup was all broken up. Not packaged well. Because of that it gets a low rating. Eyeshadow is delicate.
Saying is spelled wrong. Otherwise it's a very cute little bag for your purse.
I don't understand all the positive reviews for this item. It seems very cheaply made. Worked okay the first time and then after that hardly removed any hair. Going back to razors....
It fit my phone, but I put it on and within a day it popped off the screen
The set came in a box. but were not secured within the box. One got bent badly and I am not able to get it straightened enough to use. Also the lashes were not long enough for my eyeline.
It was a gift for my mother in law who said she wasn't pleased with the quality although she did not specify more than that.
It was ok, not great but not bad either. Probably wouldn't purchase again.
Disappointed. I was excited to try this curling iron after all of the positive reviews. After less than 1 month the clamp has lost strength and won't hold my hair. My hair is medium length and average thickness.
Did not work well for me. It came off very easily and melted under my eyes. I was really hoping this could be it after reading the reviews. Disappointed!
The wig did not look like the picture. You could see the wig cap because the hair was very thin. Not good quality at all.
Wrong product received! Instead of the leave-in treatment, it should be the shampoo! Returning it is such a hassle because of international shipping!!!😢😢
The description does NOT match what you receive. There is no carry pouch. You do receive a cape, a shaping tool, and suction cups, but the pictured suction cups are not what you receive. There is only one loop on one shoulder to hook onto the suction cups. I can work around or fix what's missing, but the description should come MUCH closer to the item you receive.
Total garbage. Feels poorly made, battery life is awful. I threw it away and went back to my old well used one.
If you have sensitive skin be careful. I broke out from some type of allergic reaction within 2 days. Once I discontinued use- it went away.
It fits tight, but my hair is damp after I get out the shower. It's a waste of 7 dollars honestly.
the lotion itself is nice enough. but the fragrance isn't for me, and on top of that, lasts for hours. so, if you LIKE the fragrance, you'll probably love it. for me, i won't be buying it again.
It's only been a week and no results yet. The smell is odd and reminds me of bug spray. I will not purchase again.
The cap was very comfortable, but the one I received has no shine so it looks like old, dull and tired hair. I suppose it is better than a shiny silvery-fake-plastic look, but if you are looking for a wig that appears fairly realistic, keep looking. I will keep this wig in the event I plan to dress up as a Witch and want dried out looking hair.
Good for little feet maybe, but for adult sizes, these are a little flimsy. I can get by with them for now and will use them up, but I would have liked to see the product be thicker and more sturdy to help separate toes for painting.
Not sure if it's the diffuser of the essential oils, but couldn't smell anything in a small room, even when I used 3 times the amount of oil recommended. Have it for sale, as essential oils can be dangerous to pets, which would have been nice to know.
Purchased this product for my business for food consumption, there was no seal on the bottle which concerned me. Also the product was advertised as organic and the bottle that I received did not have the same labeling. Disappointing.
A lot of these end up making a gritty texture that is hard to cover up. Would not buy again
Honestly not too sure what I was expecting. Worth the price but definitely no cure for cellulite!
First stating it's creme developer it was like water just like the liquid no difference
The product may be good, but it's a shame to lose half of it during shipping.
I didn't like this eyeliner is smeared way too thick
These bundles are NOT TRUE TO LENGTH! They are soft and thick at first glance but I am very disappointed in the length.
Nice full wig but it looked a little old like it had been worn for a few days returned than sold again,To Me. But after a little alterations and shaving it was wearable. Would have returned but was on short notice. I had an event to attend.
Likely the battery problem mentioned by others here. It doesn't give the water pressure of the countertop model, but that wouldn't be expected, since portability and possibly dual voltage is what you would buy this for. Everything about it is adequate, although I wish they made a power cord with a Euro plug available by order from the company. If you see this in a shop overseas it is usually much more expensive. The only real difference being the one found outside of the US has a different plug adapter (Euro, Brit, AUS, whatever) on the end of the power cord. Wall plug adapters for foreign wall plugs are a expensive and an extra thing to remember for the trip and do not fit every wall plug type.
Makes my head ITCH! 2 stars for it arriving quick and sealed.
I gave 2 stars because this wig does not stay secured to my head. I have to constantly keep pulling it down.
Bought this for my Son's hair. It has no hold to it. It just makes his hair greasy.
Didnt work for me. I think you have to have long, evenly cut hair. Layers are not it's friend. But it's constructed well.
The unit heats quickly, the rollers are appropriately hot, the clips do not hold the roller in very effectively, the flocking on the roller causes the hair to be extremely soft, flat, lifeless.
Shea butter was very grainy which affected all of my products. I don't think I'll be ordering this brand again.
Very messy and takes awhile to rinse off teeth then never really made a difference whitening
Nothing more impressive than my typical conditioner.
Wow. What a joke Though other dyes bleed at least they retain color to a extent. One gets what one pays for.
Very disappointed. I'll even stick with my E.L.F GEL liner anyway as opposed to this product. I expect more from MAC. I've never had issues with any of their other products. Starts flaking as soon as it dries and would fall into my eyes. Would not recommend.
not sure if does anything! no good results so far!
Have to set temp every use. It has lock in but button is where you put hand to use so unlocks. Does not hold curl for fine thin hair.
Horrible product, I only bought it to use for a Halloween makeup look and it has a very bad quality.
I bought this last year for a costume and loved it. when this one arrived it was packed messy and the hair was messy and did not lay right
I ordered two of these. I did not even bother to open the second one because the first one was completed dried out and unusable. Two stars because the return was so easy. I have used this product before and really do like it.
I do love the colors, however they are far too big. I don't have a small head and they still seem to slide back a bit. The tie part of the headband turned out to be a bit harder than expected. I wouldn't mind that so much if they had fit properly. I'm really not sure why the elastic part of the headbands seem to be already stretched out. I REALLY wanted to love them.
When I first received this scrub I loved it. It was the perfect consistency and made my skin feel great. After about 3 uses, with very little product, I noticed that the scrub became oily. I did everything I could to prevent this since I read on previous reviews it was an issue for others. I shook the container before every use and even turned it upside down. Still works okay but stains my face and leaves a gross film until I go over it with a face wash. Wouldn't buy again.
Ive had this for a few weeks now. At first it worked very good but then I plugged it in the other day and it just lets out on long loud beep and wont turn on. I can mash the ionic button and eventually get it to work but that's ridiculous. Only a few weeks of use and it already doesn't want to work.
We only received one as well. I am guessing this is a common mistake. Hopefully they will make it right.
It does seem to moisturize but the problem with it is it's very watery which makes it difficult to use. I end up getting more of it on the floor than on my skin.
I would have given 5 stars had the pump actually worked....
Unfortunately I cannot reccomend. I have tried 2 of the bands that came in the pack and while I have extensions so my pony tail is thick they both broke by the end of the first day. Highly disappointed.
Poor quality nails, but you get a lot of them. Let the kids use them
Gotta say, this is the ONLY thing I have purchased on Amazon that has taken this long to recieve. I ordered this over 2 weeks ago and I'm still waiting. How?
I've used tons of cleansing oils and this was honestly the worst. it has a mild and pleasant scent of oranges, which is nice. but the oil itself is SO thick and barely emulsifies. I use less than a pump on my face and it still takes 3 or 4 rinses with hot water to get it all off. and it still leaves your face feeling greasy. I double cleanse but have to use more cleanser than normal just to get this oil off my skin. truly awful.
My case is bent in on the opening part of the foundation, so the lid doesn't close properly/snap shut. For the expensive price of plastic, I expected a little more sturdiness all around. This product doesn't feel like it would last with a lot of activity.
Didn't give my lashes the lift I thought it would!
I absolutely loved this wax before. I'm not sure if they changed the formula with the rebrand or if I just got a bad batch but the wax I received did not work half as well as the bag I previously bought. I found it did not get as firm which would cause many hairs to get left behind. If you guys changed the formula, please go back. This batch was no good.
We loved this product, at first. It's not even two months later and it no longer makes any mist. The colors are beautiful and it's so very quiet. It worked great for the first month but now it doesn't. Just a week past my return by date too, go figure.
My order got lost in the mail. They refunded the purchase price.
So I had ordered these a few weeks ago and loved them so I reordered and what I got this time was NOT the same product. The lashes are thicker and the base is thick and terrible to use with volume lashes. I've included a pic to show the difference. PLEASE go back to your original product!!! Otherwise I will never buy these again.
not good! smells good though. after using it for about two weeks it caused so much oil build up in my hair it made it look greasy :(. at first i had pretty curls but shortly after my hair looked gross :(. i have very wavey thick hair
Broke before I could put it in my hair
It is 4 pictures up here. The only picture i believe isn't a fake is the wig that doesn't have a model. i have not worn yet. i may need to customize it a bit. Overall not satisfied with this unit.
Me and my daughters love this shampoo but have not been able to find it in the stores lately. We were excited to see we could order it from Amazon. We were so disappointed when it arrived because the shampoo had leaked everywhere inside the package. Now we only have a little left in the bottle to use because the rest leaked out. Feels like a big waste of money. I hope they change the way they package it.
the tint ended up greenish, even my daughters noticed. i have black hair in the picture and i used dark brown.
Powerful but only gets up to a Luke warm temp. Takes forever to dry my hair.
I have tried every way possible and the connections won't fit. I have used a different style/product that is similar in that it can connect to the shower head or sink, this won't do either at this point. Returning product.
At first these seemed great. Great price for a lot of bath bombs. They smell good and arrived in perfect condition. The big problem is, they don't really dissolve fully. My daughter has used them a couple times now and about half way through of each being used, they stop fizzing and she's just left with a mushy ball of bath bomb left. We'll obviously still use them as we have a bunch left, but they are pretty disappointing.
There are maybe 3 or 4 usable options, not sure how many uses they will get until the aren't sticky anymore, doesn't seem like many unfortunately... The 3 or 4 options I like still aren't great but will do until I can find something better.
The foundation was too dark for my skin and I could not get a comparison of colors to choose from..very disappointed,as I wore it in past and loved merle norman....
Cause hair lose and make my fine hair frizzy
I want so much to love this, but it falls often. It'll usually stay for a couple uses and then falls mid shower. The idea is great, but it doesn't work as well as I wanted it to.
I did not love it. It was see through so I just use it for a swimsuit cover up but again it was only 5 dollars
2 out of the 3 pens stopped working after 2 - 3 applications
I'll start off by saying I have fine hair but a lot of it. I need high heat to dry it. This dryer did not dry my hair quickly and it is not lightweight. The low speed and high heat was taking forever and didn't seem to get very hot, and the high speed blows your hair around WAY too much. It did not do the job for me at all, it's going back.
Did not see an amazing difference in this product on my colors
One of the bottles had opened during shipping and got all over the other bottles.
works well, smells like my grandmother
Picture clearly shows a full bottle on advertisement. Heres a picture. This is what I received today. no sign of leakage in the shipping box. I thought I was receiving a full bottle, new bottle of product and I am not happy with so much being gone out of the bottle.?
I Bought Two Wigs From Company. I Don't Which Is Which No Pictures. Nothing But Wigs In Different Bags. No Name Or Anything To Identified The Product Except The Name Of Company And How To Wash.
Was extremely tangled right out packing, band was disconnected and doesn't stay put.
Not what I was expecting, based on others' reviews. My highlights were a little too blonde and I purchased this to “dim” the blonde, as was recommended in other reviews. Really didn't see a difference and the formula made my hair super oily and my scalp itchy. The product also was really messy and stained my shower. I know the staining was to be expected, however the risk was not worth the reward in my case. The formula did have a nice smell though and the bottle is a decent size for the price!
I was really hoping to get a variety of colors but I got all pinks and purples. I'm really sad. No teal, no blue, no green no gold . . . all super boring normal colors. Glides on nice. Good dark color. Not sticky after 60 seconds. Like the lipgloss but super sad to not get even one unique color.
Too small. I returned.
They're not joking about that Mandarin... it's a bit too much. Just picture Blistex but with mandarin added to it. I prefer the plain Rosebud Lip Salve but I this was the only Prime option at the time.
Looks just like the picture but too much shedding. Each time I use my fingers to separate the hair I would have too much hair to dispose of. If the shedding was not so much it would have been a good purchase. I'm actually shopping for new hair after only wearing it for a very short time.
I got highlights but the color was weird and I decided to buy this product for correction. Actually it wouldn't helpful because my color barely changed after couple of using... Left it just like regular shampoo and conditioner.
It did not work at all
This lipstick is nice and creamy, however the color is not gray at all. It is a dark purple. I am wondering if mine was mislabeled.
Works well but smells HORRIBLE!!
My water glossed stopped working after 2 months. Not sure if the battery stopped charging or the motor stopped working, but it's no longer works. Very unhappy.
The bottles are small and good size for my purse which is what I bought them for however several of the bottles or shattered when I open the package and I reached out to the company through message and have not heard anything back regarding replacements.
These are drying and not at all what I expected. I didn't like any of the colors and even tried using with a top coat of clear gloss and didn't help. I threw them in the trash.
I'm not sure how I feel about this, I tried and I almost feel like my edges were getting worse
Didnt do much for my hair.
Product was damaged box was torn and had been taped!
I didn't like this formula for my skin, it managed to find all the creases in my skin and sit there and didn't allow my skin to breath. Returned product after a few uses.
Too thin and tangles easily.
Nothing special here. Imagine regular petroleum jelly with a slight hint of ginger scent. It's not a scrub as you would be lead to believe since sugar is listed in the title.
Installed hair July 31st and hair is already dry and tangled. Disappointed
I'm not sure if my skin is in really good condition or if this gadget doesn't work! I've used this multiple times since receiving it in the mail. I've done it after a shower, after not having manually exfoliated for a week, after lightly washing my make up off...and after each time going over my whole face the "blade" comes back with nearly nothing on it. I read all the directions, watched multiple YouTube videos and the gadget is charged. I know it does *something* because the water I have on my face, to help the blade glide, shoots off all willy nilly. The place I was really hoping this would clean out would be the nasal area. I think I'll stick with my pores vacuum as this blade was underwhelming. I would use the vacuum after the blade and stuff would actually come out of my pores with the vacuum! I wish I could return this product.
Simply not highly pigmented. Cakes in some areas, low coverage in others.
they don't stay on very well
I used to buy this body butter all the time and the color of it was not brown. It was a nice creamy white. This is a dense formula that stains my clothes. It smells good but not really thrilled with it.
I ordered this in Elf Light Rose and it is a lot more orange than pictured. It also smells/tastes strongly of dish soap, which does not fade after you put it on. The color also clings to any dry spots on your lips and emphasizes lines. Disappointing, since I own this product in other colors and I have had much better experiences.
I want to love this mascara because it's cruelty free and inexpensive, but I just can't. It's so sticky and clumpy. I think I add 10 minutes to my makeup routine just trying to separate my lashes and get the clumps off. And it makes my lower and upper lashes stick together and that makes me crazy! It's also super hard to remove. I'm sure it takes off lashes each time. Soap and water doesn't do the trick so I have to use makeup remover. It takes forever!
It's a nice wig but I think I got a bad batch cause it sheds like crazy so it's so thin I can't even wear it I only wore it twice and now I don't even touch it I'm sad I spent my money cause I never got to enjoy it
Used it for a week now. No changes.
I waited a month to write my review, I'm a small girl about 104 pounds I lost a lot of weight and had toned up pretty well but I had a very tiny amount of cellulite on the back of my legs I ordered this in hopes of taking that cellulite down some and I've used it twice a day for thirty days and no change at all, my skin is a little softer, I'm going to try another brand and hope it works because this one isn't that great, after about an hour the smell turns to like a cooking oil smell and the scent is gone it's kind of odd
This hair was initially soft and colored well. Unlike most of my blonde hair, it began to shed after a week and I stopped wearing it. Have conditioned it to no avail. was happy at first. not sure what to do now.
Just got this for Christmas, was so excited but every time I try to use it the mirror falls down. It won't stay in the position you placed it, needs a locking option. Plan on returning
Definitely does not hold as much as I expected. The dividers make certain sections too small to fit anything so I ended up just tossing them. Bag is very hard and bulky. Makeup brushes do not fit in the slots provided on the side without messing up the brush hairs.
Love this palette but it arrived BROKEN!
I realize some 'settling' occurs but when I opened my very small jar it was only half filled, very disappointing for a $40 product. Secondly, it didn't feel as rich, it had a slightly watered down effect, I have used the body butter product for 4 years, I would have thought the face cream would be richer even than that-but no. I will try going straight to the source and comparing this product with what I received, as I really love this brand.
It chips really easy....
I haven't used it yet- just received it so I can't review it
It does get some gunk out but I feel like it really just damages my skin more than anything.
Love that everything fits great in the bag but dislike how flimsy it is. Also the zipper doesn't work great. Unzips itself when using the top handle. So have to use the strap to carry.
Used one time and the puff fell apart.
This worked well for awhile then all of a sudden nothing but static all the time.
Worked well for 2 days, then stopped working. Totally disappointed. Will be returning it for sure.
Love the design but the nails are easy to bend and very plastic looking and feeling. Definitely won't buy this brand again. Imo kiss nails are better.
I have used other volumizing powders in the past after reading these reviews I was really pumped to try it because I have very thin fine hair that is cut into an A-line bob that could use a little extra volume Unfortunately this product is not for me it feels like glue not powder so it makes it possible for you to work with your hair very disappointing money down the drain!
the first one i bought lasted for one session. i returned it for another one. the second one lasted about three weeks of daily use, then it suddenly stopped working. i checked the charge. fully charged. lights work, beep works, but absolutely no micro-current. i give up.
Product is not working at all I applied and I do cardio for 30 minutes I fell de heat but no burning any Fat
The brush head is the size of like a quarter-not worth the $$$
These pads are thin and fall apart leaving bits of cotton in my eyes.
Love the smell of the gardenia but the lotion is grainy. I've bought the lotion before and this is the first time it has been grainy.
This product didn't work for me. The first time I soaked my feet before putting on the booties for 2 hours. Even though I soaked my feet several times the following week - there was no peeling like I had experienced with a similar product called Baby Foot. After 2 weeks I repeated the treatment. Still no peeling. I will try another brand or go back to Baby Foot because it worked for me.
I found this product did not work for me. Did not see any difference.
I really like the design of this knife, and when it arrived, it was sharp and seemed well made. Unfortunately the handle is loose (only slightly but unacceptable). I'm returning it.
This is listed as a black nail polish and it's no where close. It's a dark grey. The polish is still amazing quality and the holo is beautiful but I bought this because it was listed as black and it definitely isn't black.
I was really hoping for the best based on some of the other positive reviews. But this device didn't work for me at all. I ended up returning it.
I saw results within a few weeks of using this product however I developed tiny pimples on my face.
I used ut twice , the stick is very weak and it was little bit dry
I don't see how is it refreshing according to majority reviews ?? it contains glycolic acid -it dries not moisturize. So have been using it over 2 months - did not see any changes in my skin.
Great product. Lasts for a long time. Only need a little on skin, little goes a long way. Is kinda greasy though.
I did not realize I purchased a cream/gel and had been using a cream only previously. This product was not as effective as the cream only version.
There really was not too much flavor from these. I think they are stale. I paid way too much money for these.
The stand on this mirror is a joke. Small mirror doesn't stay in place. Gave "For Traveling" 3 stars because I haven't traveled with it.
The smell of tea tree does not last but maybe the first wash for a few seconds. Very disappointing
I bought "Mineral Fusion Eye Shadow Trio Stunning" few days ago, I tried it and liked it. I went back to Amazon to order another one with different colors, that is when I realized that there is a WARNING on the product (if you look right above the Product Description). According to the warning eye shadow has lead, which can cause cancer on a long run. I am not buying it anymore.
The hair is soft and nice but it doesn't DYE. I took two and a half hours for it to turn colors with bleach and three boxes of hair dye. Very disappointed. but the customer service is excellent they got back to me immediately and we came to a good settlement, maybe I just didn't get great hair this time but I would definitely consider trying them again.
Came opened and leaked in my amazon package. There was no sealant on the package so I don't know if the product itself was tampered with.
I purchased this and it worked great June - December 2018 - when I went to do my nails again the center bulbs no longer worked. I see no way to replace or repair these. I had to order a new UV Nail Dryer from a different company. Disappointed in the product because it did not last as long as I expected which was for at least 1 year.
I got a really great price on this wig. I honestly didn't have that much shedding I've washed it and style it twice the hair feeling great the only thing I didn't like about was where the wig clips were place not so bad but for my first lace front I love it After wearing this hair and treating it with conditioner just poorly lace and hair quality it not worth a second buy
It does not remove with the hair and it hurts the skin.
This facial mist is an awesome product! It helps you hydrate your face and even your body wherever you are... airplanes, theme parks and many more. I definitely recommend this product... Unfortunately the refill hole on the tank is too tiny, it's hard to put water in.
I have a 3 year old and 5 1/2 year old who both bite their nails and while I was chasing the 5 year old around trying to put it on her and she screamed bloody murder, the 3 year old ate it off of her nails within a half hour of being applied. In other words, it didn't work at all for my kids.
Lasted a year then broke.
I have very sensitive skin and this burned my skin, I tried it for a week, so bummed it didn't work for me. Easy return though.
The quality of glitters are not good. They are too refined.
Says it won't smudge, but it totally did.
The eye cream did help to lighten the darkness around the eyes. However did not do anything regarding the puffiness.
This is comfortable for the most part, but has poor suction and is impossible to keep clean. I found myself having to lean back heavily on it to keep from slipping, and as soon as I leaned forward it fell in the water. Once it started looking dirty or discolored, I tried washing it, but since it can't be dried, I question how the germs get killed. And washing it didn't really help with discoloration.
doesn't actually help hair grow at all.
The sprayer was broken so I had to send back.
Doesn't have the deep purple color, and I didn't see much change. I like other brands a lot better.
This dryer is bad. Very low heat emission. I should have returned it when i had the chance. I'm stuck with it now.
This is not the Jason shampoo with MSM. I looked at product pictures before buying to make sure this is the Jason shampoo with MSM, but unfortunately when I received the package it was the regular Jason Dandruff shampoo without MSM which I could have purchased at my nearby store.
i've used this for years - however the pads are too dry and you end up creating more wrinkles because you have to rub hard. I only use these if I have a liquid eye makeup remover to pour some in there - otherwise the pads are too dry.
This item is pointless. Don't waste your money. Smells like alcohol as well.
We have purchased this product at the time it first came out and it was amazing!!! However since they changed their formula to the "new and improved" version, it's no longer the same and it does not deliver the same results it did. Yet another great product that has gone downhill
This got such great reviews, I ordered it. I am not sure this is mascara. I applied it and it looks like I have nothing on. I have long lashes. I applied a 2nd coat, still looks like I have no mascara on. I checked the box and tube. Maybe I bought the wrong thing? I had to use 2 other old mascaras on top of the 2 coats of this to get eye lashes. So disappointing. I would not recommend or order again. I am stuck with 2 tubes now.
Water reservoir poorly designed. Broke on first use.
I love this product, and used it for about 2 weeks before the top stopped working and wont let me open it anymore. It just spins and spins without opening or lifting off. Really disappointed because I loved this serum
This is a reformulation of what I could buy in store and later on Amazon. It mad my skin feel waxing and made my skin itch which is unusual for me. Very disappointed.
wife don't remember shit !
It smudges and not in the good way.
The hair looks nice when first installed. It is soft but it sheds like crazy. Like so bad I wanted to take it out. Like you literally touch the hair and like 10 strands fall on the floor. When you wash the hair it literally fills the brush with hair. I wore the hair on vacation. It looked nice but I had to co-wash it pretty frequently because it looks stiff and matted when you wake up. It looks nice wet and can be fluffed when dry for a bigger hair look. If you're just looking for throw-away hair for a special occasion, go with this. But this is not good for long term use. Its the same quality as hair store hair and could be bought there for cheaper given the quality and longevity of this hair.
This product does not work. The sponge just sits in th basket and makes noise
Great toothpaste if you need only a bit of sensitivity relief. I wanted to go as natural as possible, but boy, did my teeth start to hurt within a week of use.
Product arrived damaged, shampoo was spilled inside the box
I can't give this product five stars nor will I give it 1 star because I was never able to use them. I needed there for a job as I'm a MUA. I paid for the two day shipping option which would have gotten them to me in plenty of time. I didn't receive them until 5 days after the fact. I lost money and sent the brushes back. I know that this was not the brush manufacturing companies issue it was an Amazon Prime issue. Maybe in the future I'll try to purchase them again.
Pretty poor beard length choices. It says there are a lot but you can only actually use the even number lengths
They stuck to the material in the box. Couldn't even use them. Plus they are very small.
This is my 4th time buying this item. I really wanted to love it. A couple of them were not transferring onto my brows but customer service fixed that and replaced them. One of them just didn't work. The item that did worked, it was great. Stayed on for the day, easy to use, looked great! But it only lasted for a few days before drying out. Chances are, you're playing Russian roulette with this product. If you want to keep trying, at least let customer service know and they'll replace the item for you. For the product itself overall, I'd have to give it 2 stars. Customer service, 4 stars.
Prouduct was broken upon receipt.
Bought these 2 months ago and one cable has already stopped working!
Roller keeps falling off most of these bottles. So disappointed as I use these for items that I sell.
The shampoo seems to work and my scalp felt clean right away as far as clearing up the dandruff, The scent however was unbearable, it reminds me of burnt tires or plastic. Tried to return but not eligible for returns, I'm glad it was only $10 . Too bad the smell is so strong, will not purchase again.
These are not my idea of spa quality. The fabric is too thin to hold back hair as well as being cut too thin(slightly wider than a 2oz jar. They may be good for maybe kiddie pamper parties.. if that. The sewing is uneven.. just don't do it
My dermatologist recommended I use vaseline and hydrocortisone ointment on my lips due to an issue I am having. I was using both separate products, which was an inconvience and the HC ointment tasted like poison if it got in my mouth. So I decided to try this seeing the ingredients were simple and what I need. I'm not sure if I have a bad batch or what, but this smells horrible!! I can't even keep it on my lips to tell you if it works well.
I loved it for the first month or two because after then it wouldn't spray. It would come out thicker like a shampoo and got clogged a lot. Very sad though because I LOVE this line of products and it smelled really good.
I should have known what I was getting when I ordered these earrings due to such a cheap price. When they arrived I was very disappointed, as they looked VERY cheap. I ended up simply throwing them out as I knew that I would never wear them.
I have oily acne skin and this stuff made it worse and dries my skin out.
I bought another poly gel set by another company and was pleased with it. Although the gel from this kit is easier to work with, in my opinion, the gel forms don't match the size of my nail bed. They are a little too big and square. Also, after I apply the nail forms to my nails and cure them in the lamp, they are ridiculously to almost impossible to remove. This company's poly gel kit doesn't work for me.
I gave it 2 stars because of the good swivel BUT the clippers simply shred the nail. No clean cut. I would not buy again
works great but there is almost no product in the tube. It is also very see through
These are flimsy and weird. You are better off with a terry washcloth.
Big and bulky, does not work plugged in. Trimmer is terreible. Pass
Ok, but not as good as the real thing. The smell is off, the spray leaves a slight buildup on my underarms, and it doesn't keep me as dry as the real thing.
I was disappointed and plan to return it for a refund. So many ladies are really in chronic Pain every day. Hurting in such a private area and no one you can talk about it with.I had such high hopes but it did burned and made my symptoms worse. Still looking for some help.........
I had purchased this model years ago and needed to replace it only because the plastic holding the mirror to the base cracked. The new mirror is out of focus unless your face is several inches from it.
unfortunately I cannot write a long review because I didn't get to stick to using the product for long. The product unfortunately irritated my gums so I had to stop using it .
I really liked the first band I bought but this one is not tight enough.
The motor is very weak. Does not achieve the desired effect.
The photo shows two bottles and I only received one.. very disappointing ;( the low rating is due to deceptive advertising
Did not fit the blow dryer I bought it for but fit an older blow dryer so I kept them.
love Fake Bake but the airbrush is too messy; i would get the original spray bottle
While in portrait orientation, this does a fine job at holding onto your phone. However, when in landscape, the phone falls before I can even let go of it. Disappointing.
Literally turned to liquid inside the bottle when out on the beach. Was afraid to use it in that form so only got one use out of it. Not impressed.
I got the shampoo instead of the body wash. Smells great though
Too big to wear with shoes. Didn't want to send it back cause they were already on my feet. Since feet are gross, I wasn't gonna make anyone repackage these.
When I opened amazon package I could see the container was damaged, the lid is cracked so I won't be able to close it properly and take the risk of losing product
The colors were different when I received this product. Not as nice in person. I should have never relied on my computer screen. I should have purchased blush/bronzer in a store. :(
The wig I got in the mail looks nothing like the picture!
Clogs and doesn't work too well. This has been more of a hassle. I wouldn't bother with it.
These are difficult to open and the amount of body wash is too little. The quality of the soap doesnt seem to be very good, it didnt seem like it was actually cleaning which caused me to open up 3 every time I showered. I will use the rest of the box but I will not purchase again.
When I finally got it. Extremely happy till I pulled it out of the hair net. What I had received was knotted and I could run my fingers through what so ever. It also had a smell to it. So I tried to get the tangles out using their method and I now have a frizzy mess on one half of the wig where the tangles where horrible at the other side is perfectly fine. The bangs when you Friday get them make you look like the grudge so that's a plus I guess. Took me 6 hours to get the knots out having to at the end cut some places because the knots where just to bad. The wig also didn't come how it was supposed to look with the curls. The color was almost spot on. But it took me forever to get the wig to do what I had needed it to. I had to come back to it the next day. And now it's in a bun until I can see if someone can fix it or if I can figure out a way to. This product does tangle easily. For what ever reason. And after it tangles if it gets bad enough. It will make the hair look like you killed it from over bleaching. And the feeling is horrible on the one side. I didn't expect much when I First bought it I mean the one side that didn't tangle is amazing but the other side is a fucking mess and a half
Mine just stopped working after 3 months. It turned on but the motor was completely dead
After the first shave or two they cut up my face.
Product arrived with gooey shampoo coating the outside of the bottles and inside of packaging. Pumps were taped down, but this didn't stop product from oozing out of the bottles. Disappointed that shampoo arrived with less than a full bottle - especially for the price paid (picture shown is after I wiped down both bottles to show you how much of the shampoo was missing).
These are more of a winter weight ...not enough scalp coverage
Charger works for iPhone X, magnet did not hold after 2 days. Did not work well as described. I would not recommend buying
The loofah on these is pretty thin and they don't really work well, I would say a washcloth would be better. Plus they are very small.
I loved the idea; however a little more difficult to use, the sponge is too small
I like the idea of this product but the material kept snagging, catching and pulling my hair
2 stars is for poor packaging. The lotion glass bottle shattered inside the bubble wrap. The plastic body wash bottle one is intact. Sent back for replacement.
I love the product but it did stain my toothbrush which I don't like and it's really tempting to swallow it like candy
Great price but it was to fruity for me. I love the Victoria night perfume. Hoping to find some others similar to it
Product didn't work for me. I used it after sauna, tried it as nighttime mask but it just doesn't feel like it's nourishing the skin.
I don't love this tint kit. I think beard die works far better. Disappointed. Lasts for maybe a day or two.
I haven't even used the product because I am afraid to. The item I received seal has been previously opened.
I was not impressed with this product. For the price, I expected way more longevity. I have found cheaper items that work better.
Would have like 10x magnify
The luminescence is nice, but the color and coverage are both terrible. I suppose if you're essentially looking for a tinted moisturizer, and you have very warm/yellow undertones, it might be okay. I was looking for a more full coverage, and I have very cool undertones, so it looks awful. I would never buy this product again.
The original product was definitely a 5 star product, but it was better in the black oval tubes. These new tubes leak and honestly just aren't as unique as the old style was. The colors are awesome and the product still feels and smells amazing, but the leaking is a big downer.
Did not work. Don't waste your money
Product left patchy spots even though it seemed to spray even.
This product came to me in a busted box with the bristles of the brushes smashed. I returned it and purchased from different company.
feels oil, sits on the skin,
very tangly, no matter how careful you try to comb it out.
I bought organic cedarwood and organic lavender essential oil. Shipping is fast but The oil itself just doesn't smell right.( Because I bought these two scents several times from big brands before. I thought I'd give this a try. )These oil aren't pleasant. Sorry I have to give it a bad review, I really don't like these.
nice brush and colors but does not lost longer.
The mirror is nice but not worth the price. The first mirror I bought wouldn't come on so I sent it back and got another one and it was cracked in the corner and hard to come on.
I feel like I'm gonna die from chemical poisoning from the awful smell this product gives. I have no idea what they use to create these brushes but silicone should not smell like that....
The larger cream was great. The smaller one was rancid, not sure why must have been a bad batch
Bought this for a gift & the packaging was damaged. It's understandable that whoever handled it during delivery wasn't cautious with the package. Therefore, I recommend it's shipped in a small box instead of a bag.
ordered pk of 2 but only got pk of 1
I sweat a lot, as do most of the people using these, I imagine. They simply don't work, and I really wanted them to. They produce sweat rings. There's a small quarter-sized dry spot in the middle, but in the area that you care about -- the area people can see -- the sweat is completely apparent, and humiliating.
This product just didn't work for me. After using it, my skin started breaking it. Not sure why, but apparently benzyl alcohol can cause a skin allergy. Maybe that was it? Who knows.
I needed a contour. I was hoping this would be a cooler color but it ends up having warm undertones and it's very dark. For the price, I'd try another color. The problem was this came with a crack in the color (a piece broken off). It made the compact dirty so I tried to clean it by pouring off the broken piece the pics show what happened. I picked up the pieces that fell out immediately when I turned it over and placed it back in the compact and now it's worse than the initial broken piece. I don't blame the manufacturer. This item wasn't packaged for shipment properly.
I have dehydrated skin. It feels tight but looks oily. The rave reviews about this made me purchase it. Welp I used it for about a week and in my cabinet it sits. It just didn't do the trick, it's not overly hydrating. It's more thick and like cerave PM for me. I need light but effective moisturizer. Not a fan at all.
I have dark brown skin. When I use this it gives u ashy cast. Will not buy again. Do not use if you're brown skinned
I did the same application process for each one and only 3 turned out with the correct effect. The ones that did work looked pretty cool. Too expensive for only 3 out 7 working.
I'm not sure if I can rate this product. While it smells great and softens the hair it does not boost color.
This color is undetectable on me (I'm pale) and doesn't build. I won't buy again. You also can't tell where you have applied it, but that doesn't really matter because it doesn't ever develop.
Leaves white residue.
I was hoping to love this sunscreen when I bought it. I bought this for my trip to Maui for me and my family. Since they talk about using coral reef sunscreen I bought this one. Well me , my daughter and my son got sunburned. We even did the 2nd spray after being out for 2hrs. We still got sunburned. Looks like I need to find another product that will give me coverage, coral reef safe and not get sunburned.
This dryer doesn't have that much drying power to be honest. If you have long hair it's almost impossible to dry your hair without bits of it getting caught in the back fan as you're drying. It doesn't get very hot and it take a really long time to dry all of my hair. I thought the hanger would be a plus, it is convenient but it's really hard to install and the “light” is barely noticeable. It's honestly not worth the hassle.
I purchased the unit in April 2019 and liked it. It was working fine but lately noticed that cleaning power gradually decreased and within 2 days the power is draining out. Not satisfied with this product.
Not crazy about scent thought it would be more coconut
The product is great but it was advertised Black/Brown and I received Black. 2 stars because wrong color.
Nice but has a odd smell
Bought this on a recommendation from a friend. She loves it. I find it leaves residue in my hair and leaves it flat. Nice low price tho and I like the pump. Will use it up on the kids.
Doesn't work as well as the cream
Was ok I did not notice any changes and returned item.
Keeps on falling off no matter how you tighten it
It works fine, but the bristles are so stiff I feel like I'm damaging my teeth! The soft handheld brushes are much gentler. Had an Oral-b electric toothbrush before and will be returning to that.
I bought this from Amazon. I already own a bottle. This is way watered down and not like my original bottle. Not sure if this one is reformulated? It lasted about an hour on my skin and was gone. The juice doesn't even look the same as the original. The original has a yellow color in the light and this one looks like water. I'm not sure what happened??? I'm about 95% this is some kind of fake. It smells nothing like my original and kinda smells like bug spray. I would check this product out some where else.
the only problem is Amazon Fulfilment. I have been receiving so many packages (this one included) in flimsy envelopes. In this case, the product is OK...but the package boxes are crushed, and I'm giving them as gifts...I would like the packages in better condition.
The shower cap is so small and tight it could fit a 10 month old baby. It squeezes my head. Who's head is that small? I bought it because I love the print. Get real on the adult size, please!
after months, still loose hair
Before I purchased these I asked the seller how to select the "boy" set with the Pokemon toys inside, since that is not an option. I was assured that I was receiving the Pokemon set. I bought the set and was saving them for Christmas. We surprised our son with one early and he was so excited to have his own and was expecting a Pokemon (I was too since that is what I was told I was buying). He did not get a Pokemon or Littlest Pet Shop but rather some super cheap weird cat thing. He was dissappointed, I was mad. I contacted the seller again and they apologized and sent me a replacement, again assuring me that I was getting bath bombs with Pokemon toys. Again, same weird cat toy, one had a Pokemon, and the last another weird cat toy in another color. I contacted them again and explained that I wanted to have a chance to make the situation right before I left a review. After a few days I received a reply of now they need my address and phone number to send me a new one. At this point I just wanted them to acknowledge their mistake and fix their posting because it is misleading. They sent me a box of the six smaller ones and the two we have used to far have both been Pokemon. I would not purchase again. Even though I received a response, I felt like this company did not listen to me at all or understand what the actual issue was.
I bought this hoping it would go on easy and not smear. I only used it once and it was empty!
I only got the metal file. I was looking for something else and saw it was supposed to be a 2 PC
This product has a strong peppermint smell which I was looking forward to while taking a bath. Unfortunately it not only does not create bubbles ( even if vegetable glycerin is added at the same time ), if added to an existing bath with bubbles, it destroys the existing bubbles!
It turned my hair blue :(
its cute, its fun... but hard to get on your head and it is NOT microfiber material. It's like a plush blanket material. not absorbent.
Didn't last a whole year before it just died. Would recommend for emergency use only. Otherwise, don't bother.
My skin feels good and refreshed. My feet are nice and soft. I think I gave this product a premature review. I didn't realize there was peppermint in this product and after a while it made me itch and burn. Sorry, at first it felt good, not so good after a while. Went from 5 stars to 2 stars.
Not a great conditioner. Way too drying and it was hard to comb through afterwards. Buy the scalp treatment; that is worth it.
Not for day time. Evening settings where the light is deem and you can get away with it not looking so bad. Looks like your grandmothers old wigs
Received it and about half of the face wash had leaked out, the seal was already broken and it was a complete mess.
Unfortunately the soap was damaged, probably because it has no wrapping other than the paper label. I could not exchange them for undamaged items, I had to return them. When I went back to the site to replace them, the price had gone up :(
This shaver broke within 90 days, which was wrong. I bought the shaver in Nov. or early December as a gift for my husband's birthday on Dec 20. The second wrong was in regard to contacting the seller, whose response was simply stated: Contact Remington. The return policy is 30 days. Not very happy with my $80.00 broken shaver
I wanted to subscribe and save this product, but I received it with the pump missing. Now I have to unscrew the top to use the lotion.
It would have been worth the price if it worked. The important thing to remember about keratosis pilaris is that everyone skin responds differently so it may still work for you. I had a better outcome using gold Bond cream instead though.
Charger would charge my Apple Watch and would not charge my iPhone. Instructions indicated that a green light would come on when it was charging my Items. No green light ever came on. Instructions written in poor english. Charge is well built. Product returned for a refund.
My only problem is that the product showed up spilled in the bag. like the top was busted on the lotion bottle.
Very disappointed 😔 most of the product had been spilled all in the plastic wrap package
Took a little while for me to notice but my hair seems to hold oil from the shampoo/conditioner. It is heavy and weighs my hair down. Will be switching to another brand
I did not expect to receive this tiny package for $36. This is preposterous, the grapefruit scent wasn't so bad but after a while it just ends up smelling like a rotten/spoilt grapefruit.
This product doesn't suds up in your hair or on your body. It smells good but it doesn't leave me feeling clean. I'm trying to use it up rather than throw it away.
I've had these less than a week and already 2 broke. They each broke the first time I used them. I've had these before and they were good, something isn't right with this order though.
Not a winner in my book. Hair was too knotted and matted together. Couldn't really style it. So disappointed because I love curly wigs.
Eh. Feels good going on, but after a month, looks like I have more wrinkles.
I added a star because it is helping my itchy scalp, but it is very watery and since the seal was already broken before I even used it I suspect it was watered down from it's original form. Too pricey for what you get.
The nails were very small and short. I have small nails and couldn't use them. Thanks
Based of tooth brush does not touch the top of the tooth brush handle. Otherwise the tooth brush is fine.
This has always been my favourite eyeliner! Unfortunately the one that I received is nothing like the product that I've bought in stores previously. While this eyeliner lasted through both a panick attack and a full kitchen shift of work in the same day; its almost impossible to put on. The normal texture of this makeup is creamy and luxurious. The one l recieved is dry and tacky.
The bars don't smell as good as regular Irish Spring, and they are so big you need linebacker hands to keep a steady grip on them.
Really strong smelling! You don't need much. I made the mistake of applying like other lotion and got a terrible headache. But it smells like nag. Just use a small drop, don't lather.
The plastic holding the bristles cracked after using this a handful of times and the bristles started falling out
I ordered axe dark temptation shower gel in the package even said shower gel put the bottles inside was body wash. The last two orders have been like that
This is probably a personal preference, but I thought the fragrance was awful. I was looking forward to a nice, fresh citrusy scent, but this smelled totally manufactured. I hated it.
I thought this wig looked super beautiful online, and I had been looking at it for a while, but I was really disappointed when it was delivered. The wigs part is on the left, and you can't change it. I thought it was an odd choice considering most part their hair on the right. The wigs cut also seemed uneven to me, and not in a flattering way. Parts were longer than the other, and this isn't what's shown in the picture. Overall, this wig made me look like a cheap corner worker if anything. I wanted to like it but sadly will be returning it.
Based on reviews both online and in person, I thought this brand would be worth a try. Unfortunately, it's mostly been a disappointment for me. I don't feel like it softens or moisturizes my hair. The conditioner really doesn't do any detangling or softening. Maybe it's just my hair, but I was bummed about this.
I used for my acne and blemish. I used it for like 2 weeks it brough out more big pimples. i thought that will go away if I kept using ir but nope.
I would like to have given a much higher review however I had to return this item due to the fact that I have red hair and the instructions that came with the product stated I was out of luck. Had I known this before I purchased it things would have been much different. Make sure you read the full story from the internet and please don't rely on the description on the Amazon page. Sorry I wasn't able to try this product but it is what it is.
Doesn't exfoliate that well, black residue gets all over shower curtains and even when I wash it off my body I have to use a ton of body wash to get the black residue out of my skin. It's like it stains onto skin.
After all the hype i had seen i wanted to try the soap. It cleans very well but the scent does not even seem to rub off. I smell like unscented soap and everyone ive asked has agreed. The soap itself smells amazing but just doesnt seem to stick or last.
I was hoping for a lightly scented product that would add a little cheer to the personal washing process without clinging. Instead, I found the scent to be quite heavy and that I smelled of Sandalwood for hours after using this soap. I put the bar that I opened in a corner of a linen closet here that had a stale smell. The soap bar becomes sort of a sachet that sweetens the smell of the closet. The other 11 bars I am donating to a charity resale store rather than fuss with a refund for a product that is not actually defective, just not what I hoped for.
Liked the size of the cutting blade. The product itself sucks. Quits cutting mid cut until you clean it out again. I shave my head every 4 days like clockwork. The battery doesn't hold a charge. I would not recommend this product. I have stopped using it and can't return it, so i bought something else from Walmart.
Unfortunately the replacements were as dull as or more so than the originals. I bought the sharpening disc and did little good. Will probably go back with the original Mfgs. unit
The smell is awful. I'm still using it because I hate to have wasted the money. Nothing special.
Love this ...It is just as good as the one I paid 3 times as much for!!! Too bad it flakes a little and doesn't last at all......Very little product......
While they work okay- not great, not awful, what surprised me is that they rusted within the 7 weeks that I've had them.
Despite taking very good care of these brushes, I felt they started to fall apart and deteriorate very quickly. Very unfortunate; I really liked them when I first received them.
product clumps and does not extend lashes
It's just not as good as advertised. It does not bronze and it doesn't have great moisturizing properties. It wasn't worth what I paid
The wig is pretty. The "hair" itself doesn't look fake. But if you are new to wigs, this wig is NOT the one. If you are used to thin hair, this wig may be too much for you. It is soooo thick. I have plucked it so much and it still looks ridiculous. I took it to a wig shop and paid the girl to pluck it and cut it for me, and it still needs more. I'm donating it and will buy another some where else. The wig cap is so big and bulky. I was so hoping it would look as good for me as it did other reviewers.
If you're looking for a wig that looks real I do not recommend this wig. It's nice for a Halloween costume but that's really all it's good for.
When I received this product, about a quarter of the oil had leaked inside of the bag it was shipped in. No biggie, things happen. But after using the pump a few times, I've found that the pump leaks almost as much around the base of the nozzle as it does dispense the product. Would not purchase again for the amount of product that is wasted with each use.
The beauty of these hair combs are face value. The function is basically useless, unless you only need them to hold hair (and I use the term "hold" loosely) for a very short time... while standing or walking gracefully. The comb teeth are light-weight wire and flimsy .
The quality of this brush isnt the best, it feels kind of hard and not smooth at all. Ive used other brushes before and they have smoothness to them when used but this feels like a rough sponge brushing my head
They seem to cut off nearly all the hair in one snip, so kinda defeats the purpose of thinning.
Loofah sponges expand with water and they are initially hard and soften later on. However, this one is so hard and expands in the wrong direction when wet that it becomes unusable. The sponge bulges and arches in the opposite way that your back does so I don't see how this can be used effectively. You end of rubbing your back with only one point. I have had loofah back scrubbers that don't do that. I don't recommend buying this one.
Poor product!!! I thought a good name brand should have great results, WRONG!!! This item was a super bummer!!!! If I wasn't so lazy I'd have shipped it back for a refund.....just sitting in my bathroom cabinet collecting dust!!!!
Did nothing but dried my hair
I wanted to like this product, but I found it to be too highly scented, to the point that I can't use it. Granted, I have a very sensitive nose, so you may not experience the same difficulty. All the same, the fragrance is very perfume like instead of natural scented, so it isn't the product for me.
Does not stay in place
I have very thick hair and this clip with hardly hold any hair. We were not a great fit. It is cute however. Shipping took forever! In fact I had forgot I ordered it!!
I didn't really see any firming. It did hydrate though. :-( Sad bc I love Nivea products.
Not working for me and yes you absolutely have to use a thin layer otherwise it will show when it dries. Also, do not move face while cream dries.
Never receive this item
Didnt stay on face very long. Nor did it blend in.
It still fogs, even after having been in a hot shower for 20 minutes, squeegeed it clear and tossed hot shower water on it too. Still fogged up. It took longer for it fog up, but not enough time that I was able to finish shaving.
This one is too watery for me. I didn't get a very good lather. The gel version is much better In my opinion.
It was easy to put on but the length of the lashes were too long. It's a ver dramatic look.
Didn't work for me and had a fruity candy smell I didn't like
2 stars bc the warmer itself works well. However the wax it comes with is practically useless. Probably removed about 70% of the hair on a good strip. I'm female and have blonde leg hair. What's the use in going through the waxing process if you just have to shave afterward? Used it once and has been sitting under my sink since then. Please don't waste your money.
I expected it would be better to use smaller one for the precise result but obviously not.
I gave it 2 stars because at 1st I thought it was great hair but after 2 weeks it was just like any old hair I have brought in the past that didn't wear well after 2 week. This hair is very mediocre
Good portion and product, just a bit on the drying side. My skin is already dry so it would probably be fine for someone with younger/oilier skin.
I use this in several body/ bath products . I have purchased refined and unrefined. All of the containers have been cracked on the bottom, fyi. Shipping problem? Or factory problem? I prefer refined. No smell.
Not really happy. The colors are cool but the top coat is as thin as water. No seals on the polishes so they won't given as a gift to a 9-12 yr old. I probably wouldn't have noticed lack of seal if the clear coat wasn't as thin as water. I initially thought it was a bottle of quick dry
Okay, so these are super cute, though they don't fit right or stay in place. The material allows for it to slide backwards on your head and there is barely any give when trying to stretch it out. Cute if you're just lounging around, but wouldn't be a functional accessory when going out. Cute styles though!
Not pigmented in the least bit. Super dry.
Loved it but it stopped working after 2 weeks.
When I received this and began using it I was very surprised it received so many good reviews. It's a very small container and is very watered down. It hardly foams or lathers at all and thus requires more usage so I imagine it will probably not last more than a couple weeks of daily shower use. But it does have a High concentrate of teatree, which is good. But I will not purchase this again.
My daughter says they hurt her hair. When you put your hair in wet it won't dry even 8 hours later.. But when you put your hair in dry it doesn't hold any curl.
It's portable for sure, so that's amazing about this product, but you have to constantly pay attention because you can't really adjust the temperature so it gets burning hot if you don't switch it off... You constantly need to switch it off and back on during the treatment because it really overheats towels or stones. It would be perfect if you could set the max temprature, but other than that is good for on the go product...
First off I should have took a picture of how they packaged and sent this...it was packaged like they were letting a friend borrow some brushes in a little plastic bag and then it only had 4 brushes and one was damaged and coming apart..I was so disappointed I sent that back the next day...I ordered them for my God daughter's bday and I was disappointed.I gave them 2 star for effort I guess.....I really wanted those seen brushes ...and they were a gift how was I even suppose to give them to anybody packaged like that..they need to take pride in their merchandise...smh!
it was a lot shorter than the one I have already in purple. I had to return it.
Still cannot apply the lashes; probably user error.
What they sent is NOT what is pictured. I loved, loved, loved the Rosemary Mint, as is pictured. Unfortunately I have not been able to find it in store, so bought on Amazon. But - what they sent me is Rosemary Moisture. Boooooo.......
Buyer beware. Pay attention to the quantity ordered. I did not, otherwise I would NOT have paid for ONE single packet. I have not tried the product yet because I feel ripped off....it better be good! They need to take down the pics of those multiple packets. It gives the wrong impression.
This brushes look very kool, the brush itself is soft but the handle and the gold pieces on the end of the handle keep detaching so I had to crazy glue the ends back on to the brush handle.
These eyelashes are a little crazy. I couldn't find a way to make them look like anything other than a huge spider on your eye. I love dramatic makeup, but this was over the top.
SO. ROUGH. I felt like I was ripping my skin off when using this! I ordered a pack of two and ended up throwing both away. Sad to have wasted the money.
Not the color I thought it would be
If you have perfect hair this may work for you. However, for my girls with already color treated hair, or slightly damaged hair this will not work. It doesn't leave your hair smooth at all. It straightens but doesn't' have the technology to smooth it out or prevent flyaways. Also my hair would get stuck on the sides of it. Save yourself the money.
This shea butter smells like cigarettes! My product is ruined.
Does not remove blackheads. Just removes that thin fuzzy hair.
They are substantial, but saying there is any loofah is very misleading. These are just standard mesh poofs. What really turned me off is the smell. If you were to hold a flame 5" from one of these I'm certain it would burst into flames. Not certain I want to rub that on my body.
Mine doesn't have USB cover at the bottom as waterproof stated in the description. The charge cord port is exposed. It is painful to use even with the sensitive mode.
Sure, you wake up with gross stuff stuck to your foot but is that really toxins? I doubt it. I don't feel any different
These break very easily.
Not good for thick hair
Wig is much shorter than advertised.
Bought this product for my wife in January and she is no longer happy with the product. It worked well for about a month and a half with the essential oils. Now the essential oils all have the same weird plastic smell even though she cleans the product after a few uses as directed. The Bluetooth and lights work just fine and the mist does last past 6 hours. She just wanted the product to put out the scent that was used. Now I'm shopping for a new diffuser for her.
Doesn't do anything so far.was hoping it plumped abit but no. Like vaseline on. Won't purchase or recommend. I'd like to return if POSSIBLE this was abit costly. Please advise
So pretty but doesn't take long til your lips are dry and patchy
After a month i see no evidence of less dry skin.
I don't have nothing negative to say I really dont like it it's super lighter in person then in the pictures it just wasn't for me :/
This wig was so poor quality, I don't think it's worth buying even at the super low price. If you are planning on moving your head at all, the hair will reveal the seam and, worse, paper or plastic sticking out. The hair is sparse, like a balding woman. Returning this, invest the extra $8 and get a decent wig.
Dave your money. Very overrated. Not any better than a 3$ comb. Don't know where all these 5 stars are coming from.
This hair is very high maintenance. I've had it in for 2 months. When maintained it's ok. But it says out way to fast. I've been a licensed hairstylist for 12 years so I know how to maintain the hair, but it's more work then the average.
I bought this because it was advertised for being good for people with larger pores and my pores were more visible than ever when using this.
Because it dried hard on my skin, I applied moisturizer over Sudden Change and my skin results - firming lines - went away! So in essence, it does nothing for me unless I want to walk around like a mummy, not moving my skin at all (not smiling, squinting, etc.) I thought Sudden Change took the dark under eye circles away.
First I ordered a black and recieved a blue...tried to contact the seller and there is no option to contact the seller. 2nd the toothbrush is ok doesnt have as intensity as a sonicare toothbrush. You live and learn.
i have the diffuser sitting in front of me as I type this and it has gone on and off more than 5 times. i have the right amount of water, it's on a flat surface. bought the 2 pack and neither of them will work. they won't stay running.
why is it taking so long to ship , week and a 1/2 still not receved. whats wrong,wear yhe hell is my shipment,
When I received the product, it looked as if it had already been used. There was water in the steamer slot and hair on the iron. I used it once when I first got it and haven't used it since.
Shipping was super slow on this; if you need it for an interview or something it will take a week to arrive so be aware. It did not put a dent in my manic panic vampire red and it bleached my virgin growth completely blonde so I now have blonde roots for 2 inches and the rest is varying intensities of faded red. It did not seem to damage my hair as much as conventional bleaches however it failed to remove any of the direct dye hence the 2 stars. My color was applied 6 months ago and had been faded with the olive oil and dish soap method so I really hoped to get the last out but nope. I will be going to a salon now to try and fix this disaster since further lightening would probably melt the now bleached hair. Also I have shoulder length hair and would have needed 3 packets so the price is way off for a bleach product just go to Sally's.
Haven't noticed any improvement, and being that I am 70 and post menopausal .... it will not help. He was worth a try .
DO NOT WASTE YOU MONEY! They sent it in a bag with NO BOX!!! It was ALL Damaged could not use!! Do Not Purchase!! :(
It does nth to me , and it leaves a yellow scalp , appears as if there is dust on my hair
It doesn't cover grey
Hard to hold in your mouth and also to keep light on.
This product doesn't create a lasting product. I don't know why but the curls fall right out of my hair within 30 minutes. I go from full volume to a lackluster lose wave no matter how long I heat the curls. Maybe it doesn't get hot enough.
These smell really gross — kinda like men's shaving cream, and the mask doesn't work very well.
This is too small. It is not what was expected.
Mine quit working 4 days after the return date just my luck It worked amazing till It stoped working.
ok came with the dropper glass broken
This product dried my hair out
My hair will fall out all on its own by the time this starts working
This is NOT a good wig! I wanted a red wig for an Ariel cosplay. This is a pretty casual cosplay for me, so I thought I'd save some money and get a cheap wig. Terrible mistake. Most wigs have hair framing the entire face, but this one has no hair by the ears. Which means unless you glue the hair to your face, people will see your real hair underneath as you move. It's also super thin and sheds profusely. I will be cutting all the wefts out and gluing them into a nicer wig because this as it comes is unusable. I would only buy if you need it purely for fun. Maybe for a child?
I have to admit I was a little disappointed. Expected more items or sample size to be more than just one use. Won't be buying again.
This is really heavy.
I been using this product for 2 weeks. It has done nothing to my skin tags.
These may be great, for all I know. I haven't managed to get the damned things out of the shipping box yet. I have experienced spinal cord damage resulting in compromised grip strength and couldn't defeat the packaging. [addendum] I finally gave up on opening it and asked an able-bodied person to help me. Even she was mouthing curses under her breath by the time she extracted the product from the shipping box. There is really no reason for that kind of packaging for this product. Had I known the nature of the packaging, I would have simply used a box cutter to cut around one side of the box and cut the side completely out. It would have been easier and quicker.
The scents are ok I assume. They all smell like whichever one leaked into the packaging! (see photo) Haven't diffused them yet... will update after I do. So far, not too happy!
I colored my hair blue-black and this couldn't touch the grays and washed out in about three days.
At first I liked it because of how it made my hair look , but now I don't like how much product build up it leaves on your scalp.
waste of money. i followed instructions with a steaming hot rag compression for 5 minutes to open pores, waited until it was completely dry before i peeled it off & literally nothing came out.
My search continues. This product works, and did not remove natural waves. It allowed me to style and left a kind of dull shine. But it left my hair crunchy and hard. That is the trade off for the nice hold and retaining the full look all day. For me, I couldn't take it. I like to feel my own hair and I like ladies to feel it. With this product, that was not a pleasant thought. This product has some really great ingredients in it. I'd like to find a "lite" version of it that works on the hair without so much stiffness.
I have thick hair and even on the highest heat setting, it doesn't straighten my hair or feel hot. It is lightweight and perfect size but it doesn't straighten my thick hair.
I received the item promptly and loved the price,however everyone has their own preferences when it comes to essential oil scents and unfortunately this one wasn't for me.
I love their other scents and this one also. But for some reason irritates my pits.
Bought these for my fiance's Joker costume and they are extremely small! He still ended up using them but put them in different spots than the Joker had in the movie.
Bought to cut hair mats off my long-haired cat didn't work. I don't know how it would work on human hair so I didn't put it down lower
I had to give this away, the smell was way too strong for me and did not dissipate over time
Worked very well....for a few hours. Plastic broke in half while wearing.
This does not compare to the nightguard I purchased through my dentist for over $200. The fit is nowhere near as comfortable. Unable to use as a nightguard.
Didn't stick as expected.
I thought this was great first few times I used it, however it leaks leaving a pool of water on my sink. It still leaks even if I empty the reservoir as completely as I can. I don't know if mine is just faulty and it's normally a decent product or if it's just low quality overall. Unfortunately I unboxed it late, and have barely used it but I missed the return window already. Sometimes it's not worth trying to save money with a lower cost item that *seems* just as good as the brand name products cause it ends up costing more when you have to replace it anyway.
Constantly smelled like burning hair. Even before it touched my hair for the first time.
Bucket is a little too tall to be able to sit comfortably, legs are kind of pinched together just below the knee. Rollers jagged, like the plastic was not properly finished / sanded and I was afraid if I let it go too long one time around one of my feet would end up cut. Literally, one bubble came up every so often, massage jets or Jacuzzi style was non existent. Water didn't get very warm either. Much overpriced for a poorly finished and not so functional product.
This product is definitely not a deep conditioning product. The consistency is very watery for a mask and even leaving it in doesn't really do anything for my hair. Disappointed...up note it does smell good.
Basic conditioner, not conditioning enough for my hair.
Unfortunately this product didn't work for my sensitive skin. I like using eye shadow as liner for a softer look, and once I figured out the correct consistency it worked really well for keeping the powder in place all day. But it makes my skin sore, and after I removed my makeup I would notice a little puffiness. Anyone know of a makeup sealant that also works for sensitive skin...? I'll keep looking.
Cheap, broke after couple uses. Handle broke off
Product looks as pictured. Did not work to irrigate throats debris.
I'm sure it works fine for some people, but after using the normal/oily Selsun Blue with excellent results, I tried this one because it was a deal on Amazon. It gave me a rash on my scalp and neck - red and blotchy. No flakes, but a nasty rash, so I discontinued use (obviously).
Very light compared to what the chart shows. Doesn't go on easily.
Did not work as expected, it didnt straighten my hair or beard like advertised.
One of the elastic at the bottom of the clip broke the first time I used it.
Very costume-ish can definitely tell it's a wig super thick hairline and you can easily see where the wefts are placed. Great for Halloween or cosplay but definitely not for everyday wear. Was pretty disappointed:(
The product is just as described. When I received it, I immediately placed it on and it definitely looks like a clown wig at first as most of the hair is very short around the sides. I did pull at it and developed a style. Unfortunately, I just could not pull it off. If I had to do it all over again, I would not purchase this product because of the shortness and style. However, it looks just like the picture.
It did not burn my skin when I washing my face. However, after three days of using their rosacea wash, deep cleanser and rosacea lotion, my face felt tight and itchy (especially near my noes). My face got even more red than usual. I believe there are better non burning, natural cleansers out there. Save your money.
Wish results were quicker on second bottle and no changes in discoloration yet
product not even close to suggested color---would not recommend this product !!
I'm not one to write negative reviews without trying to work with the company to rectify a bad experience. That said, I have a certain level of expectation when it comes to support offered by premium brands at reasonably high price points. This company falls very short of that bar. The product is a good product, but it's one that I will find an alternative to once I have time to collect some recommendations. After my initial order, I ordered two of these (one for my travel bag and one extra for my cabinet) that never arrived to my home. The response from the company was basically "we'll give you a discount to purchase more of this product and hope it actually arrives this time". The tone of the interactions and the very blatant attempt to not resolve or even meet me halfway on resolution was such that I felt compelled to share my experience with others. I honestly felt like the company was accusing me of lying in our interactions. If you're really looking for a premium skincare product, I suspect you also have some threshold expectation of service should a product not be delivered to my home.
I was hoping it was close to for men, my bad. The other is hard to find, for men
Seemed to dry out my scalp instead of moisturize it.
It is not helpful for scars.maybe helpful for skin moist
I am a fan of the L'Oreal face products. Have used them for years, always with great results. I find their products to be of great value, which I appreciate. I receive compliments on my skin all the time. This product didn't do a thing for me. In fact, I felt like it made my skin near the eye area to look MORE dry and crepey. Yes, I read the instructions of not using around the eye area and I was careful to adhere to that. I saw no results whatsoever on my face after using this product. I threw this product in the trash after using it for 10 days. I initially read the Amazon reviews and made my purchase with hopes but, nope, this product didn't deliver any improvement for me whatsoever. Won't be buying again.
Not what i thought it would be the cap is too big for me personally the hair quality is alright, ive had better. I could probably work with it if the cap wasnt so big.
I thought this came wy nails and glue. Oh well will try and write a review.
I bought this a couple months ago and absolutely loved it. I got the crystal one and it looked exactly like the image. Over the last couple months day by day I find more broken pieces coming off from it. The whole bottom and sides are cracked and when I went to go move it today the lazy Susan wheel fell off making it useless. I don't think it's worth wasting your money on something that doesn't last more than a few months.
This is advertised as a "dual wattage curling iron" but in fact it has to have a converter just like every other "regular" curling iron. I bought this specifically so I didn't have to purchase a converter as well as an adapter and I still wouldn't be able to use it without having both! Misleading title!! Proves that you have to read every single buried description before purchasing which of course, is extremely time consuming when you are comparing an endless list of similar products. Obviously they know this and put misleading information in the title in the hopes that people won't bother to read everything at the bottom nor take the time to return the item!
Worthless, don't waste your money .
Value for money is great and it's a very complete kit but for some reason my warmer keeps going off every 2 minutes.
I've ordered this before with no problem but this time there was a lot of leakage. I love the product though. It's just a mess right now. Luckily I can clean up the bottle. I will just have less product.
After several months of use, I had no results of hair regrowth.
They're good but you MUST WASH before use which isn't typically how other tanning mitts are. These do leave black fabric all over your body if you don't wash and dry them first otherwise they're great.
These are very cute. However, they are not your typical slide off decals. You have to cut it to it's size in order to use it. These aren't actual nail decals. Buyer beware.
I did not like this hair whatsoever!! It cowashed awfully and could not be curled or straightened. It was a a complete waste of money and will definitely not be purchasing again!
This is not human hair I took out some of the white plastic strands I don't know maybe I got some bad bundles but I was truly disappointed.
This product caused my armpits to be VERY itchy after using. I have never been allergic to any products so it's very interesting as to what ingredient caused me to be so itchy. I can't wear it anymore and they wont return which is VERY frustrating...
Says it's a scar wash, but it does nothing for your scars
the bristles are very sharp and irritating
Doesn't work for me as well as other brands. Also doesn't last nearly as long as advertised on the can. Id return it but its past the timeframe because I was waiting to finish my current deodorant first. I would not recommend and I will not buy this brand again.
Worked great for a few months then all of the guards started breaking or wearing down to where they won't click onto the razor. Very disappointed and a waste of money. Definitely not professional use.
Let me first say that I really love thus shampoo. The problem is the 2 bottles I just ordered both were defective, the bottom of the bottle opened (see the picture). This is unacceptable.
This was not at all strong. Ridiculously creamy and soft, not a real mustache wax. I use other waxes that are firm, a bit sticky and able to hold a shape in the hair. Not this product. Perhaps I got a bad batch, but this has the consistency of a beard cream, not a wax. Scent is a bit strong - and a bit on the feminine side if you like that. Will not reorder.
Leaves hair limp; no volume whatsoever. Appears dirty. Not for me!
The nails themself are great!! Totally a hit! But the nail glue wasn't awesome. The nail glue had dried up and I was unable to put the nails on because I had no glue. I was so upset and I tried so hard to make it better but the glue was ROCK HARD!!!
Glitter everywhere, thought glitter was part of paint.... Haven't been able to wear due to glitter
BOUGHT THE SET OF TWO. ONE WORKED AND ONE DIDN'T. NOT REAL HAPPY AND THEN CAN'T RETURN IT SO....
I didn't like this variety.
Dont like the way the strands are coming apart already, seems like poor quality. But I'll update my review after wearing it for a week. Update: hair is not as expected, you literally have to twist the hair yourself. Hair quality isn't all that
There's no instructions!! How are you supposed to use a product if you don't get instructions with it?
Waste of money. I saw no changes. I used for solid 5 weeks. I take vitamins, probiotics, drink plenty of water, and use face oils and that does the trick better :)
I guess it works. It could be better
Did not see results.
Nice pink color, small, heat is hot, very noisy, good for travel not everyday use.
Nice smell and attractive packaging but it doesn't moisturize well. I keep it next to my bed so I can use it at night but have not seen any improvement in my skin (half of the bottle is used). Might be good for a guest bath.
Did nothing for me topically.
This scrub is more of a hard paste in my opinion which isn't a serious problem for me i mainly gave this product two stars due to its a body scrub and I put the remaining scrub on my hands and the next day it caused my hands to look flaky dry and overall cracked I have never had any issue with any scrub placing any residue on my hands after applying it to my body bcuz it should be safe for all over body care but sadly this isn't I will continue with the bottle I have but skip on placing any residue on my hands
Works well for tongue scraping BUT... The product was very sharp and had burrs all over the edges. I cut my fingers and my tongue one too many times and had to take sandpaper to the product before it was flesh-safe. C'mon guys, how hard is it to sand down and de-burr your product?
Thought I would give it a try since I love Axe products. The quality seemed fine but I just didn't like the feel of it on my skin which is probably a personal preference. I have thrown mine away. My review is more on my personal preference not the quality of the product.
Not any better than what you can buy at ANY salon....not worthy of ordering
Worst Con: I rated this two stars because the overly long "brush" bends extremely easy when inserting it back into the tube. It has permanent bends in several spots -- and can't be straightened. Next Worst Con: the brush doesn't really work for bottom lashes that are on the normal to thin side. Pros: I like the mascara itself, and without the bends, how it went onto the upper lashes (thinnish), only occasionally using another brush to remove excess. Since the bends, its not as good. No, I will not purchase this again unless the brush is changed.
Product lid came cracked, also slow grow hair minimizer was open and all over the package. Wish I could exchange for a new one
How can this be considered a setting spray when my foundation constantly is running off.
I wish there was an option to return this, used it twice and both times burned my nail beds in a weird way. I felt very uncomfortable but maybe my nails are just too weak? It's nice and easy to use, it seems reliable but it's just sadly a waste of money for me.
These are very hard for me to use. But they are sharp.
This did not whiten my teeth by any shade
I am disappointed that the second part was broken. Please make them more sturdy
got the wrong shade again.
This contains aluminum. I didn't read the description very well. I didn't realize it until I had already opened it and put some on. I thought all Tom's of Maine were all natural and didn't contain aluminium. It does feel nice and smell nice and keeps the odor and sweat away but I don't like to have aluminum on my body it is toxic and gives you a higher chance of getting breast cancer so i am at a loss i will have to just throw it away.
Product was easy to put up. The LED lights aren't as bright as I had hoped, but the real problem is the magnifying mirror is so distorted that it's not practical to even use.
Bought this because it wasnt to expensive and for overall good reviews. Unfortunately I did not like it to much. The scent is to juvenile for me and it does not last on.
This hair sheds like crazy, more than any human hair bundles I have purchased in my life. You can't even run your fingers through it without strands coming out. It is a nuisance, especially when you have to comb and style the hair. The hair also gets tangled easily and is a chore to brush and detangle. The hair color is the only redeemable quality preventing it from receiving a 1 star rating, but even THAT is flawed. The color is lighter and pinker than what is shown in the model photos (which shows a more purple color). However, the color is still pretty and I received compliments on it. Overall, I would not purchase this product again. If the hair had little to no shedding, I would give it 3 stars. It still gets tangled and frizzy very easily and the color does not match the pictures advertised.
Wish I had returned this immediately. In a well lit bedroom this mirror is too dim to apply makeup even at the highest setting.
I returned it as I ordered the 2015 edition, I received the 2016 edition. I contacted seller and the return was simple and the refund was quick. Customer service is great!
My 9 yr old loves mermaids so I got her this, and she loves it but she can't brush her hair with it. This might be a good brush for a mermaid Barbie, but for any kid older than about a year old it's not going to be a great hairbrush. The bristles are very thin. My 7 year old can't use it either and her hair is thin. It's just a decoration and/or a doll brush. Cute though.
It doesn't really work well. Hardly any hair comes out and it's poorly made.
Tried to stand it on my ceramic counter - but it lost suction within minutes
didn't like it. too thin and shreds a lot.
I liked the old one better. It worked for my combination skin with cystic acne. The new one? Terrible. Not the same affect. It's sitting at the far end of my closet.
The lavender vanilla scent is almost unbearable. It's more of a nauseating sweet scent vs. a clean lavender scent. Sweet mixed with 💩 is NOT a good combo!
Looks like a good mirror but the box was missing the nut that screws on the mirror to hold it to the wall bracket. Now I either have to find a replacement or return the whole mirror just because of one nut. Seems a shame... Sent an email to Ovente so lets see how long it takes to get a response and a decorative nut.
I do not like the containers for this loose powder. I find that it is impossible to apply in a way that works for me. The colors also seem a bit 'off'
They seem so loose, and aren't holding that well. I still have to double loop them, so maybe I am using it wrong? They work ok to hold a messy bun together but not feeling the love for a ponytail (and I have a pretty decent amount of hair).
It was good to use but wore off after an hours worth of being on by followed directions!
Overall not impressed with this product. I've had better luck with other shampoos. This leaves my hair oily and is overall low quality. It's okay, it has a nice smell, but I've had better shampoo and conditioner sets for what I paid for this. This is pretty average, which is a let down since I was looking forward to it because of its contents. Lastly, I read on a question that it's a fraction of the cost in store, so if I bother to buy it again, I'll get it in store to balance its cost with its worth.
Two of the colors was empty and there is no way to send the defected product back or to let them know so they can replace the ones that was defected.will it order from them again
I have bought this product in a different color that worked pretty well, but the light brown-blond was extremely clumpy and looked terrible. I could not use this product.
Nice soft brushes, but after a few months of use (not even every day) the brush heads fell off of most of the handles. I guess you get what you pay for.
I will return it because I am skeptical with any product that gives an incentive to give the product five star review.
It isnt the worst....however mine does not have much power at all. I also wish the brush head was bigger.
These smell like rubbing alcohol.
Did not notably moisten/soften hair and leaves way too much residue.
first time washed it faded. hair goes thru it very easy. disappointed wont be using :(
either I was sold a dysfunctional mirror, since the mirror eats AAA a batteries! First I bought cheap batteries at a Dollar Store, the mirror requires 3 AAA batteries. Turned on the light for no more than a minute or two for the first time, came back the next morning, batteries were dead! Put 3 more new cheap batteries in, same symptoms, worked for the first 2 times then dead. Went and bought the Ever Ready Duracell batteries, the top of the line AAA batteries. Same symptoms! Very frustrated and very unhappy with the product. It seems to have a battery draw even with the light off. I use it now without the light. Thought about returning it for a refund or perhaps an exchange, but the directions and the language used on the box is French. Be careful not to leave the suction cup stand on the wall too long, because it will lose suction and fall. It happened to me when I heard a crashing noise from my bathroom at 3AM a few days after I installed it. Good luck with it...
The product is good, but this was supposed to be a pack of two. Instead I received one.
I was looking for something to hold my hear back while putting masks on and washing my face. I was a little worried when there was a 6-pack for $8 but decided to go for it. They are thin, cheap and not really what I was looking for. I have a small head and found them tight after a very short period of time. Better used for halloween or a little girl's bday party.
They look very much like the vintage barrettes, but the clip is so thin and flimsy. I doubt they'll last long. The colors are not great.
I loved it at first until it stopped working after a week or 2
I have grey/silver/black hair that I get professionally colored purple (my colorist has to bleach the roots to get the color to stay). But when the roots begin to grow out, they look awful. So I have been trying various ways to color or tint the roots around my face purple. This was one product I tried. I was disappointed. The purple rubs or flakes off VERY easily onto my face. It's also "crunchy", as others have said.
It's almost impossible to use this with any normal grip without hitting the change mode button. Moving that button to a reasonable location would have made this a five-star item. Sounds trivial perhaps, but it is a constant annoyance every time I use it. You'd think after 6 weeks you'd find a routine that gets around this issue but it is so poorly placed that it's impossible to avoid. My strong advice is to choose something else.
Did not look, feel or work as well as I had hoped it would. Missed return date - actually thought it couldn't be returned since I had used it. Ended up buying IT brand from Macy's.
They barely stayed on and when they did they didn't do anything for my acne.
Died after a couple uses. Used it on freckles. It does hurt, it does scar. Kind of works but not nearly as well as advertised. I'm really disappointed that it died so quickly.
Too much like a crayon, and not consistent in color when applying.
Not really a strong peel mask. Come of easy, was looking for something to really peel, pull and clean the pours
All of the reviews that I read were misleading. Although this is a nice product, using it does not result in shiny, soft hair. It made my hair feel kind of greasy and like I need to wash it daily. It did, however, help with buildup, so I will use it periodically. Certainly not good for everyday use in my opinion.
The machine look very good and fancy but in daily use she didn't to what she need to.
The consistency is like Vaseline. It was described as a cream but it is not something you could use on your hands or face.
Product is ok but the shampoo bottle arrived without a cover. Not really useful without its top so will have to spend extra money to go buy a squeeze bottle to put it in.
This is HAIR SPRAY. Not spray for hair like I thought. I just wanted something to spray on my kids hair to keep lice at bay. But this makes it sticky and crunchy. If you want hair spray, it's great.
It does not work well
Although order and payment were very organized with this purchase, the product didn't perform well. I gave it an earnest 30 minutes, and I still couldn't get them on : (
Have yet to see the benefits. The cream applies thickly and feels heavy on my skin, despite using little. It does maintain moisture throughout the night and into the morning. The smell is also cloyingly fake and flowery, and I find myself reluctant to use it.
Underwhelmed. The ends look fried, even my mom mentioned it. Also at the crown of the head the hair is thin. I'd return it if i hadnt cut the lace nd colored it.
Smells like strong chemicals
Does not peel off well. I usually have to wash it off. It's okay.
I purchased this for the convenience of having a flosser and toothbrush. It's very difficult getting the flosser connected to the water. The toothbrush works good but have not been able to use the flosser. I will be purchasing something else. This item is not good for me.
This product makes your hair appear thicker but the drain catcher is full of hair each time you use this treatment.
Worked great for a couple weeks then it sat in my car when it was 80° and it turned to water. Let it sit inside and never returned to original state and is now a glob of mush. Bought 1 oz jar.
I saw good reviews on this and I saw a youtube person highly recommend this so I thought I would try it. I didnt use a self tanning hand mit I just used my hands however when you first open it, the liquid is so watery its hard to even apply it because it is so runny. I did it in circular motions - it takes about 12 hours to set it. It smells like self tanning lotion it stinks 2 days then the smell goes away. However when I applied it, after it set it, I had so many blotchy spots and my feet looked horrible. The tanning lotion is so runny it actually put a runny stain on the bottom of my foot. I scrubbed it to try to get it off and it wont come off at all, it just has to wear off. At least I applied it in the winter. If I applied this in the summer I would not go out of my house for a week until it all came off. I am going to try to reapply with a mit and see what happens. It does give you a nice tan, not orange at all. And if applied right it would look good but its so runny not sure if it can be applied right. I did wash my hands a few times after applying the tanning lotion and I did not have any residual orange on my hands.
Not very comfortable and eventually my face was starting to hurt around the areas with no padding
Worked great for 2 months - ultimately broke...piece of Chinese junk.
I was so excited to get these bath bombs. They are very cute and packaged nicely but they have no scent. They only one that had a scent was Victorian rose. All the others smelled like nothing when I unwrapped them or when they were dissolving in the tub. They did nothing by way of moisturizing my skin either. I was very disappointed and would not purchase this brand again.
These were really hard to fan took me forever to complete a hybrid set I wish I could return them cause I'll never use them again
I love this kind of container, but these are made with cheap zippers with tiny pulls that dont want to behave when zipping around the corners. I've learned to really hate these bags.
This is NOT a brush for a sensative scalp. The bristles are not soft.
The pump was missing!
Not all that stoked on it.
These were nice while they lasted but tore quickly. They are poor quality.
Was too heavy for my wall
Great mirror but the suction does not last long. Falls down every couple of days.
Smells leaving very quickly
I am giving 2 start because after 2 use I do see a slight difference in my skin texture; however, after only 2 used, for the price it barely had any product in it.
I received mine in a bad condition and the perfume was spilled inside the box! The bottle is not broken but the top cover was loose and disjointed! The perfume smells really great but I'm glad this was ordered for me and not a gift otherwise it would be embarrassing to gift something in such a bad condition!
Not clear to me what this product is supposed to do. I thought it was hair setting lotion. Something to spray on my hair before I use the hot roller brush to help set and maintain my hair's curl and body. Turns out, that can't be what it is for because it made my hair so heavy and so sticky that I had to wash it out immediately before I could leave the house. It made my hair look dirty and just awful. They should re purpose the item. Make it perhaps a treatment product that you put on, let your hair sit in it for a while and then wash it out. There's no way this should be actually left in your hair.
Got my hair clean, didn't help with dandruff.
Product was opened and used when it arrived....:/
I liked the color. I did not like the fit, too floppy in the back of head, the cut was off, and sparse enough to see the cap, esp. if a piece of hair moves a little bit.
The product works but I recieved it with the lid broken and 1/4 of the product gone, I am guessing it spilled somehow.
Great bamboo wood handle with rope loop to hang in bath. Head of brush is round not oval, not removable and bristles are rougher than I'd hoped for.
these are really thick and bulky and they don't hold hair very easily plus they're hard to use. Get the lighter weight ones. Even for thick hair, these don't work super well
This is not my first Phillips Norelco hair clipper. It is my second. The first one still works and I keep it for the features the second one does not have. Like a smaller clipper head for trimming around the sideburns. (But, hey, you can purchase a second clipper to do the job that the original clipper used to do...) The reason I purchased this second clipper was because the first clipper comb attachment tabs broke off, rendering the device usable but severely compromised. This second clipper - albeit lighter in weight - still suffers from the same design 'flaw' - (read: planned obsolescence) that the first one had and from which this second one will, no doubt, suffer. The problem is that the comb is very difficult to remove for cleaning and to reinstall for normal use. The plastic tabs (the ones that broke in the original clipper) are ridiculously difficult to work with. You're never quite sure they're in or out or how to hold/squeeze the dam thing to get them in or out. I do not want to manhandle this thing, but I am almost forced to by this ridiculous (but, obviously profitable) design. The sad truth is there's nothing on the market that I am aware of that will do the 180 deg pivot like this thing does, and so we're stuck having to buy this thing again and again and again... On the plus side, when it works it works well. But the piece-parts will keep breaking and Phillips Norelco will keep on selling the same old crappy design as long as the money keeps rolling in. Hey Phillips: stop selling this crap and fix your design!!!
I wanted to LOVE this stuff because the customer service was really nice. But I wore it for about three days and caught a glance of my face in direct sunlight and it just looked...bad. There was barely any coverage, very orangy, and I broke out like crazy. I don't want to go through the hassle of returning it. I have combination skin (very oily T-zone and dry cheeks) and it kind of just sat on top of my face. I bought this because I wanted to try something a little higher quality, but I went back to my cheaper Maybelline Stay Matte foundation that I love, because if it ain't broke don't fix it!
Likes: The thing that I liked from this water flosser is the price, but other than that I would say that it is an okay product. Dislikes: The tip of the water pick moves around too much when in-use, and makes it hard to focus on the back area of the teeth. Overall: I would not recommend this specific water pick to my friends, due to the difficulty in using this one in particular.
The perfume does not smell right
I ordered two of these and both were missing the microcrystalline head and had two large round heads instead. I am frustrated that I have to chase after this and search for different ways to contact this seller. I still want this product but this is ridiculous.
The razor came quickly. My husband did not care for the blades on the razor as they didn't cut smoothly. When I contacted the company they were great about understanding and gave us a full refund for the product. Wonderful customer service.
the bottle arrived with the lid cracked across the top, not thinking it would affect the product I didn't say anything it is starting to dry out a little now. I got this because I had my hair professionally bleached and it just felt it was dry, I was hoping this would be my saving grace, its okay, I ended up getting a few other products to work in conjunction with it because I am not a fan of the smell.
Only had this for 4 months, I've used it about 5 times. I tried to use it again and the light will not come on at all. I was thinking of getting another one anyway that actually fits my thumb under it too.
I received the product today but the top of the container did not work so I could not press it and I had to open it with a twist of the lid. I'm disappointed.
I was so excited to try this but the package came soaked with soap and the pump is completely broken! SO SAD!
made me break out really bad. A dermatologist told me to stop using
Seems to be angled and messy
Don't know why this has such great reviews. It comes off easily, but leaves black under your eyes after you wash.
This is nothing like the leave in conditioner. These products are awful. They did nothing for my hair but make it greasy not did it smell good. Wouldn't recommend it.
Didn't like it, the shampoo cape not soft material, have to find a different one better, more softer.
We bought this for our 12 year old because flossing with braces is a huge pain. This handy gadget works great for that but 2.5 months later a seal somewhere on the botttom has failed and the water container leaks all over. I didn't expect it to last forever but 2.5 months?
The shade is just awful. That is why this lip stain is inexpensive. I threw it away after three uses.
The zipper on this bag broke immediately, but the bottles were ok. Too expensive for quality received
I really wanted to like this product. Especially with the price. But my hair does not like it. My hair feels coated in wax. I tried using less and it just is not working for my 3C curls.
Just looked black. The hairdresser even said that blue/black is almost impossible to accomplish.
fails to hold charge at 6 months, lousy shave performance
Didn't work as well as I expected.
Recieved the product. Shipped with no seal however. Clearly had to have been opened.
I like the fragrance but one of the bottles was leaker when I got it. That sucks for the money I paid.
Tooth brush works better. Poor quality
Fake ! No real ! This is no good !
I bought these to use in a special toning machine at my gym. These work fine if you plan on keeping your eyes shut, but if you need to read anything, like the controls on the machine (kind of important), you are out of luck. So for me they are a bit of a safety issue. Everything is distorted and blurry. I think they are sturdy enough, you may end up replacing the elastic band which is not a big deal.
Not as good as other tea tree shampoos. Tried to save some money but wasn't really worth it in my opinion.
Waste of money! Product does zip! It's also very watery so don't waste your money.
It works and has a medium aggressiveness. Also it's definitely a lighter razor. The part that feels cheap is the plastic casing over the handle. While it doesn't wiggle while shaving, it can wiggle if I want it to to (which I don't). With all the other options on Amazon with complete metal construction I'd look elsewhere.
The best smell ever. But Bath and Body Works sells these yr round now. Waste of money on Amazon.
It did not do much to me, I kept it but I went back using Lancôme Mascara which is still the best!!
It does remove color from brushes, however it does not clean them and is immediately dirty. It was a waste for me. I will go back to another cleaner or use soap and water.
I just received the pack but unfortunately, the pre hon leaked making the whole packaging oily and messy. Half of the product (pre hon) is already wasted. I would return the product but I want to try it first. Will update on how the product worked for me.
Our family loves this product. HOWEVER, this is the second delivery in three days of this conditioning spray. The first bottle leaked all over inside of the shipping box. I could smell the spray before the box was even opened. I received the second delivery today. The bottle was completely bubble wrapped and the lid was taped on. But, the bottle still leaked within the bubble wrap because the lid wasn't tightened. I will be in search of another supplier for my next order.
I get a lot of compliments when i wear these.
Have not used yet, but plan to soon
It holds edges well, but it will cause your hair to turn white with repeated use. You would have to wipe the product out of your hair before you use it again. But even sometimes when I did that my hair still turned white.
Love the lipstick, but didn't appreciate that it was mailed in a padded envelope and left in my metal mailbox for several hours, where it melted in heat over 100 degrees! This is Phoenix in the summer! Lipstick does not fare well in the heat! It is flattened on one side, and when I use it, feels like it will break of at the base.
Feels very unnatural. Definitely look for a sea salt spray before a foam spray you'll thank me later!
Totally different color from many previous purchases at salons & I question if this is the real product.
made my wrinkles worst.
Meh. I bought this after using another tea tree and mint oil product that gave me the refreshing feeling that you expect from hair products with mint. This one didn't have that and I'm disappointed. Without that mint aspect, it's just a regular shampoo by this company
This stuff cracks everywhere! Not worth the money.
I have 8 ½ - 9 size feet. These don't stay on. A waster of money...
I saw no results , waste of money
These shares went dull very very quick they are okay quality but they're not the best quality they do not last long at all they only could do about three to four haircuts at the most
My hair got dry from it and I do not think the color lasted very long.
I am 5'6”, 145 pounds and in reasonably good shape. I ordered the largest size. I Didn't expect that I wouldn't be able to get the thing past my forearm.
The perfume smells like it is watered down. I have been buying Chanel No 5 since the early 1960s and this is the first time I received a bad batch. The smell only last less than 2 hours.
I followed instructions and yet did not last
I used it for my first tattoo and I was not impressed, ended up buying a bottle of Dial Gold soap and used that instead. In my opinion, not worth the price.
Doesn't do much for face.
Incredibly cheap plastic, couldn't even withstand being clicked together without snapping. Thankfully still stands upright until I can order a different one.
I have no idea if this product works because I couldn't get past the horrible smell! This is the first product I've ever returned to amazon. I don't recommend at all.
Feels pleasant and leaves skin soft, but no visible lifting. Not worth the cost.
Product shipping was quick and as expected. Colors are gorgeous but unfortunately pallet shadows arrived damaged, flaking all over inside of pallet....not sure if the shallows were damaged or used. Refund issued.
Gave two to daughter as Christmas gift. She put one together and used it for 2 weeks and it falls apart when she moves it. Unfortunately I'm 2 days outside the window of return date and now I can't return the 2 I bought. At $25 dollar each that's really unfortunate. Should have stuck with a prime provider so I could return.
Mad my hair thicker, but still very freeze
Got my package today and upon opening it I decided to test the light and it didn't turn on. Took out the batteries and bought additional ones and still didn't work. Really wished I could've tested the product to give a better review but unfortunately I can't.
Nice smelling to it. Not sure if it really works for me but its not good if you have oily skin, instead it gives me pimples. The price is too high.
I had lost a higher quality set of Bluetooth headphones so I bought this inexpensive pair thinking it wouldn't be a huge deal if I lost them and the connect wire would help keep them together. They did the job but about 5 months into using them the left bus stopped working. Sound quality was subpar but as others mentioned you get why you pay for!
Either product evaporated or was already used, bottle only had enough product for one application. When bought in store same size bottle lasted for several weeks.
Well I wish I could give more Of an informational r Review I let amazon know about broken glass in my package. NOTHING EVER was done for me to r Rectify. My issue.
I love the idea of this comb and I have another I really love, but the teeth on this one are too thick to properly comb my hair. I have very fine very long hair
Doesn't smell like real heat but it has a nice scent .
Slings water and toothpaste everywhere. No way to adjust to a lower speed.
This product dries strongly the skin. The sensation as from cheap soap.
This was great—-until it wasn't. Just died one day and there is no way to fix it.
I love it! Better then my expectations! Found it a little difficult in the beginning but found of was putting too much on! Would recommend d to anyone
I'll start out by saying I get pedicures every other week, but I can never rid myself of the rough heal. I bought this hoping to finally refresh my feet back to my baby feet days. I give the product 2 stars because yes, my feet did peel, but places I didn't need. The top of my toes? And the arch of my foot? Nothing on the two points that receive most pressure when walking standing; heels and balls of feet. It was a waste for me. My husband used the other pair and had the same results. Wouldn't purchase again.
Did nothing for me tried for a month. Too expensive to do again!
Not really impressed with this product, The Tan pair feels like your walking on a hill very uncomfortable. The Black pair has no pressure not sure what it supposed to be doing
I really like the bottles but each box I got had 1 roller top missing. I purchased 3 and all 3 was missing one. So I only got 23 bottles rather than 24 which is what was advertised!!
It's a nice lotion, but the fragrance isn't pleasing.
I have been using this product for almost 2 months now and I haven't seen any improvements that other reviewers here brag about. The only thing that I like about this soap is that it has a great earthy smell, but there are NO BENEFITS WHERE ACNE IS CONCERNED.
Hi, I actually want to return mine:/ it's drying my skin out, maybe the alcohol in it.
I am so disappointed !!! I though it was going to be like a nice ari pony tale but it look and feels cheap. If you know quality hair you know and this is not it!
Very small fan size. Won't last long for professional office. Maybe home use they would be fine.
They are OK but fit too tight on my head.
Very fast shipping but not very sharp. Mostly just scratched my face - didn't remove most of the hair.
They don't hold their curl
I just received this today had to get it from a locker and was disappointed when I noticed the cocoa butter disc had melted together. First thing I'm thinking is I don't know why this wasn't hand delivered to me and why was it put in a hot parcel locker. Secondly do I even use it like this or should I return it since the product didn't come as promised
Received the product today unfortunately it was damaged
Bristles are too stiff.
I am a bit more than a little peeved that I only received 2/3 of a bottle. As expensive as this stuff is, and as small as the bottle is, I expect it to be full, I will most likely be returning it. I feel very ripped off
It's was good while it lasted, bought it in January and by May the lights did not work anymore.
I knew when ordering that this was just the brush and not the comb and brush set. When this arrived it says brush AND COMB set on the package. I am disappointed because it appears from the packaging that the comb was left out. The packaging should have said brush as pictured. Just doesn't look very good for the company.
Flaked with a little amount used
Just doesn't work for me at all. As soon as I start sweating even a little it stinks. Almost like it makes odor worse an you're stuck with gel all over your shirt and hands
WOW brand is better.
I was expecting a body wash that had a pleasing fragrance but instead it has mostly a menthol like smell. Also, I have to use a lot of the product just to produce enough lather to wash with.
It's a great idea but the product is not great.
I used this product nightly for a few weeks and it's really no different than any other moisturizing cream.
Fell apart after a week
I ordered what was pictured, I got a cheap pink plastic kit that's absolutely ugly, it doesn't state anywhere that there is the possibility of getting a different design otherwise I wouldn't have ordered it, the tools work for now but I won't be ordering again. Buyer beware! No refunds or exchanges even on unopened product.
Not a daily wig!!! Way to thick and heavy. It was great for a laugh at least. Thank God I didn't spend much on it.
Called seller to request instructions for disinfecting prior to first use. Seller advised that I had to purchase special tablets from them at additional cost for this purpose. This extra cost was not disclosed in product description. I find this misleading. Item returned to Amazon for refund.
Package came broken. I liked the product but cannot get an answer back from the supplier.
I was very disappointed with this product. It barely trimmed the hair. I don't know why I didn't return it in time.
I love getting a manicure but don't like spending a ton of money - I mean, they are nails and cuticles and they are going to grow quickly (or break quickly). I was looking for something to help my cuticles look better and make my nails look nicer. It is easy to use and doesn't smell too bad but I found it didn't really work - I still had to use a cuticle cutter or scissors to actually remove the skin. I feel like this was a waste of money on my part.
This product never arrived at my friends house. So she went with another style of jewels for her look.
Brighter than the pics and the quality is very cheap
This isn't really that good of a product... Applying it is amount because if your teeth touch your lips, you look like you drank fruit punch and it seems into your mouth. It's okay as far as smell and it does tint somewhat but I'm not impressed. I have much better colors, and makeup, than this.
You get what you pay for. Cheaply made and they don't stay in your hair.
Cheap wigs that no one would buy in person at the store. Product sent to customer did not match picture or descriptions.
Doesn't really deranged my long hair like I expected.
Not really impressed. The scent is very light. I like strong ones better.
Does not cover pores. Creases badly around eyes and eyelids. Not for oily skin as it tends to separate and become patchy throughout the day even if you use powder. Does apply nice a little goes a long way and it really does brighten the skin leaving a slight dewy finish.
sent it back, too loud and bought one at Sally's that is a Whisper Lite or something like that. Considerably quieter
Using these as a makeup remover, I found that towelette stings my eyes and I have to rinse my face repeatedly to remove the towelette's residue.
Doesn't look realistic in person. Looks fine if worn with a beanie or baseball cap. Extremely itchy.
horrible. i basically payed $30 for a box and some glue. the pads didn't adhere, the glue sucked, and nothing in general worked. i thought it had been my lack of experience, but i tried multiple times following the instructions word by word and nothing happened except for watering eyes.
I gave a low review because my oils were damaged. The smell of the hot chocolate was really strong. But the one that had a little in it i used but the scent isn't real strong... Customer service was great they refunded me and i reordered. So I'll rate again once i get that and everything is ok.
Smells very strongly of stale perfume. The smell would linger for days. Had to throw away.
Giving this away. For some reason my hair always ends up in knots that I end up having to tear out. I have fine medium short hair. I can't afford to lose any more of it.
I did not like this product as well as Oil of Olay 7X, I believe works much better. Regenerist, seems to burn my skin too much!
The warning label is a bit sketchy
This just doesn't get warm enough to create any waves within a reasonable amount of time. Tried to use it once, but had to switch to a different iron that heated up enough to finish my hair that day.
I ordered this soap for my sons to use for acne on their backs. While it was effective at clearing up the blemishes, I had them stop using it because it was ruining their towels, sheets, and T-shirts. Over time the sulfur smell got in the fabrics and got so bad that it started making their other clothes smell. It seems like the heat of the dryer activated the smell and it was terrible.
Not exactly what I was looking for.
This made my teen granddaughters face break out and turn red. Not a fan.
It is not smooth and pills up on my face.
It would be great if it was 6" wide but it's only three inches and with the frame even less area to look at. This makes it very difficult to see anything unless you're looking straight on into the mirror. For instance, if you're trying to look at something on the side of your face, it's quite difficult to see. I don't have rotating owl eyes so this is a no for me. The lesson here: The higher the magnification the larger the surface area needs to be because the viewer has to be very close to erase the blur of such high magnification. I'll keep searching for a 6" or larger 20X magnification because that product will be a five star review!
This works but doesn't spray hard enough for me. So don't use.
Never received this item!
It looks pretty out of the box... that's about it. Tangles almost immediately. I tried brushing it out but left it frizzy. When I went to wash it, all of the dye came out. It is not a great product. You get what you pay for. $50 lace front gets you $50 results. I'm nervous to straighten it or style it. I will use it for once and probably throw it away.
Not great. Wish the comb was finer. The teeth are so far apart that it doesn't actually comb the lashes out and catch all the tiny clumps and flakes. Will just stick to regular lash combs UPDATE - I've found an alternate use for this, since it was useless as a lash comb. It works great at combing dead/loose hairs out of my dog's fur where she licks herself a lot 🙄
This razor may be great for some people, but after two weeks of use in the barbershop, it still didn't feel right in my hand. Im just not a fan of the balance and weight of this razor.
I was finally able to use it for my travel brush. First week in, the button sinked in and i had to use my pinky every time to poke it on and off. Wasn't sure if water had made this defective but 3rd week in, the brush doesn't recharge anymore. Not sure why but I would like to be contacted by the company for a replacement.
I had to use it with stripes, I wasn't able to epilate with the sugaring technique
OK, so I know there are issues with natural deodorant but I had high hopes for this one. I'll admit I like the packaging but that's where it stops. With every new natural deodorant there's a smelly period before it starts working. That period never ended for me. Ever. For some unknown reason I kept using it, thinking that at some point it would kick in and actually work. It did not. I always smelled. I always sweat. I just hope I'm not *that* person in the office.
The rattles are my issue. They hardly make any sound unless you aggressively shake.
This does not work well with taking off acrylic and leaves a a odd color on white or colored acrylic when trying to smooth. I gave 2 stars because it works well around the cuticle area of th nail. Don't recommend.
I didn't get to try it yet but the pack of two came with one for troubled skin(what I wanted), and one for several dry skin which won't do anything good for me (I have oily, problematic skin). It's ridiculous that they sent the wrong product.
Its hard to connect to the phone even with the tri pod.
This is different than when previously bought. This time it has a perfume scent. It is suppose to be unscented. I gave away all the bottles that I bought to friends who don't have a problem with scent. Did they get the batch mixed up with the scented ones? I love the original unscented cream and soap. Soap is wonderful. No scent.
It wasn't what i expected
Color is unnatural and faded quickly
I liked that this came as a two pack. But I haven't had these very long and one has already stopped working. It shuts off after only being on for a few seconds. I cleaned it thinking maybe that would help. Nothing, very little steam comes out and then it stops. The other one is still working nicely. It's really a let down because I like the size and look of these. There are lots of colors that illuminate and when it works properly lots of mist comes out. Auto shut off is a nice feature too. The light that indicates that the unit is on is very bright, it bothers me a bit at night when trying to sleep. But that's more of a personal preference, some people like a 'night light', I'd prefer total darkness. Won't buy again though because I paid for two and only one works. :(
So far, it's ok. I do not know exactly how long I am supposed to use this product until I see any results, though I do realize results vary. Unlike other reviews that I've read, I like that the product is not a thicker oily consistency. I like that it is more liquid, that way you do not use as much at one time. I also like the tingling feeling I get once I've rubbed it in at it has sat for a minute or so. Other than that, it is not the "miracle" that so many have been claiming it to be...not for me anyway, but I will give it more time and not completely count it out just yet. I am not sure if I will purchase it again at this time. Update: I have given this product more time to work and it has not, as such, I am not happy with this purchase.
I did not like the way they smelled Not to say someone else will feel the same it's just my opinion
I've had it for a couple months, but it started to congeal and turn a light mauve.
Lasted 1 wash & made my hair like straw.
Arrived on time very fast. the only reason why I'm giving two stars the blades had rust on the edges.
This is my second one. The first one was great, nice color, smooth... But this one is broken, it won't come out when you turn it.
There was no brush included
I left the highlighting mixture on for as long as the instructions said to, but it left no visible highlights at all.
Soft and comfortable but rips easily when taken out of package and when putting on
Broke after first use in the shower.
While the colors are lovely, and they are easy to apply, these are definitely not smudge-proof nor waterproof. Since those latter characteristics are why I chose this particular brand over others w/equally vibrant colors, it's really frustrating that they don't live up to their advertising.
I bought these because a magazine review spoke very highly of them and said they don't leave a ponytail-holder line in your hair. It's true they don't, but I won't use them because every time I take them out, they pull and snag and hurt.
They start cracking hours later.
This product does leave a minty freshness, but it did not clean my retainer at all. I used toothpaste and a Sonicare toothbrush after soaking my retainer in this product and it still took a while to get them clean. I was looking for something similar to the few packets of Invisalign retainer cleaner I got with my retainers. This product is nowhere close. I did try one other crystals product that worked better than this one. I would not recommend this product.
I didn't receive the product it says delivered but I didn't get it and i dont know what to do or who to contact i just want my wig ...help and ive also waited a couple days just in case
dont use it much clips hurt and hair piece too thin not full enough
The last few purchases of the replacement blades for the bakblade 1.0 and 2.0 products seem to dull far quicker than the original blades. I'm looking for an alternative. The original product and blades were fantastic and its such a let down to see the new blades not lasting for more than 1 shave.
Very low power. Doesn't spin very fast at all. Even on the high setting. But, get what you pay for.
The color in the jar is not tiger lily orange, its sunshine yellow or something else. Left the product on for over an hour, still just a yellow tint on previous faded red hair. This is not a genuine product. Also arrived late, took 13 days.
This hair was great for 2 weeks, i washed it and it now looks like the butt of a baboon. I'm taking it out immediately.
I ordered this product this week because I love the scent. I arrived home to the box at the door, undamaged. Yet, I could smell the package from my driveway walking up. I opened the box and the soap was in good condition but the lotion bottle was shattered inside bubble wrap. I contacted and talk to an Amazon rep and she took care of everything and got a new one out to me withing 2 days. I just pulled the box off my porch. Same results. A box in great condition and the lotion completely shattered but packaged differently. Ugh
I didn't realize this was a high potency whitener! I could not keep it in the tray very long without it burning my gums! It was not good. I will order the lower % next time. I guess that's what I get for not getting the whitener from my dentist! :)
My original batteries lasted over a year with the same use & care. Now I know why these are so cheap.
It doesn't work that well for thinner hair types.
The product is pretty rough on the skin so beware it can scratch the face. I really liked how effective it cleansed....until the rotating bottom broke off. Now I cant even use it anymore so I had to throw it away.
I already know the color and love it. I decided to purchase it online because it is faster. Howerver it arrived like in the pic! Is this normal?
I have a couple products from Radha Beauty that are great. I really wanted to love this humidifier but the warm mist option simply doesn't work. It is also impossible to fill without making a bit of a mess reconnecting the tank to the basin. All of the other functions are great, especially the essential oil compartment. If you don't care about warm mist, this is fine. If you were hoping for a warm mist to help you out through a freezing New England winter like I am, maybe skip this one.
Wears down easily compared to other masks.
Although the price is good, and the scent is pleasant, it just doesn't compare to GB Healing lotion. It's not very thick, and the softness doesn't last. I'll most likely be giving this away.
Made my skin super dry and flake off even after rinsing oil off with face wash and applying multiple serums and moisturizers afterward (same products I've been using for months without any reactions). Flaking developed after a few hours. Eyelids turned bright red and burned like hell- thought I was allergic to my eyeshadow but realized it was this product that caused the reaction. Broke me out all over my lower face around where skin was flaking. Definitely wouldn't recommend for sensitive skin. Also takes more scrubbing to remove non-waterproof mascara than other cleansing oils I've used. Gets 2 stars for customer service as they send you a free bottle when you email the coupon code attached to bottle.
Not good missing hair all over I had to send back loved the color
Very pretty but doesn't last long. I purchased them in July and the gel after 4 months is not good anymore. It is very thick and makes it impossible to apply it on the nail. To bad because i liked it! Expensive for this quality!
The way this toothpaste messily spewed out of the tube, without turning the key, made it totally impractical. And while I'll admit that I bought it for being all-natural and plastic-free, I've used other brands fitting one requirement or the other that clean much better than this, usually for a lower price. Most of the other reviews on this are really good, however, so I may have received a dud.
Worked great for the first 6 months.Each time I charged it the charge would last less and less until it no longer would keep a charge. Needless to say im now on the search for a different brand.
Amazon box showed no damage, the box containing the lamp was damaged. Big slice of salt had broken off, base was partially unscrewed.
Tested on mole on leg and took about 2 weeks for scab to come off.
I'm a natural beige skin type. I bought this thinking it would match my skin. Turns out it's darker than what I chose. If buying this product, chose a lighter color
Not comfortable to sleep on.
Doesn't work for me.
I order this pallet on January 22 and just got today and when I open it up the mirror was cracked! Like seriously if your going to ship things that are going to be over seas, y'all need to package it better. Also you don't give any tracking information that works.
It was a little tricky to put together because you had to push the pieces together and make sure the little clip on the end is inserted. But I like the item, I will be using it for my art supplies and with the wheels it makes it easier to move it near me and then put it against the wall for storage. UPDATE: After using this for a while the drawers fall off the tracks and then fall down resulting in the drawers under that to fall as well. I don't know how much weight each drawer is supposed to hold but it isn't very much. I use them to store my art supplies, tubes of paint. I try not to put to many in there but with the amount that I can put in to actually not have the drawers fall off the track it almost makes it useless for my storage needs. I realize it is for salon purposes but they do have heavier items as well they need stored. So that is why I am giving it a lower rating then when I first got the item. I will just have to get MORE storage to be able to store the rest of my tubes of paint in.
I used to LOVE these wipes and used them exclusively for years. They worked well and didn't dry out my skin or burn my eyes like other brands, but Garnier recently switched to a new formula that is drying and burns my eyes. Not worth it. Will not buy again and will have to find a new brand.
So this is my first time purchasing chamomile and I was happy that it was blue did not get any type of a floral scent whatsoever it smells a bit musty and kind of like tomato soup in a can.Not sure if I should try mixing it in rollers or soaps I'm sure I can mask the smell
I bought this for my husband as a gift and it does not have very strong power. It does the job it just takes a little bit longer
does not fit my face that well
I can't tell if this made my hair worse or not but it definitely didn't get better.
I had tried this shampoo while visiting my cousin, I remember how amazing it left my hair. I only had to use a quarter size of conditioner on my long hair and it left it soft and untangled. So this is why I decided to purchase, but ... I've used the shampoo and conditioner twice and I don't feel the same results. I don't think these are the real thing. For the conditioner I need to use a handful to untangle my hair and at the end my hair doesn't not feel soft.
Could smell the peppermint oil before I even opened box. It was leaking. Will contact seller to see if they will resolve this
I used this multiple times & saw little difference. I even had a friend in the beauty industry help me to make sure I was doing it properly & it still didn't make a difference.
This towel is way too thin and small. It definitely helps to minimize frizz, but it barely fits over all my hair and it's so thin that it gets soaked almost immediately, making it difficult to actually dry my hair. This product may work well for thin hair, but not for thick hair. Will not buy again.
Not too impressed with these. They're hard to close and will catch your hair..
The scents weren't that great. They were either bad or not strong enough. I felt like there was also a slight chemical smell to two of them, which is odd because they're supposed to be natural.
works only with short whiskers; tends to irritate the skin
Not awful smelling and with a slight similarity but not the same scent at all. Money wasted.
The case is very nice and shiny .Tools are good to go , except one . When I turn cuticle clipper, flipper to turn to stay , it doesn't stay. It slides right out. I was thinking to put a bigger stop on the tip, like a tiny piece of rubber, or crazy glue and let it dry? It's a bummer because the one I wanted to work, doesn't , not at all. Looking at these cuticle clippers closer, they were put together wrong so I can't use them at all, That was my main reason I bought this package was for the cuticle clippers to work. I'm sad.
It's not bad , but I will buy another moisturizer in the future.
I was really excited to try this body wash. Upon using it for the first time, I really enjoyed the smell and felt like it washed my skin well. Unfortunately, I had a delayed allergic reaction to this body wash and started noticing bumps along my arms. I thought it was a heat rash so I took a really cold bath and used the body wash not even thinking that it could be the culprit. Sure enough once I dried myself off my skin started burning and I began to get hives! Long story short, ended up having to go to urgent care and now I'm on meds. Nurse said more than likely my allergic reaction was due to the body wash. So PLEASE be careful. This is NOT for everyone.
I just received this today. I was excited to try it given my health problems lately I need a electric razor...however here's my yay or nay or this item and no I did not receive this at a discount for review . It charges very quick . It is not too loud but not quiet Vibration is Def there but not like a set of hair clippers It cuts long hair ok if you go over it a couple times to trim Does NOT cut all short hair for that smooth skin feeling. I will be returning it sadly .
I'd like to say anything about him except I never received them.
It was great for the three months it lasted. It died a couple of weeks ago. All my efforts to save it were in vain.
Did not work to clear dark spots. I will not purchase again.
While I like the product, it arrived with one of the 3 bottles open with about a quarter of the soap all over and bag ripped so that it got into the box.
This item is not polished and I would not feel comfortable using it for eyelash glue. It came slightly chipped on one side and scratched. I would suggest buying from somewhere else
I saw a gal use this on a hair video so I gave it a try. It tended to weigh my hair down and make it look unclean. It didn't make it appear full bodied at all.
I thought it would turn my black hair white white but it didn't
I have been using this deodorant for well over a year now, and really liked how effective it was, until the last bottle I ordered. I don't know if there was a change in formula, but within minutes of application, I developed serious burns under my arms. I had raised, itchy, red, painful welts that lasted for a week, which was totally new for this use. After reading other reviews, I saw others were having the same issue. Use caution with this product if you have any type of skin sensitivity at all.
I was really excited to try this out, thought it would be great for areas like my chin. Turned out to be disappointed..doesn't seem to grab diet from pores like biore strips appear to. I seem to get better results when cutting up those strips to fit areas like my chin vs this mask. The ease of use doesn't produce enough results for me to continue using
Don't know the purpose, have not seen any results from using this soap. Different folks different stroke.
Damaged... marked on. Writing can not come off
I've never had an issue with this vendor and have been ordering for years BUT this time the lotion came completely separated and unfortunately, mixing it by hand which is my only option did not work =(
This product made my eyes swell, so I stopped using it..
Maybe some people react differently than others to things like this but I used it for more then four weeks and I can't honestly say it really did anything except make my skin soft..
The product is out dated and smells like skunk.
Received the wrong product. Ordered lotion but got shampoo..even was labeled incorrectly.
Haven't received it yet
This was amazing at first but started to burn my fingers after the 10th or 11th use. Not sure if it was me or the product but had to stop using it.
They do the job but they are too small. Made for a very small head. If you have a big head like me don't waste your money.
Not what I was expecting but that's why the price is so low. The quality of the toothbrush was as well.
These tips are like the whole nail not just tips.
Took it out after two weeks sooooooo itchy beautiful but the itching was unbearable
Maybe it just doesn't work for my extremely damaged hair :(
I don't know if it's my skin type (normal/combination) or this oil, but every tiime I start using it, I break out. I've tested this multiple times over the last few months, each time resulting with me having clogged pores and pimples when my skin is usually not sensitive or prone to breakouts.
I could never get it to fit my eye correctly. One side was always to far from the lid no matter how I tried to get it to work. I cut one magnet off to make it shorter and it worked better, but still did not stay close to my lid and eventually came off. I could not answer the last two questions as I never kept it on long enough. I gave them as a gift to my daughters-in-law but do not know if they could work them either. Would not buy them again.
This looks like the henna I regularly order, but I wasn't pleased with the quality of the product. I left it on for over an hour, but the stain was weak. Some tubes were so clumpy that I had to cut them in order to use. Overall, not up to my expectations.
I ordered deep purple but that's not what color was in the bottle. I thought my hair would be deep purple BUT I got greenish blue hair instead. The product was very easy to use but I'm not happy that I ordered one color (purple) and got a miss labeled product instead.
Tank for water is way too small, water gets everywhere, not worth the price we paid. Rough on your teeth/gums even on the soft setting.
It discolored my fingers and shower.
Read the reviews, thinking “cool this is for me”. I was wrong, I prefer waterproof duo eyelash glue instead. It's sticky, however it doesn't stick all day. I attempted with cluster individuals and strip lashes, they've only lasted a few hours. The plus side is the applicator, that's all.
Very strong doesn't smell like Gardenias
Love the product but buying it from Amazon results in consistent damaged product. We ordered six bottles and it arrived with a box full of leaked out soap. Amazon shipped in box without any padding so they rolled around and leaked. The caps twist off a bit so soap pours out. Thank you to Amazon for replacing however all six replacements arrived with the same result. I suggest buying elsewhere.
Does not look nearly as full and nice in person.
I'm in love with everything Doctor Bronner but uhh. The pump is broken. Like literally doesn't work or whatever. The only good was was the shipping
Didnt like them gave them away eyelash band too thick
It's too rich and oily for me. I have dry skin but it feels greasy and doesn't absorb well.
I'm so disappointed. Yet again I've gotten a can that the sprayer becomes defective with half a bottle left still. This is the third time and I have to throw the bottle away. Such a waste. If anyone has any tips let me know. Otherwise I can't buy these anymore.
Difficult to use, the pump broke after only using a few times. I thought I could just push the straw part back in, but it doesn't fit. Very disappointing!
I like the brush, but the handle is a joke - and, of all the things, it's advertised as 'Long-handled.' Are these the same people who make maps and think that 150 miles is 'right around the corner?'
I LOVED the way these lashes looked. However, they would not stay on my eyes for some reason. They were all the way at the base of my lashes right against my lid, but they wouldn't stay on. I ended up losing a set when they fell off, so I'm pretty disappointed.
I really wanted to like this product. The size is perfect, the bag it comes in is adorable and very convenient when traveling as it has a heat proof lining. The product heats well, but the issue I had was that it doesn't seem to clamp solidly as either the curling iron or straightener. I have thin hair, so that might be the problem, but I have never had an issue with any other curling iron. So, if you have thin hair, I would recommend looking elsewhere.
The first pic is how I received the first one (broken during transit bc the top was in the box). Asked for a replacement and got the second pic (broken before put in a box bc I couldn't find the broken piece). Two stars bc it is a great product but spend the extra cash and get it from the store, save the frustration
This thing is wayyy too powerful for me. It felt like I was in a tornado. And like tornadoes do, it tangled my hair. Even on low it was just too much. And it's loud! Kinda like standing next to an airplane. On the plus side, it's really sleek looking, light enough for me, and the color was great. I just wish I hadn't thrown out the box.
Sadly, the wooden bristles on this were weirdly harsh. This ripped my hair out. Seller was courteous and allowed quick return, though. Alas,
The texture is a good slimy so it was more fun putting it on than anything. It burns initially putting it on (which doesnt last) but after use, maybe the next day or two, it seemed to make new acne appear which I dont enjoy. Overall, not seeing any improvement.
I was super excited to receive this product and even ordered a brush specifically for application. Upon my first use I read the directions very carefully. It applied very smoothly though it required a lot more mask than anticipated, It dried over about a 15 minute period. I started pulling off and was impressed in the pull of the mask. However upon complete removal it didn't do much. there was no blackhead residue or blocked pores as expected. It also left several black streaks on my face that were incredibly hard to remove. I will stick to the pore cleaning strips.
It just doesnt very long, and you have to put a lot more on than the packaging recommends
Didn't stretch well, so there were wrinkles and fell off within a couple days. Disappointing
I like this product BUT the seller sent me 2 conditioners instead of a conditioner and a shampoo and I have made several attempts to contact them but they have not responded. I am very disappointed with the customer service and the carelessness in packaging the wrong items.
I have recently become sensitive to chlorine by coming down with an itchy rash on my legs, stomach and back when i get out of the pool. It will last for 5 days which is horrible. I bought this along with another lotion to try. I put this one on after I go swimming and after showering which is right after I get out of the pool. The first two times I tried it, it worked. The 3rd time, I now have the rash. I will try again but I'm afraid it's not working.
Doesn't hold much, at all. Not worth the money.
Do not bother combing, separating, or styling because it sheds a lot. I was able to make a nice wig out of it but the hair itself is not described as good quality.
It works well enough as a soap. Consistency is good. I would probably give full stars except that I smell like I just washed my face with a can of Pledge furniture cleaner. It's a very strong, pungent scent and I'm really, really not a fan. I'll probably try a different scented one down the road but this one is a no go for me.
Tooo long 😣 they look really beautiful tho but that's more to do drag shows 😅
They are not as cute as the picture.
Didn't really work like advertised. I'm pretty sure results were heavily exaggerated. It also caused horrible tooth/gum pain, probably due to sensitivity. Wouldn't really recommend. Rather use strips if I'm going to still experience some pain, because those actually give decent results at least.
I did not see any difference in my skin
I didn't come with needles and and the power supply didn't work
The color is not as bright as my daughter wanted it.
I ordered this brush a while ago but only used it 2 or 3 times in the shower. It's a regular brush as any, nothing special about it. The brush was very rough on my skin, and it didn't seem like it was helping me. Don't get this product if you can't handle rough brushes or the uncomfortably sturdy bristles. If you wanna brush your skin the same way as you would a greasy pan, this product is right for you.
This works fine but you could just use soap and water and to the same thing.
Ordered the one for normal to dry skin and received the one for oily skin. It arrived safely with no damage. Hence the two stars.
This was $45 and didn't work at all I'm kinda mad
The bristles just vibrate as a whole so no real working around the teeth. Not worth it.
Very soft and holds a lot more water than my previous synthetic brush. 4 months down the line and it's shedding more and more, enough so I've stopped using. Cared for properly. Is this what you get with a Forty Dollar Shaving Brush W/ A Plastic Handle?
Jewels were not all there when I recieved.
This is what I got when it arrived. Looks like something is missing. Did anyone else have a package show up like this
Great fizz, and it was quite a large sized bomb. It also released bubbles which was awesome! Not a lot of bubbles, but some. Down sides, the fragrance was very overwhelming for me especially because it turned out to be a sort of bubble gum/cotton candy smell. I ended up tossing in another bath bomb I had that was rosemary scented to counter the thick sweetness. It also stained the tub and turned the bath water a muddy blue/gray - no pink anywhere. Still, it was a cheap add on, had higher hopes but glad I only bought one.
It's a good straighter for someone that doesn't have thick hair. It wasn't doing much for my hair it did straighten my hair but it took so long and alot of pulling. It wasn't has straight as I wanted it. I did like that it was light weight.
Good product, feels nice to use. Long time Goldwell user. I can't say the finish is as smooth and silky as I was looking for on my fine long hair. Is there a smoother finish Goldwell shampoo?
Doesnt grab stubble hair
I knew this would take some getting used to but instead of tasting more like mint, this just tastes like sweetener. The tablets do not foam up at all so it's like brushing your teeth with sugar water.
Disappointed with this product oil was dripping all over leaving me with half the bottle before I even used it. Also the pictures here are highly deceptive brush is so small it looks almost like a toy definitely not for someone with decently long beard.
Sooo I'm no stranger to cheap hair and itchy sew ins but this is ridiculous! I washed this hair before I installed it and it's been itching like crazy it's only been in for a few days and I'm about ready to take it down 🤷🏽‍♀️
I actually really like this product but I was sent m the wrong item...It even has the correct barcode sticker label but on the wrong product...
the dark brown wig caps are Not Dark brown ! not a 2 or a 4 shade of brown but a medium/light brown like a 6 kinda red-ish brown . completely disappointed not Dark Brown at all ! I would have been better off with the black :-( this really ticked me off .
When I first received the product it was damaged. The head had a slit in the throat and a dent in the head. It looked like something off of the First 48. It is not sturdy either. When I put the wig on it just falls over, which makes styling the wig hard. I just needed somewhere to put my wig, which is the only reason I am keeping it.
Many Mama's I know like this but I do not. If you have armpit hair please stay away it will feel like it's ripping them off completely. Also the smell on each one wasn't appealing like I had imagined. There is a much better brand I prefer
It's not as strong as it could be
Very strong obnoxious fragrance and pretty irritating to my skin. If you have sensitive skin, don't use this product. It will now only be used as a hand wash and to clean my makeup brushes. I don't find the lather sufficient and I also don't think it removes makeup very well. The fragrance reminds me of Bissel carpet cleaner solution.
Not impressed. It doesn't do what the video shows. I have had to scrape it off and apply several coats over and over to get polish off. Plus it's very thick and doesn't want to come out of the bottle
Bought this for my sister and I'm not sure if we got a defective one or what but she said it rubbed half her skin off. The bristles are VERY stiff and not flexible at all.
I got these essential oils to use with a small room diffuser. When they arrived I found that some of them had leaked during shipping and the box was coated in a combination of oils. The oils themselves are just fine, but sometimes I really have to work to get oil to come out.
Cuticle trimmer was dull, making it almost useless to use. It is also a little large and difficult to maneuver.
Looks good, but didn't last more than an hour 😏
Tried a million times to apply. Never worked right. Returning.
The blades pull as you shave and last only about half as long or less than previously purchased Hydro 5 blades.
Cool concept but I thought it would be more like an actual brush. Its more of a pointed brush. Its hard to explain. You have to hold your hair just like a normal straightener because the brush doesn't hit the root of your hair at all.
i didnt like it its not easy to apply..its look old i dont know.
It smears all over. It is so thick that it is hard to remove without destroying some other part of your makeup.
I've used many eyebrow products in my makeup journey and this was one of my least favorites. I purchased because a YouTube beauty blogger recommended it, but I just don't like it. I prefer to use a pencil to fill in my eyebrows, this product just creates an undefined mess. I ended up throwing it away.
Color looks off. Much brighter than pic
Didn't like this brush as I did not have a grip on the handle so I could not control the styling of my hair. I returned it unfortunately.
I'm sure the product is fine but the lid is damaged And doesn't seal tightly- will the product dry out?
Cheaply made. Didn't heat up to 450. I sent back
I got the brown and it had a red tint to it. Didn't like the color. Stays on, I used eye makeup remover and washed my hand and it's still on (hand pics before and after washing). Also did a line above my brow to reference color.
The comb is great, the pouch however is literally disintegrating after a few months.
Tried the dark blue and it went on very unevenly and was very uncooperative in trying to smooth it out. Gold color was better; a little more like butter that would spread. I'm afraid the other colors will also be uneven and smudgy, too.
While it works, this trimmer is excellent however; after a few months of use the small plastic "legs" that hold the razor in the vacuum cylinder will break. This 100% will happen. I had one break, sent it back under warranty, received a new piece, used it for a few months and then that one also broke. Now the piece I need is on back-order and I've decided to just buy a new razor. I can't keep submitting warranty claims every 3-4 months for a product which was clearly designed poorly (why would you make such a critical piece out of flimsy plastic)? Also, the vacuum filter gets clogged fast and requires diligent cleaning each time after a while. I could over look that issue if the plastic razor pieces didn't break so often. I really wanted to like this (because of the vacuum function) but ultimately the design flaws spoil what would be an otherwise excellent product.
The hair is really hard and it itches when it touches your neck and back. The only saving grace is that the color is nice.
Just another fad. Doesn't smell very good...and didn't feel it helped my muscles relax or cellulite lessen.
Cheap construction not for professionals use. I got it for a client I see 2x a month. This table it's not to use with heavy clients very poorly constructed it. Missing parts also the front arm rest had nothing to hold it into the table.
Just received this, I won't be buying this again. The shampoo feels like dish soap on my hair. It is very rough and leaves my hair frizzy.
Just got this, it's soooo small. Would be great traveling size, but for the money, get the 100mg. Size. I got this by mistake. It cost the SAME AS THE LARGER ONE, but less product
I've read that these do a great job of making pimples go away fast, but it doesn't seem to be doing the trick for me. The day these arrived I noticed a new zit and was excited to try them out. Three days and 6 or 7 patches later and my zit is still there and still highly noticeable. I gave it 2 stars because at least these keep me from poking at the zit all the time and they're comfortable (I even forgot it was on a few times!) and reasonably discreet. These are the only hydrocolloid bandages I've tried, so I don't know if some other brand would work better.
Dont impulse buy this thing. Yes it's cheap, but for the obvious reason - it doesn't work well. Just save a little longer and buy a good quality one, you'll be so much happier. I did buy this, and while it does barely work, there is still a lot of dust and this becomes incredibly problematic when you begin to work with fiberglass extensions.
Too expensive for 5 samples, that you can get for free at the mall.
Maybe Marula oil just isn't for me but this did not absorb well and made me break out. I regularly use jojoba oil & it absorbs fine. This just stayed on my skin, and I have combo aging skin that is dry & slightly oily. Not for me. First marula I've tried & would not buy again.
This product does not have the same ingredients as the 20 oz I usually buy and it doesn't have the same consistency (a lot more creamy than usual) and is less effective. What's up with that? Manufacturing location is also different.
you get what you pay for - as a cheaper alternative to Wen, it doesn't come close. Back to Wen for this girl.
My feet feel the same 😒
Have not used many but have used better. For the price I was very disappointed
I always buy Tigi products off of amazon and have never been disappointed, but this is most definitely watered down. Smells the same, but super watery.
I did not not like it as much as another I had. In addition, there were parts missing, which is probably the reason why the product did not perform as well as expected. When I called Amazon about the missing parts I was told to return the unit, which I did.
Broke after three times
Needed this for science project but it isn't strong enough for the reaction desired.
Veet also doesn't smell as bad
I absolutely love that this is biodegradable! This is my first product I've tried switching from plastic. I'm not sure if it's because the bristles are too soft or it's the bamboo toothbrush in general, but it does feel weird and like it doesn't clean my teeth enough. And I noticed that the bamboo rubbing against the outer corners of my mouth make it almost bleed a little. So when I brush I try not to let it touch my lips!
Does it do anything???
I thought the floss quality will be good but it did not stood my expectation. The floss thread is not well designed and it has some slag in it.
Nice looking razor that comes with useless instructions.I can't tell if this thing is charged or not. When I got it and plugged it in, the plug symbol was red and there was a blue flashing battery. Flashing on other devices that I have means charging as does red. Usually something red will turn to green or the battery icon will stop flashing and be steady or the battery light will go off when charged, but this thing did none of that. Over 90 minutes later and the battery was still flashing. There is nothing in the barely legible instruction paper about what means charged. I left it plugged in overnight and it was still flashing in the morning so I tried it out. It worked okay but is pretty weak in my view. After use, I plugged it in and the battery light did not come on at all, just the red light. Charged? Not charged? Charging? Who knows. About a minute late later, the battery started flashing on and off again. People who make these items need to get their act together and use standard methods of information to display. As I said above, most things go from red to green when charged. Easy peasy. Or, they flash when charging and go solid when charged. This thing stays red apparently all the time and maybe or maybe not flashes when charged. I still don't know. In any case, after the overnight charge and use, when I turned it on, it was very quiet and totally lacked any sort of power. If the battery is fully charged and the power that I got is the max this thing can do, I'd pass on it and buy something better.
It didnt work as planned
I researched alot of these items and thought this one would do the trick.. it doesn't work
Used this for a month and saw no improvement of my cracked heals.
First one I went to use was broke as soon as I picked it up it just fell apart. I am scared to use the second bc I don't want that one to break as well.
I got the Lemon Verbena and it isn't an unpleasant smell but reminds me of Lemon Pledge furniture polish. I can see spraying it around the house to make it smell lemony and clean but I don't particularly want to spray it on myself and go around smelling like furniture polish.
I've had it since February, been using it at least once a week. I don't really think it works.. I see no difference.
I put each foot in with lots of soap and didn't keep them in long. Later in the shower they started to sting and had red scratches. See photo.
Had this trimmer for 6 months and just stopped working. Worked great while it would turn on. I used it max twice a week. I wouldn't recommend the product.
When received it was poorly packaged and due to that some of the boars were bent. I thought I could still use and didn't try to return until it was too late. Next time I won't delay my return process.
Don't really like the fragrance of this particular one.
I love the color and the idea of these loofahs, but they are rough and do not spread out like shown in the picture. They stay more bundled up and linear making it more difficult to lather. I purchased in an effort to reduce our consumption of plastic, but I wouldn't recommend.
These smell strongly of spray paint and chemicals
They dull after 2nd use. They also over heat very quickly which was dangerous bc it burned my scalp....
Says you can freeze it but if you do, the plastic fronting will crack and the beads will fall out.
This mask smells good and feel nice on lips but nothing change..Just waste of money..
this is pressed way to hard.. I literally had to push in with the end of my make brush to break up the compressed pigments.
The cream has a nice light scent. It isn't particularly moisturizing but it isn't greasy either. No problems with sensitivity and I have uber-sensitive skin. However, it just did not help with the eczema on and around my ears. It didn't hurt anything, there just wasn't any change whatsoever. And since it isn't very moisturizing, it won't be used at all.
Dont make them like they use to...did not work as good as older models of hot picks. Temperature did not get very hot; luke warm at best.
Hubs said it smells like a urinal cake.
Shreds like crazy. But its okay for what I'm doing
Way too sticky and felt like glue. Did define my curl, but felt awful.
Purchased multiple sets, screen easily cracks.
Well I had high hopes for this product but it just didn't work for me. Perhaps I have a strange mouth shape, but I could not maintain suction well enough for these to work. Make your own judgment and try them yourself as everyone is different and they may work for you.
I was hoping for something that would stay on better. It's fine for the price, but not amazing. I needed something that would stay on under my cpap straps, and this is not it. It would probably work great with nothing else on your head and if you are a peaceful sleeper!
This product is straight sunscreen. I goes on white, and eventually blends in kind-of, but still leaves you looking a bit ghostly. I bought this because I wanted a daily face cream with spf. This is not it. This stuff is gross. It's probably great for a day at the beach, but it's a bit much for everyday use.
it broke after the second time wearing it
I'm not seeing a difference after a couple month use.
Bought this to replace the Perfect Blowout Cream - along with Alterna Caviar Anti-aging Smoothing Hydra Gelee. Neither one nor both are as good. I have a lot of very fine-light-weight wavy strands and these two products can not keep the frizz out nor does it stop the curls from coming back. The Perfect Blowout Cream was the best and I'm back to the drawing board.
Too small to carry several make-up cosmetics in.
I really did not like the product It leaves my hair fluffy and dry
Too light, and it does not cover dark circles
My daughter has to hold the button down while brushing her teeth because it won't stay without her doing it. Disappointed for sure.
It's a great concept and almost works. The lashes though are theatrical and they do not taper properly so they look awkward and unnatural. Otherwise, this might have worked.
it was supposed to come with 8 250ml bottles but i only got one...at least im getting a refund for it i guess...
I was expecting some results. I would say just a normal menthol shampoo. I've been using it for some weeks and no difference on my hair. to me it seems to be expensive for what it does (nothing). Wouldn't buy it anymore.
Smelled like it should but bottle cap/sprayer fell apart into 4 different pieces and I have to put it back together everytime my wife needs to use it. Pretty irritating.
I like the quality thus far and I find it to be the perfect size for every day wear. It is disappointing that it only comes with one of the most use colors. I would've liked to be able to customized my order just so I can have at least two of the whites, black, red, beige. I contacted the seller and was told I can't customize. Wished they were more flexible to customers as it would be great for their business.
Bristles will fall out every time you use the brush. It's annoying and can get messy.
Low price for a smooth shave but the padding around the razor disintegrated and was useless
It did not work for my hair, I have naturally curly hair that's kind of thin and it didn't work at all
Yeah sure its moisturizing, but I spent $14 on a tube of chapstick that doesnt taste or smell good? It definitely neither tastes nor smells like marshmallows which is the only reason I bought it.
Two (2) out of the 4 bows were stained with ink-like substance. Unable to use 2 out of the 4 issues.
Did not notice a difference my husband and I both bought one and what a waste. It only lasted 2 weeks and started to fall apart.
The fact that my glitter powder was six of the same glitter is VERY DISAPPOINTING! And I didn't know until I got an unexpected package yesterday that all of my order wasn't even there.
Product came USED full of hair cuttings in the pockets!!!!! Product quality is good but don't send dirty used stuff to people disguised as new!!! 😡
Nice when it arrived.. then sheds like crazy frontal starts to disappear and tangle is an understatement. Lasted only 2 months if that.
I think this is one of those products with fake reviews. I'd youre considering getting one, don't. Pay the extra for a WaterPik. This water flosser is very bulky and hard to hold. I thought it would be good for travel, but it's not. You can't reallly maneuver it around inside your mouth. Plus, I have to basically keep it in an upright position because of the position of the intake. And, the water receptacle has to be filled up twice each time I use it.
Way overpriced. The ingredients were simple ones that could be easily bought and combined
Only picking up a couple of channels ?
This stuff to me as too much alcohol in it it dried my throat out and my lip started to get dry maybe I just can't do alcohol it really didn't do much for me that's just being honest
Works to color hair, and agree on the other reviews stating get a lighter color. My hair is brown and the dark blonde is the right color. However, even after many hours the dye does not dry and will come off onto clothing, pillowcases, headbands etc. Not worth it!
Packaging was terrible !!! No box and the cap was off . Not sure if I should use
i was not a fan. would not purchase again
Was not painful, however cut into my toe and my toes are small.
Used these for my 18 month daughter's hair. They lasted a few hours before they started snapping. Little pieces of hair band all over the house. Disappointing.
Did not clean the brushes like it is supposed to.
It was an okay product but I got what I paid for.. wasn't so please with the tools as they were made a little think so when I was trying to get a white or black head it was a little difficult due to the thickness of the tool. There's only 2 tools that I will use repeatedly.
I've had better. The way the comb was and the way the wig sat on my head was terrible.
I used this the first day I got!!! I didn't see much color, but, I thought it felt pretty good on. As the day went on something caused me to start to lick my lips &, by the end of the day my lips were on fire!!! I don't know what is in it, but it didn't agree with me. I could hardly wait to get home & wash it off!!!! I THREW IT AWAY!!!!!
First it's my fault for not knowing the difference between 2 and 4 ounces but I actually just took it for granted this was 4 ounces because the price they are charging for the 2 ounce is what I usually pay for the 4 ounce on Vitacost.com. The reason I gave them 2 stars is because of what I consider an exorbitant price for such a tiny small bottle. I ordered from this seller on Amazon because it was more convenient at the time. Won't make that mistake again! I will most assuredly pay more attention to the amount vs cost in the future. You can probably tell by now that I will not purchase this item again.
The smell of the product is more than I care for. It's almost a floral scent, not terribly unpleasant, but it lingers for the first half of the day. The product doesn't hold my hair in place during the course of a workday.
I love this curling brush iron, but it doesn't last! I have had the Helen of Troy one as well, and this does a much better job, but I'm averaging buying one every 10-11 months. Indicator lights will be on, but brush won't heat. Frustrating!
I had high hopes given the cost, but this didn't work for me. It wasn't very bitter by my standards (even after multiple coats) and it wore off so quickly that I was having to reapply several times a day. Too expensive for how quickly I went through the product. Will go back to one of the traditional nailpolish-style products.
Followed all instructions (used gel polish many times) this one was pealing off within hours of having gone threw all the steps of putting it on.
Was awesome...for four months. Then it died.
I have normal skin type that starts to get slightly oily by the end of the day. This removes my makeup very well and has a great scent, but it strips my skin of all moisture like nothing else I've ever tried. Even if I use an oil to remove my makeup first, and then wash with this..it cuts right through the oil and the result is just as drying as it is without using oil. After I've pat my face dry, my skin is so tight it's painful. It hurts to smile and feels like my skin is going to rip apart. I purchased this because of the low price from a high quality natural brand, but now I'm going to try their Rose Kombucha cleanser. I read many other reviews stating how drying it is, but I figured I should still try it since we all can have different reactions and results with different products.
I received this hair dye yesterday and when i picked it up, the dye had leaked through the box and was staining my clothes. Although the product is exceptional, the packaging ruins the entire outlook of the product.
Did not like this shampoo at all. Tried it three times and still hate it. Makes my fine straight hair lifeless and flat.
I haven't used this yet, but I'm not exactly over the moon that it wasn't even a sealed bottle and feels like it's less than half full. I just hope it wows me.
I don't know what I expected, paying nine dollars for several sets of nails but I should have known better. You get a total of 12 nails, two for your big toe. If the other four toes don't fit then you're out of luck. Yes, you can file them a bit smaller but might work the shape which defeats the purpose. The nails are terribly long, at least for me. But filing them down worked. However, they are so stiff but they ended up being quite uncomfortable on my toes especially with shoes on. To make things worse, the paint immediately started flaking off and smudging so they looked bad before the end of one day. This was a fail for me and I returned them promptly.
the hair fiber stuck at the places you apply and convert itself in to the patches. hence it doesnt give the desired effect.
Smells very nice but I wish the scented lasted longer.
Love the texture but the fragrance is way too strong and gives me a headache
I bought this glove to protect my hand from my ridiculously hot curling wand as I wrap the hair around it. Unfortunately I can't slide my hair through my hand as I wrap it because the rubber dots grab the hair. UGH.
I wonder if these all come from the same maker. I purchased these from this seller and another and while they are cute, the ribbon unravels after one use. The headband itself is metal underneath the ribbon and cannot really be worn again once it falls apart.
I don't usually like writing bad reviews but I have to say first the warmer is very nice and works well, but the wax is awful. I understand hard wax and have used it before but this is the worst wax I have ever delt with and it doesn't work like it's suppose to. I really wish there was some way of returning just the wax cause I will be disposing it in the trash!!!
These didn't work for me but I don't know if that means they don't work, my toenail was just too thick.
I've only been using for two weeks and I think is not enough time. But I do like that my face is not greasy and it goes quickly in your skin. I will keep using it and then I will say if it works or not. I'm 64 and not expecting a miracle.
It was way lighter and thinner than I expected. I died it before installing it and that changed the quality of it tremendously. It tangles easily and sheds too smh. Would I purchase this again.....NOPE. I'm just trying to get my money's worth at this point.
it falls off the blow dryer way to easily, otherwise it would be a 5 star
I ordered these by mistake when I was trying to get some Urban Decay lippies. Ended up keeping them because I didn't return them in time, so decided to use them. Mistake. The color is good, but they're cheap and gummy and sort of break down and leave chunky deposits on my lips. Pass.
Makes hair very dry & then if you use the conditioner as well, it makes my hair feel dry but with greasy spots.
I'm SO over this product. Let me first say I am not new to doing my own nails. I knew there would be a learning curve with this, but this also came with NO instructions. Nothing saying how long to cure, how thick or thin the product should be, nothing. All trial and error. In the pictures are the ones that came off/didn't work while I was doing them. I LOVED the idea and the shape of my nails. After 3 hours of trying to get a finished set, I had all but one on. Figured i'd Come back later, when I had MORE time, and fix the last one and polish. Well so much for that because they popped off with in an hour...... Oh and the bottom of the tube I was using busted while trying to use it......
I thought this product would be a higher quality than it was. I was disappointed when I got it. It feels really cheap.
The items arrived as advertised. The only problem, which is a big one. I didn't get the charger for the cordless hair clippers.
Received this today. Gems cam in 5 small plastic containers. I was most excited for the the nail gems seen in the picture. The gems I was most excited for was partially empty.... so disappointing. Do not recommend buying if your looking to get what is advertised.
Doesn't really show up on dark hair.
Ripped within a week
I am not happy with the smell of this Lemongrass Oil. It has a sour, spoiled aroma. Perhaps I got a bad bottle. The packaging and bottle are both fine, it's the oil itself which is a bit rancid smelling. Sadly, I tossed the packaging so cannot return it.
Ordered per my wife's request. I was informed it was a child's brush when she opened the package. I think something like that should be mentioned in title of the ad, not just in one small spot in the features section. It would definitely save time and money for both the buyer and the seller. It's not worth the trouble to send back, and we can give it to our granddaughter.
This has been one of my favorite products for years, but I hate the new consistency of the cream. Instead of the super thick creamy consistency, it is now more greasy looking and will pour out if the jar is tipped. My daughter bought 3 jars and returned them thinking they had been overheated in shipping. When she received the replacement order, one jar had leaked out into the packaging and was all over the other jars. I am not certain I will order it again. I was very disappointed. Another great product ruined.
Planned a last minute, short trip. I ordered a really nice piece of luggage and then chose this cosmetic bag thinking it would be practical yet worth the price. I could have just made a trip to one of the many dollar stores or drugstores and found the same quality for less money. I could not even give it away. However, it is an ideal catch-all for a child's treasures or toys. I would not recommend it to a friend.
Bag came with lots of powdery soap worn off the bars. Was a Xmas gift and looked horrible
This product really didn't work for me. It would go on tacky and within a short amount of time not work at all.
This comb is well made but the bristles are falling off already. Foe the price I thought it would be made in good quality. Really disappointed with the product and the worst part is I can't return it because it's past a month.
Material too rough, difficult to even fix in my head, too large, seems more like a scarf or something to tight my head with not like a headband.
won't buy again. does not clean teeth very well
I really don't like the new version even though the company says it is combining the same ingredients. It really is not the same at all and I feel I wasted my money ordering this. I think they cut some corners in the new product. I don't know why they did this, but it was a huge mistake. The old product was fabulous.
Husband needed these for replacement and they don't work well at all. Not sharp enough to give close shave.
Maybe some people don't need real shampoo, but after using this I know I do. This "cleanser" didn't make my hair feel clean; my scalp was greasy the same day that I washed it with this, and the next day I would get pimples on my scalp. I really gave the product a try because my hair is curly and dry, but after using a third of the bottle I'm getting rid of it and buying real shampoo!
Got this in February 2019 and it is now October 2019 and this toothbrush has died - won't recharge at all ... shame because I really like it.
I was do allergic I had to return it. I got a severe red Radha on my face and Had to see my dermatologist for treatment. It may have been a reaction to the fragrance. I'm not sure but I won't use it again.
No matter how hard I tried, I could not put them on. You have to be a magician to apply them.
Worked well but only lasted for 2 months of normal use it began to malfunction. I ended up buying a better product because the return policy had expired.
not crazy about the product
Very sticky consistency, never really 'dries'.... makes the hair almost impossible to brush or comb. Does also transfer to things. I wouldn't buy again.
as the cheap price, they are pool qualty.
Maybe I haven't used it long enough; I think I got it a few months back, but I didn't notice a single change in my scar. Mine isn't even a keloid scar. It's just a small port incision that got infected, so it's slightly raised and darker on one end, while the other end is hardly noticeable. I used a different advanced scar gel with faster results, initially. Maybe this stuff works, but it didn't for me.
Recieved the wrong toothpaste, bought the kit for the gum health mouth wash and the bad breath toothpaste. But recieved only gum health products. Now trying to find just one of the bad breath toothpastes
Smelled nice but didn't not work with my natural hair and psoriasis and dry scalp. The bottles are really small as well
both hips replaced , extremely painful lying on pan, can not sit up, used in hospital bed, to painful on bones
I'm so disappointed that I spent money on this!! It did not feel good on, it was way too thin, it was translucent, and showed every flaw on my face. My final attempt at purchasing Cover Girl.
This sunscreen works well and does it's job, I found it to be really thick. It caked up in my elbows and knees after sweating for a bit.
Not really a fan -- I only wanted it to trim my nose hairs and the blade is so short and kind of shielded. I presume this is to protect you from nicks and cuts - but all it ends up doing is leaving me stubbly in my nose - which absolutely defeats the purpose. However - since it take a couple times to try it out - I can't return it.
The shampoo is terrible. It does not lather and leaves hair feeling greasy and grimy, because it doesn't seem to actually wash the hair, but just put another layer of grime on. The shampoo is also supposed to help prevent hair loss, but I am still losing just as much hair every day as I always have. The conditioner is okay, but nothing special. I cannot believe I paid that much money for products that do not work. I will not be buying this brand again, it's terrible. UPDATE: One month later... I figured out if I use three pumps of shampoo (it is very thin and watery) I can get a decent lather. My hair does feel less grimy these days. Maybe I am getting used to the product. My hair does feel pretty soft and healthy. I guess I will keep giving these products a try.
Nozzle clogged on both units. Not a natural color. Very red in color. Mister wasn't very even
I've ordered this twice. The first time I loved the product and the scent so I reordered when I ran out. The second time, it's like the scent was never added. In fact, it smells kind of gross. No consistency across the product. Too bad, because the first batch I got smelled great.
Bought this because of the positive reviews. After 3 weeks quit using as I saw absolutely no change in the dark circles under the eyes.
Nice color and texture, however it comes with an unexpected applicator want so you have to smear it on your face with the wand and then rub it into your face. Very clumsy to do. No mention of an applicator or I would not have purchased it.
The nail file was excellent, but the nail clippers and the cuticle cutter ripped the crap out of my nails and cuticles.
Not great for beards. Unless your beard is really long.
Not a good trimmer for a close shave. I bought this hoping for a good trimmer. Because i always use trimmers to shave my face for a close trim look/i get razor burn like a fiend. But this thing doesnt even get the longer hairs from day 2 of not shaving. So for my intended purpose it sucks.
PAY ATTENTION this size is tiny!! Put your money toward the larger size. Ridiculous!!
I've never purchased bleached hair before but I am not impressed. The acts are good and the closure is alright as well but this hair looks over processed. Where the bleach begins the hair starts to become frizzy and the ends look frayed and hay like. I'm literally do a deep conditioning protein treatment as I type this to see if u can get it more tame looking.
The new brush heads are very, very noisy. My last set which I purchased at Kohl's were very quiet. I had heard after market were noisy but these said genuine???
Husband didn't like the smell.
These break super easy. Unless you have ultra-fine hair do not purchase!
This product leaves a film and residue on my retainer every time I use it. I still find myself having to scrub them with a toothbrush after soaking them in this. I bought these because I didn't want to cause more damage to my retainers. The tablets did remove other particles that get stuck to the retainers but they keep leaving a white film all over them.
These bottles are brittle. I usually buy Sinful Colors from the store because they're the cheapest, so I'm used to keeping all my nail polish in a box together. Both of the bottles of this top coat cracked and leaked everywhere. :(
Stop working after a month
Seems to soften my feet with many copious applications, however the cream leaves a pile of white rubber like residue pieces while applying it. Also leaves some grease marks on our floors after letting it sit for over 15 minutes. I will be trying another product and not reordering this one.
Poor design- lid isn't tight seal so water from shower went directly into the bottle through the pump mechanism
but i bought green and it came out blue
I love the packaging, but one of the tubes didn't seal properly and unfortunately it's the one I put shampoo in. I realized too late that after screwing the cap on, you can squeeze the tube and air leaks out.
I tried this product, Curls come out better using a thin flat iron.
Beautiful packaging but the scents are god awful, smell like a chemical of some kind, and honestly they all smell like rose, and not in a good way.. I cannot even be near the smells. It's so bad. It was disappointing too because it was so nice and beautiful and the price was great. Very disappointed with these.
Items came as described but the covers were made haphazardly. The screwtop was recessed too far into cap and a couple are unusable. Disappointed with getting 10 usable instead of 12. Other than that I've only had two in use for a few applications and rollers seemed to be functioning ok. Will see how they hold up.
Does not work with my skin. It spreads unevenly and very thick. Totally noticable that I'm wearing make up and makes me look like a 13 year old first trying to use make up.
Thought it was great but it stopped working after 1 month. May be a fluke with all of the positive reviews, but just being honest. Your luck may be different.
Smells like chlorine
If you're going to buy a hair removal device I would recommend spending $200+ I damaged my skin with this.
Items much smaller in person. Not pleased
Very small not good if you have long hair.
I purchased a clamp stand with this product and screwed it in the bottom. Everything seemed fine until about a month later the entire cork head turned into particles resembling sand. I have no idea why this happened. Too bad.
I love the color and wanted to try this but the hair was all tangled and some of the clips were coming out I had to resew them
Drys out after one time
These are soft and work well. My main problem is the durability of them. I used one of them for about 7 days before it completely came apart and needed to be thrown away. I will not be buying these again.
Very easy to use but didn't care for the end result. Smelled really good and was easy to use. Thought the color would pop a little more so was slightly disappointed.
This was not a good purchase. The color was darker than I anticipated and it does not go on easily. I would not purchase again.
So far (6 weeks and counting) I have not received this item......really disappointed....if I could get it anywhere else I would. Maybe the plane crashed???
I Like the quality but the quantity on tye picture is disguising to say the least! So yeah 4 star for the quality but 2 star for the quantity pic discrepancy
I haven't use it yet so I can't confirm on the product yet, but I was only given 1 bag of the wax and it says it comes with 4. And apparently I have to stop the entire thing back just so I can get the missing parts, which I'm not doing
Too small. Picture was deceiving 🙁
Smells kinda like weed and stains light gray clothing
These are pretty flimsy, not very fluffy, and the stick is plastic.
I ordered 2 of these mini bottles of perfume. One was filled all the way up. The other one was missing about 1/4 of the perfume from the bottle!! When I opened the package, I could smell the perfume - so there must have been some sort of leakage. Disappointing - especially because I have the comparison of how full the bottle should be.
Supposed to be glow in the dark, but only half of them glowed!
Be careful who you order this from. I already have this toothbrush and I love it. I bought one as a gift but it came in a brown cardboard box, not the box you'd get at the store, so I had to return it. The box made it look like it was a refurbished toothbrush. No instructions in it either. Unfortunately I don't remember which vendor it was but because of this experience, I'm going to Target to get the toothbrush.
Not white. Did not contrast the eye.
Let's put it this way. Nothing, but nothing gives you a better, closer, more complete shave than a blade. Enough said.
I used this along with the conditioner. At first I really liked the product. After a month though I noticed my hair was becoming very dry and brittle and It felt like my hair was actually thinner than before I started using it.
Not sure if this is an actual Morphe product. The pigment is lacking and goes on very chalky. Not a true matte palette due to 28 out of 35 shades have some variation of shimmer. Disappointed.
I have been dying to get this in my mailbox! !! When I finally got it, the box is all crushed and the battery is missing so it won't even turn on.
Falling apart within 3 weeks of use and handle is shorter than expected
Goes on great! Didn't cause any adverse reactions with my sensitive skin. However, the scent wasn't strong enough and it wore off within a few hours! Was expecting it to be better 😢
Puff was smaller than expected. Wish it was fluffier too. It's a little flat for my preference.
I bought these after I loved the Scunci ones I bought at Target since I couldn't find this brand. The Scunci are way better as they don't pull my hair like the Invisibobble brand did. They were so different I don't even use the Invisibobble brand ones anymore, they just lay around my bathroom while I use the Scunci instead. Invisibobble not worth it, Scunci is!
Makes my bear soft for a few minutes....dries, and then its back to the wiry and wild.
Didn't receive Sweet Lavendar. Instead they sent plain lavender and it's a warming lotion. Not what I ordered and too much money to return or exchange.
Just received this, haven't used them but they cane broken :( they need to find a better way to handle the product since I know I am not the first one to have this issue
Very thick and the well is very long on my nails. They are not very good for me since I like to wear very sheer/nude nail colors.
Colors are pretty, but the gel peeled off on the second day. Polishes are also very tiny.
This wig block has a very foul smell that fills the room. I don't know if it got wet in the process but it is very unpleasant
these were okay. got them as party favors and i don't think people will really use them but its a novelty gift
So, I've made four separate orders for these extensions! My first batch were fantastic (pictured above). My second batch, the 13 inches, were absolutely terrible. They had so many split ends it was hard to even wear them. I didn't even get two weeks out of them. I totally get that for the price, you get what you pay for. But I wouldn't have bought these at the dollar store. They literally looked awful and I was so disappointed, especially after being so impressed with my first pair (I did 10 inches for those). I was going to order two more sets but it just isn't worth the risk for me.
Why is the water pik so noisy? It was not this noisy in the past. It sounds like a mini jack hammer.
I received this in the mail today and was really excited to try and use it. As I was unpacking it, I started to inspect the items that I purchased, which I was becoming slightly disappointed in. The drill itself was light weight and simple to use. (Push button = On, release button = off). Next were the drill bits. The white tipped bits were off center, as well as the pink tip bit. To see what it would look like when used with the drill, I test each on. Each bit was secure and with a press of the button I could tell that the bits that were off center would be be damaging to my nails. Sad to say, I like the simplicity of this set but I wouldn't use the bits on my nails personally. I will be returning this as soon as I am able.
The perfume smells great but as soon as I started using it I got a rash. The rash would appear anywhere I sprayed it on my skin. This made me think that it is possibly counterfeit since Victoria Secret has discontinued this scent.
This shade was not at all what it was when it came in the package. Completely different color that was applied to my face and it was darker.
I love this spray. However, two cans had broken nozzles. I was not able to make either work, and I had placed the order a long time ago. I usually keep a couple of cans stocked, and when I finally went to use it, it sprayed a direct shot into the side of my head. I learned to check the nozzles right away! Be careful, I had problems with both cans. Maybe try another seller.
This thing worked great until it fell apart exactly one month later. I put it back together but it sadly will not stay. I like the concept but it needs to be better quality.
Adorable container, unique lipstick (with flower), but that is only good points. Goes on very smooth and glossy, then within 5-10 minutes it feels like you have dry paint on your lips. The color only stays around the rim of your lips...looks like I have hot pink lip liner on and that is all. Very disappointing in the quality of the lipstick.
Did not tan my white legs :(
It does make my skin soft and you see that scrub but it's dry and it gets my skin irritated
Received hair today, 16, 18, 20 did not receive the free 16 inch closure.
I have found it really hard to put on magnetic lashes that have 2 magnetic bars per lash. They are difficult to line up both at the same time, and they aren't as long as a realistic lash line. I ended up cutting each lash pairing in half so they are smaller chunks with one magnetic bar per lash set. This is much easier and looks better.
Was great at first but now is cutting on and off- as if there is a short in the wire. It did work great for my hair and I wish it had some type of warranty because 3 months is too short.
Loved that it was all natural and cruelty free, but omg the burn! And I reapplied multiple times and went in the shade at times!
I seriously recommend you find a different product or spend the extra money on a quality product! After reading many glowing reviews I decided to try this Takstar. I immediately regretted my decision. My batteries would get so hot that you could feel the heat emanating from the product. I attempted to use it anyway, despite my better judgement. The sound quality is ok, at best. WARNING: The Takstar not only eats batteries, but it makes them so hot that they melt into the product itself! After examining the product and information thoroughly and going through three different batteries in this way...I had no choice but to throw it away. It's a sad waste of money.
I have purchased this brand before and they worked great but this batch I bought recently does not dispense any liquid. The balls are too tight. Could not use most of the pack.
This is adorable and just what I was looking for …. a little girl's 4th birthday. The first one I received had some very rough edging at the bottom on one side. This was sharp and would cause the child's hair to become tangled in it making it difficult to take on and off. Running my finger over it and it was actually sharp. I reported this to Amazon and they gladly shipped another,. The 2nd one was worse than the first. One side wasn't 'finished' properly …. appeared the silver color was worn or about to flake. It was rough when I ran my finger over it. AND--- the same sharp little protrusion at the bottom which I know will get caught in the hair. I know these are inexpensive little tiaras, but I want the child to enjoy it …. without it getting caught in her hair. . I am going to order a different style., Maybe I will have better luck.
Does not stick well. Doesnt seem to perform as well as other brads I have tried. On a positive note they are the perfect size.
Too dry!!! I bought this last year and loved it! Not sure what happened
Not a huge fan. All the product did was pull the hairs out of my face. It did not pull out any of my blackheads. I do have to say that I did like the tools that came with it. Those seem to work.
Didn't seem to help at all
Didn't like the product quality
Too thick. It doesn't look realistic when wearing.
It's a nice Concept, However, it didn't work for me. The middle setting doesn't keep the wax ready, the wax gardens on this setting and I had to turn it on hi, which made the was too hot, and it burns. I finally got some was on my leg for it not to work. Didn't pull any hair off, it just made my leg hot, cured and hardened and pulled it off as instructed. Not happy with this purchase. It's going in the trash.
I loved this and it was so easy to use. Unfortunately the on/off switch broke after the third time I used it making it useless. Very disappointed.
Foot feels soft, but has not begun to peel. Entering Week 2. Will alter once completed. Took awhile but definitely worth the wait
Has done nothing to get rid of or fade the dark spots on my face.
Makes my skin dry, i used it without an oil cleanser. I am currently living in texas with the hot and humid weather, it helps prevent pimples, but kinda dry I'd say. I am in my early thirties, asian american skin, T-zone oily, sensitive skin. I probably wont use this daily, but more like every other day.
Super flimsy, all the handles will snap unless you hold it by the head. Which, I might add, is a total shame because the bristles are super dense, soft and apply products beautifully.
Gloppy, goopy, and gross it seems like it's old or, maybe this is just the way this mascara is supposed to be, in any case, I won't be buying it ever again. It is very difficult to apply without a ton of mascara blobs all over the place. For $20 I can find a mascara I'm in love with not this junk. I do NOT recommend.
Wow, this mirror is so small and magnifies an inch of your face at a time...... would not work for make up yet would be good for eye brow tweezing.
Either I'm reading the instructions wrong or this is another bad product. It's like using scotch tape. Don't waste your money.
I'm not sure it is making any difference to my skin whatsoever. Unfortunately, the cream from the most recently purchased jar is leaving blue stains on my pillow that do not come out with washing. Not sure if they changed the formula, but this is new and pretty annoying because it ruins everything it touches.
When I bought this last week I didn't realize it is a "kit" which you have to put together yourself. I thought the product was ready to use upon opening the package. That being said, I still haven't used this product and I am thinking of sending it back.
These r just ok. Not the worst but not even close to the best. If you are comfortable with makeup and don't mind spending a bit more, just buy a better quality set. They are kind of garbage.
If you are looking for a natural moisturizer pick something else, this does absolutely nothing. The texture is not what you want for a good face cream, on top of that it made my skin red. It went away after 30 minutes but looked like irritation. I used this product on my legs, did nothing. Not gonna use it at all.
A lot smaller then what I thought it would be but not that bad
First of all, these were sent to me in a nasty stomped on envelope. I had to cut the envelope open and also split open 1 of the 2 packs. I did tape it up and put in a baggy so they wouldn't dry out. The wipes have no fragrance and do remove your makeup pretty well though after swiping a few times. Would I order again, probably not.
I stayed at a hotel that had this product/scent and loved the fresh awakening aroma of the lemon and I was super excited to find it on Amazon. However, they aren't the same as the one I had at the hotel. It's almost as if this is an old product or it was replaced with a different type of soap, cream, shampoo & conditioner. Was sadly disappointed.
Cute colors but it peels of soon after application or once your hands get wet
dissapointing the humidity it creates is causing it to fall apart. the "wood" is peeling around itself. disappointing!
It just sat on my skin it made my face feel super dry
Combs are tiny. Hubby can't even use them
Received the lotion with a broken pump. It says item is not eligible for return. The lotion itself is fine, but trying to use it will be a messy annoyance.
Very chip and wash of fast.
Smell too strong had a sneezing attack when used
Not sure if it is the same quality you buy in stores :/
I'm new to stamping so I bought 3 different ones-the first two which THIS was the 2nd DIDN'T work well at all-maybe at a later time when I get the hang of this I can revisit this stamper but for now -it's not easy to use and didn't work well for me. Luckily the 3rd stamper I bought worked ABSOLUTELY DIVINELY the very FIRST TIME I tried it-so I really have no use for this one right now.
Have to push really hard to get it to roll onto skin. Smelled nice for a few hours. 12 hours later...The deodorant did not work, i reek of BO. This is my first day trying it, i will keep on trying and update this review. The way i smell right now, i wouldn't have spent 14$ on this! I haven't worn any deodorant in about 6 months, just use essential oils and they do a way better job alone than this.
I really really wanted to like this product - I liked the ingredient list and that it was a physical sunscreen. However, the actual product was not great - it was really gritty (felt like sand in the cream), and the color was not anything close to natural. The texture just was not cosmetically elegant, and it never felt like it dried down. The price point definitely did not match the product delivery. Too bad! I like the principles of this company, just not this product. I do have their retinol product, and will try that for a while before leaving a review.
Longer than normal. Hard to apply
The product was bent when I got it.
I used mine for about a week when It started to have a funky smell. When I cut open the bottle to investigate, it was full of mold. The coverage was nice but I broke out terribly with it (could have been the toxic mold). I am going back to Beauty Counter which is more expensive but it's amazing.
Ok , I like the color, teal blue meets black and subsides with blue. . I also like that it drys my hair fast! Also I love the cold buttons especially in AZ. Great for drying your body off after a shower. It does what it's intended and a little extra. Yes I'd recommend this “tool” for your hair; body and nether regions when you're hot as ...... I'm updating my post to 2 stars. Even though I loved the features after 7 months it started smoking and would of caught on fire if I hadn't unplugged it and tossed it outside. I let it cool down then took it apart. There was NO lint or hair inside just a faulty product. Waist of $52 plus now in s landfill.
just got it..too early to tell
Broke apart 5minutes into using it for the first time and almost cut my face that moment. It massages like it supposes to. I requested replacement. So we will see. So disappointed though
cheap quality. hair fibers are loose and shed. good variety, though and alot of brushes. dont buy these if ur serious about ur beauty tools. if not, this kit would be great and travel-friendly.
Made my skin very dry
It works just fine, but the quality of brushes is inconsistent. The app stopped connecting after a few weeks.
Design was great and worked well at first.... but it lasted 5min in my hands and melted while I was using a hair dryer to help apply my mustache wax. Whoops :/
Says for sensitive skin. I have extreamly sensitive skin but needed something a little stronger then my old face wash. So I got this. Used it twice and it made my skin breakout in a rash on my cheek. Look on the back of the bottle and see do not use on sensitive skin..... If you have sensitive skin at all don't buy this product.
This was part of a gift that was purchased and love the results that come with it. However, my received by date changed three different times. I initially had a small wait for the product but then it arrived about a week after the i initial date given. Therefore was not able to be part of the gift set that it was going in. With that I am very disappointed.
Very cute, but can't smell them. Don't know if it was the diffuser or the oil.
Bristles in brush started falling out even after using only a few minutes. Comb seems to be sturdy and works.
The glue did not work but the lashes and other tools are of nice quality.
After my hair was cut with these scissors, my hair was full of split ends. Almost each and every end is split now. I have no idea why this is because the scissors are very sharp. Maybe it is the material it is made from.
Honestly, nothing too special. The masks slid from eye area, even when I laid down while they were applied. Eyes don't feel or look noticeably different after multiple uses. I did enjoy the cooling effect when used but I'm sad to say I will not be purchasing these again, more effective products in the same price range.
Although it can be moisturizing, it's not for me. For the past week I've been using it, I have little to no results. In fact, my skin has actually gotten worse ever since I started. I was really excited to try it out since I saw all the positive reviews:(
Lights round the mirror are really nice. Wish it was more than a mirror. I definitely need a magnified mirror.
This is super cute in person, however the flowers are not glued on that well. When I received the ears; the flowers were hanging off. I had to get out the hot glue gun to fix.
At first I loved this purchase! But after less than a month of use both of the spray lids/nozzles stopped working completely.
I guess you get what you pay, the price was low but I was hoping the quality was higher. The cut is not very smooth and actually hurts some areas when shaving.
Bought to replace another Braun model no longer available. I've owned 3 or 4 similar clippers in the past 25 years. Wahl, Braun and others. These are the worst ever at this price point.
I followed the directions provided on the website and it turned glitter not mirrored finish like the photos. I'm not sure how you would even get the mirrored finish. I even tried rubbing it on with the foam brush they provided. Same result .
I thought they would be bigger but they work
Would have loved to try this product but it is missing 3 heads. I did turn on the machine and used it on my wrist, the suction seemed like it would actually be effective but I unfortunately will have to wait until the issue is resolved.
The suction cups suck! Meaning they don't! However the cape has saved my relationship. I just purchased some suction cups from Walmart.
This was so loud and actually too powerful. I couldn't use it in the highest setting.
One of the four plastic bottles seemed to have deformed, it lost its shape and the top came off and I couldn't get it to securely close. anymore. The other 3 seem to be ok, but had to throw the defective one out.
The product is as described but unfortunately the cap was cracked. Disappointed.
My husband says he smells like a pine tree.
Really enhanced the wrinkles I have which are very minor. The only thing I noticed was it is like a highlighter, it will pull more attention to the areas you desperately want to disappear. I don't use base make up. Maybe this is the problem. I use Coty translucent loose powder. With full war paint, it might be better. Regret this purchase. Reviews can not be correct. Yuck....
Not packaged well. Bottle leaked from moving around too much in a box much too large for it with no stuffing. Bottle is barely over half full and you could see stains in the box from where it leaked.
Arrived quickly, taste was great. Unfortunately, they both died after 2 days.
Very little product in the containers. The silver one had almost nothing in it, and the pink one spilled everywhere!
Tried this for a while, with no results. Maybe it would work for some, but not me.
The BB cream broke me out and made my skin very dry.
This product is not very good compared to others. It runs when you sweat.
Love the product however my review is more negative against the seller and how the product arrived. It was packaged with other items. It was not completely sealed, or wrapped so it exploded within the box and everything was covered with body wash.
Too much perfume to use on face. Creams used on the face should not have perfume. Cannot even use on arms. Overwhelming perfume. This company does not take returns nor refunds.
I love facial cleansing brushes and having clean skin and have used several face brushes for my skin. This brush was more expensive and had a lot of claims that it would really clean skin deep. I felt it would clean my skin at first but I'm used to a rotating brush that is easy to move and this one is not that. It simply vibrates. Very rapidly dependent on the setting it's on. However for $60 dollars I thought it would be a good alternative to the Clarisonic but now less than 2 months later it won't turn on or work at all. I'm very disappointed
The car mount holds and charge my Xs max fine with case. Just one issue. It suddenly like to release every once in awhile during my drive which is a bit annoying. I wouldn't purchase again because it fails to securely hold my phone during drive and don't want to worry about it falling mid drive.
Package looked altered.
The vitamin broke my face out
This product got such good reviews and stated as one of the best for thick hair. Let me tell you this product does not live up to all the hype. The silicone tips pull the hair and it does not work well at all on thick hair. It was difficult to pull the brush through even a small bit of hair. Bad button placement. The buttons are on the handle so it is very easy to accidentally change the temperature. It is very light and has a comfortable handle, but doesn't perform as expected.
This unit would not keep a charge.
Meh. Boiled them and whatever. Too stiff, great for exfoliating. Useless as a daily all over sponge.
I didn't read the fine print that this only works with fluoride toothpaste (I use natural, no-chemicals toothpaste). Womp womp.
Okay product. does nothing for frizz
Does not last very long.
The color was pretty but dried out my lips and didn't seem to last as advertised
Works Ok, but if you were light color clothing or under clothing, it will turn it black
I just got my product. I opened it and it's half full. Is this normal? I paid $66 for this?!
Not at all what I thought it would be
I have purchased quite a few lighted vanity mirrors from Amazon. They are all great and this one is no different. It is very sturdy and the light is very bright & adjustable. My only problem is that I purchased this particular mirror because I was under the impression it was rechargable since it says so in one of the photos. It, unfortunately, is not. I will just have to purchase rechargable batteries, but at that rate I could have gotten a rechargable mirror at the same price.
I really wanted to like this curling iron because it has all the right features and it's comfortable to use. Sadly it doesn't reach a hot enough temperature to make your hair curl appropriately and gets worse with use . Will return .
Wasn't happy with this. The product said it was 4 applications, but it was only one. Too expensive to buy again
They arrived in a plastic bag but the green shadow had came undone and got all over the bag and other shadows
It left dark stains on pillows and on couch. Even after tying with a head tie overnight, the next day it still left stains. Pillows are now ruined. Washing the pillowcase did not help remove the stains
Picked this set up to clean up before job interviews and keep myself from biting my finger nails. I was hoping that this would be a quality set based off the reviews. After taking it out of the package I noticed the leather case was very poor quality and had some stitching coming apart. Some of the tools appear to be well constructed like the scissors, but the clippers and other stuff seem cheaply made. For $25, I think your money could be better spent elsewhere, but that's just a humble opinion, but I am sure it will still do the job. I would say $10 set at best.
So hard to use, sticking with glue
Made my hair dryer and
I received this without 5 free application gloves. Doesn't last long at all. It will dry your skin out
Very unhappy with this product. Shampoo stinks and dries out my hair. Total waste of money.
I wanted to love this mascara but the brush is long and awkward and the product itself does not make your lashes look great.
Doesn't work as well as attract
Use Telescopic for bottom lashes only & thought Skinny wand would be better, but it is not. Did not work for me. Too skinny and hardly put mascara on my bottom lashes.
I bought these in October and they worked fine for a little while. Now, one makes a really weird noise and the other one does not work half the time. They are nice when they work.
I don't like these. They are very thin and you can't even see them on you compared to other .07 mm lashes. The only way you will be able to notice that they are on you is if you put a thousand layers on. Another thing is that when you put the glue on the bottom of the fan (where it is supposed to attach to your lashes), it will spread out across the bottom of the fan and when you put it on will look like an awkward weird dot. I wouldn't suggest these to anyone unless you are looking to have unnoticeable lashes.
Worked fine for a few months but just stopped working and now it is going straight in the trash. Certainly expensive for the amount of time it worked
Didn't realize not for relaxed hair, only natural. Serious warning about breakout or rash. Too scared to use this product.
I used this in my classroom for a month (probably about 4-5 hours a day.) It worked well and served the purpose I was looking for. My classroom is about 30 feet x 18 feet. However, after storing in the classroom over the summer, I brought it back out from its original box and plugged it in and it does nothing but beep. Can't find any literature to find out what the beeping could possibly mean, so in the trash it goes.
They look nice with your eyes open but you can't look down or close your eyes without seeing the magnet on your lash line. No makeup can cover it. They should have made it to close together instead of mass producing the same design.
The hair on this wig is very nice and full and colors well. The down side is the cut on this wig is butchered. I ordered a 12 inch wig expecting a full 12 inch wig and got a chopped up mess. You have to fix the cut in the back. Second it doesn't have a comb in the back of the wig just the front. Also the lace is hard to dye and I had to use makeup to make sure the hair did not dye with it.
I want to love this product because it's natural and I had high hopes but unfortunately it does not stay on very long and it will run and smudge with any sort of humidity or sweat. Definitely a no-no for summer! I hope they'll figure out a better solution because I really do appreciate their aspiration for this product!
Worst shave ever, running out of toilet paper to stick on my face. In the garbage they go!
The bottles were leaking.
Not their best product; more a clear lip oil than any kind of stain or color
Not really happy with this product. i live in florida aka high humidity. This is too greasy for combination skin. Made me break out for the first time in years. Real bummer cause i had high hopes plus i can't return it. Customer service was amazing though. The first delivery arrived opened and damaged. They sent me a replacement in much better condition at no charge. Unfortunately the product doesn't work for my skin.
Box came in broken, impossible to remove product from bottle, and the scent is a little off; almost like rotten limes. Would not recommend.
See no effect, did not create any issues with sensitive skin, feels nice going on, but no effect seen used twice a day for 2 weeks.
It popped right off once I put my case on.
Let me be straight with ya. This thing is built like a tank. It's light years beyond what I was expecting in terms of quality construction. That being said, the only bad part is the comb arm. Again, made out of milled stainless steel, it may very well outlive the cockroaches after the big one, BUT it just blows as a comb. The teeth are too shallow and too widely spaced to function well as either a beard or hair comb, and the right-angle killing of the comb teeth has a habit of snagging, breaking, or outright simply pulling out your hair. Great for irony: it's a switchblade comb that doesn't work as a comb! Be careful you don't get shot or punched whipping it out because it's pretty convincingly deceptive even from a short distance. Children will love it and probably get expelled from school if they take it, everyone else should consider a hard pass unless you're looking for a costume prop or want to reverse engineer a blade to replace the comb, which I bet would be remarkably easy.
Products are so tiny and worth so much money
Bottle kind of small and felt I had to use just about half get of my hair. Bottle almost felt half empty when received.
Is not working for me
I've had good luck with this product when I've bought it in stores, but this particular one I bought though Amazon was watered down! The texture was much more viscous than any of the tubes I bought in person and it lasted me about half the time. You're better off finding it in a shop than wasting your money on watered down face wash.
It helped my oily hair at first but after a week or two it made my scalp oily and the rest of my hair dry and stiff, I don't recommend it.
Not sure what was wrong with this moisturizer but since I started using this moisturizer, my face was more oily than it was before and I seen more pimple pop up. After a week of using this, I throw it away. This does seem to be a good moisturizer but maybe it is not for my face type.
I was excited to get these until they came. About half of them were broken as soon as I opened the package. So disappointing. Planning on returning.
I wasn't impressed with this iron. The plates don't quite close, except at the tip, leaving more than half a centimeter gap further back. This isn't really conducive to straightening hair. Also, the plates shift from side to side, as though the hinge is faulty. I had to use both hands (and a spare glove) to keep the plates closed and aligned, and still didn't have much luck. The heat setting options are minimal, with 75 degree differences between them. At the highest temp, it still didn't seem effective. I switched back to my old iron until I can find a better replacement.
This polish is not very good for nail stamping. A waist of money as far as I am concerned.
The wires only work sometimes, I use the Apple plug and other adaptors but it only has a mind of its own. Works for one hour then stops working the next or just doesn't work at all
I have three kids with three different types of hair from wavy to super curly defining lotion worked good for flyaways on my wavy hair child but does nothing for the other two sent is nice and fresh not overwhelming or oily but dose leave a dry feeling on really curly hair . Detangler is good on all three and smells nice as well. I give a 3 star because I will continue to look for a better product.
okay so the deodorant itself? It really did it's job almost as well as an antiperspirant with aluminum/other chemicals. HOWEVER! The packaging on this is a nightmare and one you drop it (even a small drop) or the freaking wind shifts, it breaks and makes the entire product twenty times more difficult to use. This horrific plastic tube is disgustingly bad, like I never thought I could be so against the packaging of something in my life, yet here we are.
I'm a barber an got these blades for professional use. They do not cut well. I set them, used blade wash and oiled them before first use and they still pull hair. Will be ordering original blade from Wahl next time.
I'd like to return this as it doesn't work for me. when I go into amazon to make the return there is no option
Read a lot of reviews prior to buying it. I got real thick hair and was looking for an easier way of cleaning going thru it... To be honest, it almost feels too soft. I don't even feel like it's getting down deep as you'd expect after looking at it.
To be very honest, I have not so far been impressed. I've been using for a week with no change from any other antiperspirant. Also, within a few days, the whole stick crumbled. I was picking up pieces to try to salvage since I paid so much for this. The rest got vacuumed. I would not purchase again.
Product is very oily. I used it to remove eye makeup and it makes my eyes burn for thr whole night. I would say I have somewhat sensitive skin.
Dries out my twists and it gave me alot of frizz when untwisting. Worst $9 ever spent.
Got this hoping to eliminate the puffs that carry bacteria, sadly my 7yr old doesn't like this cause you don't get lots of suds with it (I know suds don't mean clean but if your a parent you get it) I use it myself tho & like it. Maybe it would be easier with some sort of foam soap?
I didn't note any measurable moisture in my skin after using this. I expected this to be a light moisture gel but it has no lasting effect. No lasting moisture. I will not repurchase.
The odor in this too strong for most non-Indians. It is seems to be the same odor of cow dung powder, which many in India use as a therapeutic treatment. As for the benefit or improvement to skin, there is mild improvement but nothing which can be said is dramatic.
Most people with fine hair do not have a lot of hair. I compared the size of these to my current set of bands and they are much bigger. I'd have to wrap these around my hair too many times in order for them to be effective. These are not returnable either so I will be donating them.
I was so excited to get this and share some lotions with my granddaughter. We are both a little obsessed with good smelling hand lotions. There is no scent to any of these! The moisturizing aspect is horrible; I kept reapplying and am incredibly disappointed in this product.
item not as described, comes clear instead of brown color. not eligible for return.
I eat this on the microwave. It never seems to heat enough to deep condition.
they literally dyed glue black and put it in a bottle.
Can't really see how this item would help I was in real need of something to work so I tried it and this did not do it, after you shove this thing up your nose it won't stay there does not fit my shape head or nose, is nothing but a plastic Box with a screen in it it has nothing whatsoever to help you breathe or not snore, I guess of you're worried about giant bugs climbing up your nose, is about the only thing I could see it being good for, Ended up getting a CPAP machine and is what I should have done a long time ago, little gimmicks don't work for real problems if you're snoring or can't sleep get it checked out, take it form me it's not worth wasting time on gimmicks to fix a problem.
Opened box, took off battery cover and found one of the battery springs is broken, so much for ever using it as a portable. Does seem to work on the USB, however, there wasn't a plug for that cord to be plugged into the socket. Fortunately we have extra plugs but would have thought one would be included. What do we expect from made in China items anyway. Will see how it works when I use it tomorrow... perhaps will up the stars after using it for awhile. To be continued.
Lots of shedding, but great fit and true to color.
This was way too thin :( only buy if you don't need much extra volume at all... The hair itself is decent though!
I'm not sure I love this lotion. Here is a photo of how my product arrived. It was very soft and melted, but I do live in a very warm climate. Either way it was melted enough that I could mash it down into the container that was saved for it. It had a very greasy feel. The package was messy and the box had grease stains all over the outside. Since then the product had become a solid again and I have to scrape it and rub between my fingers/palms to soften and use it. The issue here is, it's very gritty and not a smooth texture. It's never just soft after being rubbed in. I'm not sure that I'd recommend this particular brand based on those things. The natural smell of chocolate coming from my skin is almost overwhelming as well.
Doesn't really trim too well. Takes several passes to get an area trimmed.
With any other nail powder I've used, it usually sticks to my nail, however, this powder didn't want to buff into my nails like others do. I've tried different gel polishes and it still doesn't want to stick. I might be doing something wrong but I'm not sure.
The quality is not the same as sonic
With Maps and Pandora going or Waze and Spotify, the battery would drain quicker than the Qi charger could charge. After an hour commute my phone would be half dead (iPhone XS Max). Might have been due to power supply but I'm not very pleased. The rubber grips also quickly came loose so I have to push them back in often. I went back to using my lightning cable direct from head unit and just hold the phone with this product. The sensor works well enough to open and close for a good hold.
Overall the product is ok but battery life is terrible, on long beard you will get two uses and thats it ! it does not straighten the beard. At most helps to keep it tidy.
The gems kept fall off my nails. I did better with nail glue.
Dark and thin. Order a shade lighter than you normally would, and you'll be better off buying 2 for a fuller look. And it sheds.
It is in a nice sturdy case, but it is light rose - but very shiny on your face. I don't wear shiny blush - I like a creamy matt finish
Noxzema is a great product but all jars came in box lose with cream all over the place. Value would have been great if all product was contained properly
The size is much more smaller than what it is described. I wanted to return to change it but they don't have the right size, and I am in urgent to use a travel bag so just take it finally.
It's make hair very dirty.....
Mask is too watered down to do any real work.
I'm not impressed with these. They are very stiff and not too absorbent, making them a bit messy. I wouldn't buy them again.
I've used these types of foot pads before, not this brand however. After putting them on, I put my socks on and went to bed. AFter about 1/2 hour my feet started burning, but I left them on, then my legs felt real heavy, uncomfortable. I left them on for about 6 hours, wiped my feet and looking at the bottoms they were all red. After I sat up from bed, I was sick to my stomach for about 1/2 hour. Very strange reaction, I'm throwing the rest of them away.
I've been using this product every morning since the day after it arrived (almost a month now), and I have noticed little to no change in the appearance of the skin under my eyes. I would not buy again.
I really wanted to like this product. The idea behind them is great but the execution was not. The ends of the ties are glued together making it a weak point for the hair tie. I have pretty fine hair and don't ask a lot from my pony tails. I bought this to minimize damage to my hair (and therefore you can image that I was not trying to achieve a super tight pony tail). TWO of the three snapped within a week of purchasing these with very modest use. Not sure if I will try again based on the price
Didn't work miracles on my broken capillaries at all. Oh well.
I have bought this same fragrance for the pat 5 years either at the Creed Store or at Neiman Marcus stores but never online. I decided to buy it online this time and to say the least, I had my doubts in regards to its originality so I read all the reviews from multiple sellers before making a decision. As soon as I saw it it looked original. The packaging was 100% identical to the packaging I'm used to and the bottle was also perfect. unfortunately, as soon as I sprayed it I could immediately tell that the cologne was not an original. It was very similar, I would even say almost identical but for someone who has only used this cologne for 5+ years, I could immediately tell the difference. If you are OK with having a pretty decent knock off that will only last half the time, then this is the cologne for you. But if you are looking for the original, just stick to buying them at the Creed Store or at Neiman Marcus stores.
Nice when it works. I tried this one after being disappointed in the Bare Minerals product. Both only work for a short while. The powder seems to get stuck and does not release.
Very disappointed with this product. It was dried out and not full. Not sure if it is authentic. Waste of money.
When I purchased this, I had searched for an edible peppermint product. When I read the description, it never mentioned that is IS NOT for internal consumption which the bottle clearly states. Also, it CANNOT be returned.
I have not seen any noticeable improvement in skin tone, wrinkles, or dark spots.
Overall I am happy with the results. As of yet it has not restored 100% back to original color, but more like 60%. Still experimenting with the application procedure. The key is absolutely to rub it into your skin. After the 6th or 7th day I was really fascinated with the results, but it turns out I was actually dying the hair a bit as I was applying with a brush. It washed out very easily, but so did a lot of the color. But the change is noticeable and I will continue to try. You get a good amount for the price and it will last a long time. Also, it applies clear but will leave stains after a few days to anything it comes in contact with. Try it out. It does work. Update: So, it appears that this was basically dying my hair and when I wash my face, almost all of the color is gone. Not working as I originally thought. I even purchased an atomizer and I am really rubbing into the skin, but not seeing the results I'd hoped for. I was very optimistic and I wanted an alternative to the dyes that burn my skin, but this doesn't look like it will do the job, at least for me. I'll continue to use it as I have a bottle of it and I'll update if anything changes.
Most samples were out of date and there were duplicates mixed in. Not many I haven't tried before and many I threw away.
After one week, dropped it from two feet onto the bathroom floor - broke into pieces and the cutting head shattered. Find something stronger.
Not as white as pictured, but it'll do the job.
It's just ok. Not as soothing and moisturizing as I hoped. Don't like the smell either.
I love the product, when it actually worked!! I had surgery and used it a few times on my scars. I love that it has Vitamin E in it and uses a roller ball. But, after maybe 4 uses, there's none left that comes out. I'm not sure if it's gone, or if the roller ball is clogged and not working, but I'm definitely returning it.
Bought as a Christmas gift, and never received it. Had to get a refund.
I read the reviews on this and had very high hopes for this product. I was very disappointed. Maybe I was just expecting too much but my redkin hairspray does a much better JOB!!!!
Unfortunately, this was not what I expected from this product. Not moisturizing in the dry winter weather.
Bottle was unsealed and has leaked out. Please advise. (Edit - I submitted this 2 days ago and have yet to receive an answer. Very unsettling to receive unsealed product.)
expensive, firm gum damaging bristles
Too thick to go between my teeth
I'm a big Maja fan so was delighted to purchase the body lotion. Works well enough on my arms but when it comes to my torso and legs, I find it flakes. I cannot understand why that happens. I've been thinking about returning it because I haven't used it in a long time. And I did give it a good try.
The shampoo looked to be original and left my hair soft but conditioner was either fake or expired because it would leave my hair smelling like wet rag. Had to return and thankfully Amazon gave me a full refund.
I really wish I could give this product 5 stars...but sadly I can't. I don't wear make up often when my bushes sit in my makeup bag covered in the makeup from the last time I wore makeup I would break out so I wanted to find a quicker way to clean my brushes. When I first used this product I instantly fell in love with it! All the makeup sitting deep in my brushes came right out and was almost dry instantly! BUT I just used this to clean my brushes for the second time and while drying the spindle detached right from the machine and there is no way to reattach it. I tried to look for a new device without the whole kit and can not find it, I am very heart broken and am now on the search for a similar product.
Poor quality hair. Looks kind of like a Barbie dolls hair.
These arrived on time and very clean! After filling one with an essential oil blend and throwing it in my purse I noticed it leaking everywhere, no matter how tight the cap was. At a closer look it seemed to be the metal ball being too loose, as the culprit.
This hurt my face. Definitely not for sensitive skin, it burned and I couldn't even leave it on long enough to get the results of the mask
This is an Okay Product doesn't to that much of anything.
I'm disappointed in my order. The original Ocean Potion Lotion was my absolute FAVORITE. The smell was fantastic, the formula equally so. This new bottle smells different. While it still smells good...it's definitely different. And this new formula makes me breakout which the old stuff never did. Either the formula changed or this is a knock off.
Wouldn't buy it again, maybe I bought it too big?? I bought a medium/large, because the extra small/small sounded too tiny. Not tight at all. I don't have a tattoo, I bought it to wear over my Apple Watch when working out so as not to damage it, it really didn't work for that.
I purchased this product on March 13, 2019. It was about 2 weeks before I actually started using this item. While it was working it was a great product. However, around the 1st of July it quit working. I assumed it was the batteries and replaced them. It never worked again. It has now been about 2 weeks since it stopped working and nothing I have tried has made it start working again. I expected it to last way longer than 4 months.
Unfortunately, the wig started shedding the moment I took it out of the book. I always brush my bundles or wigs just to test it quality and unfortunately this wasn't it. Luckily I don't need the hair TOMORROW or I would've flipped out
First, neem oil smells terrible. If you use this on your indoor plants you MUST Spray Outside. I live in Ohio, so spraying in the winter is not really an option. Results from spraying: a smelly smell that will smell so smelly you will smell it for weeks. Residue from the oil may go everywhere and it is sticky and unpleasant and difficult to remove. You may have sprayed your plant outside, let it air out, then bring it in and see that you missed a spot. One squirt won't be a big deal. I'll just spray one squirt inside. NO. DON'T DO IT. The cast off may get on your plant, but it could also go on objects around the plant. Then it is suddenly on the window shades, the desk, oh no it's dripping off of the plant and onto the floor, its on the carpet. How did it get on the printer? Who sprayed it on the wall? Why is the cat sticky? What is that smell? No. No. No. No. Real Talk: this neem oil may suffocate the bugs, but it is also capable of suffocating your plant. I had a mealy bug infestation brought in from a new succulent (thanks Lowes) and used neem oil on the affected plants. My poinsettias where a delicious treat for these bugs, so I used this neem oil on them. They died. The neem oil killed them because the leaves were so sensitive. When I tried to wash the oil off to save the plants it wouldn't come off. One by one the leaves fell off and soon my beautiful 4-year-old poinsettia died. RIP. Look how beautiful she was! I gave it two stars because it was helpful to kill the bugs on succulents, so that's a plus. Honestly though, I would rather just remove the bugs manually with some rubbing alcohol and a q-tip.
I own a bottle of Aventus and this doesn't compare. I have had some colognes over the past that were almost identical but this one is missing. It has more of a soap smell. I was hoping for something much more similar to save on my wallet but this is not the one.
This is the second time I've had an issue. Wrong soap sent.
I wanted to like this, but it doesn't curl my lashes nearly as well as a simple press and hold curler. Nice that it recharges but the point is moot if it doesn't hold a curl.
Feet will be oily forever and it stains the floor even the next day i put it.
This does NOT provide full coverage as indicated on the product.
My daughter was so excited when we ordered this product. She's watched the videos and was sold on the tool and couldn't wait to put a wave to her hair. Sadly, we used it a few times and each time it's a waste and we end up using a curling iron. Wouldn't recommend this item at all
I cut my sons hair because he has autism and it's hard to take him to a shop.these are mediocre clippers .didnt cut the hair right even with the guards.had to go over and over his hair! Wouldn't buy again !!
Sticky makes hair non brushable
I still have a lot of hair loss in the shower. But it just smoothes my hair a bit
I left this dye in my hair for an hour and my hair did not take any of the color.
Didn't do anything for my hair besides tangle it up I liked the idea of what I should have been and read plenty of reviews before purchasing I thought it was to thick and had to use another brand to get the tangles out true my hair tangles easy but I've used plenty of other hair products that were less expensive that worked fine if you purchase and it works for you that's great
Didn't do anything for my skin
It's pretty watery moisturizer. It doesn't really sink into my skin.
I purchased this 3 months ago and it worked great, now the battery seems to be burning out, after a full charge ,the pressure will go up and down .I tried to contact the manufacturer and they never replied , Definitely will not purchase again .
this stuck to me, the cloth..... wouldn't come off me.
I was so excited when I ordered this set I didn't even care that it could not be returned. However when I received the package I was upset to find at least one of the vials completely broken and a couple cracked, with small pieces of glass in the box. I wish it would have been shipped with better padding or any padding lining the box. Unfortunately I can return this an get a new one worth my money, but I plan to make full use of the undamaged oils.
messy. didn't notice much difference after 3 uses as directed
Shaver was delivered without a protective cap. Have been shipped directly from Norelco in Columbus, Ohio to Amazon and on to me.
I will not be ordering these again. I would like to preface my comment with the fact that I love Garnier's Micellar cleansing water. The wipes, however are "dried" out and do not do a great job of removing my makeup.
Leaked everywhere. Not an efficient product
I didn't see any difference in this product hopefully it will help if I continue using it
Hard To Use If You Have (AR) In Your Hands.
This did give me a good color- but at a price. It got ALL over my sheets - like 8 hrs after applying it and showering. Very easy to apply and good color but rubs off on anything
It seems to do nothing and I have used it a week now. Am I applying it right? Use it before or after foundation application? I don't feel a tightening like it said I would.
Bought this to use in Theater to cover some tattoos. Not even close...completely visible through the makeup... I'll stick to Ben Nye corrective colors and pancake foundation.
I don't think this straightening brush is worth almost 100 dollars!! It definitely doesn't do like the videos show.
They're drastically cheaper than the Sonicare sensitive heads, but I wasn't expecting these to feel the way they do. They are very stiff, and feel like the standard heads. Not even close to the Sensitive soft bristle tips. If you have sensitive gums, I would avoid these.
It's pretty but the brush portion is very small and thin.
Not worth the purchase , hair was hard to work with. Would purchase of 1\2 the price..Page is misleading. Informed seller and their response was disappointing as well.
Seems to make my lips worse rather than better. Not worth the price.
I've always preferred unwaxed floss, but that's harder to find. Oral B had one that was larger and coarser and I really liked that, but it's not available any more. I tried this and I didn't like it at all. It's really slick so I had to use way more tan I needed, just to be able to get a grip on it. And being so slick, it feels like it slides over the food particles. So even after flossing, I don;t feel like my teeth are clean. I'm going to give it to my ex-wife. She uses it and likes it. So it won;t go to waste.
They hurt my fingers when i use them. Not of good quality.
Mass produced crap, might be good for Bigfoot, but not normal men's hair.
Not like it... I don't see any difference
It was great but stem broke of very soon after Purchase and cannot use it now.
I was very happy to purchase Kim Kardashian colognes: KK True Reflection, & KK for Women. I thought they'd smell great. The prices were great! But I was very disappointed w/ the True Reflection. The scent is so unappealing. KK for Women was a little better, but I won't purchase them again.
So I used this and broke out like crazy I'm upset because of all the good things I heard about black soap. I wanted to try something new and found out it wasnt for me. I have no prior skin conditions and this is the only difference in what I've been using.
looks great from the front but there is too much space between layers.
Does not get hot enough to curl barely gets hot enough to straighten hair. To bad I waited to long to try it out. Smh.
I like the ombre on these locs and how tightly coiled they are. However, after taking them out, I washed my hair to find out that the locs had left dye in my hair. My natural hair is not dyed, so I was surprised to see dye coming off my hair. Im not sure how damaging this is, but I take it having dye on you hair for a month or two isn't a good look. I ended up purchasing more hair before figuring this out. Since I didn't want to throw away six packs of hair, I did an ACV soak for 3 hrs followed by a 15 shampoo soak. Low and behold, dye filled my sink. Hopefully, I was able to get the dye out. I will install them tomorrow and give an update as to whether the wash made a difference. I just can't have my faux locs dying my pillowcases.
Mystic tan has an ok color but in order to get the best results you have to buy additional things such as a spray tan MIT. Can get pretty costly.
Been using the product for over three months. So far, do not see a visible improvement in any vertical or horizontal lines and wrinkles. Will it give it six months before abandoning ship.
I live in Dubai, so my skin is subjected to harsh weather conditions. Im having problems with my beard but this one made it worse. It made my beard really dry and it starts curling.
More difficult to use than just grabbing with your finger, but I used it for Invisalign so that's my bad. Maybe a retainer will pop out much easier.
I was really excited to put this on over regular nail polish but found it was too think and the nail polish pealed off. May try again with a thinner coat.
I wish the spoons had proper measurements on it, thats really annoying. I like the fact that it comes with a lot of pieces though. Overall its cheap set, I wouldnt reccomend it.
I'm a single dad who washes my hands a ton between cooking, cleaning and taking care of my young children. I live in the northeast with dry winters that cause my skin to crack and bleed. I had bought these so I could lotion up before bed and sleep in gloves, but these were too small for me to put on. They seem nice? Feel soft, but couldn't use.
it keeps temperature great, but the noise just too loud !
Very hydrating cream (almost too rich for my combo to normal skin) I like that the ingredients are clean yet the scent was overwhelming (perfumey) and will cease using it.
The fabric material generates too much static and collects all the hair crumbs. Will look for another brand...
did not like this. gave me a rash on my neck and would make my face burn a bit. but it did make it soft!
I am not convinced this is authentic J Beverly products. I only use J Beverly,I was looking to save more money, as this is an expensive line. I don't feel this was the top quality products I get from my salon.
Smells ok. Makes skin soft. I think that's about it. I didn't notice any help in the cellulite department.
Pleasant scent but not good on my hair. It made my hair heavy and flat. Not fluffy.
I thought this would be thick and make my feet soft, but I needed to use a LOT and not rub it in, then put on socks. Not what I was expecting but I guess you get what you pay for.
Missing items( mascara wands, microfiber sticks) were missing. I paid more for this kit because of the "items included" only to not get them. Not happy.
It doesn't work at all. Sorry. Thank you
This mist is the same classic scent of forever red when it was in the original package, but you get what you pay for this time. Where it used to be 22 dollars and lasted all day, this stuff has zero stay power. It comes right off clothes and skin. After 30 minutes, it was as if I never sprayed it on myself. Smells great, but for about 30ish mins. I Won't purchase this again.
It doesn't make my face feel moist for that long. Lotion pretty liquid. I like something thicker.
Product has a strong smell. Also leaves residue in hair. Will not be buying this again.
Much thicker than I expected, have to dilute to make it spray
Seems like a high quality product, but the color is NOT bright orange as pictured. Burnt orange at best.
It heated up ok, but didn't do anything for my straight lashes. I got a refund.
Theres no way that this hair is 100% human. Feels nice out of the pack, but smells weird. I washed it before install. I shouldve ordered medium size cap bc it was a bit too large and the lace did not lay like I wanted. After washing the hair, I found that it matted very easily and started to shed. I would not use this long term. I ended up cutting off the front lace completely and will wear a bit past my hairline instead of using wig hairline.
My lashes came in fine, but the magnetic strips were crooked, so it was impossible for them to attach properly. I contacted them about a refund or a replacement, and after their first response asking for my order number, they ignored my other attempt to contact them until the return window opportunity ran out.
While this is a great addition to your skincare routine for moisture, it does not help with the appearance of bags or fine lines at all. Have been using for four months with no great results at all.
This lipstick looks cheap. It is not rich in texture and fades away quickly. It is very bright red.
Consider I send back the razor. Can not rate these
Didn't really work for me
Bought this after seeing pictures online. My son was excited all week for the special rainbow bath bomb. Plopped it in the water and... white foam with some rainbow dye remnant. Turned the water a shade of brown. We were able to get something of a rainbow (about 1” long) by holding the bathbomb at the surface. But all in all a pretty disappointing experience for eight bucks.
I have no idea how the conditioner would have spilled out of the bottle. It's a thick liquid.
The fact it has zero smell. Tells me this is diluted or fake. Afraid to even use it honestly.
halfway through my can and I see minimal results.
The unit is powerful, charges easily via a USB cable and seems to run well and consistently. But, I dread using it as it seems to occasionally grab hair and tries to pull it out before it cuts it. It's quite painful. I'm a guy who is fairly pain tolerant. However, I'm looking for a different model to replace one I've had for decades that never did that. I should have tried to return it, but it's too late and not worth the effort. I am surprised that I'm the only review I've seen with this issue. Perhaps I got a rare defective unit.
the purple was missing, and 2 pinks added, NOT AS ORDERED
It dries your skin out and has a terrible smell. Don't waste your money if you already have dry skin or psoriasis.
Messy and hard to use. And smells really bad
These work great on thin hair. These do not do well on thick hair, especially African American hair. It pulled the little guys hair something awful.
The blades seem legit. However, the handle is a crappy plastic chrome immitation metal. It looks okay and weight is almost ok, but I immediately noticed it's not real metal like I used to get from them. Is this a knock-off handle, or has Gillette decided to make cheap / crap handles now?
It smells good but it does not work. In fact I think it may make me smell worse when I start sweating.
they are really hard to use, they are flimsy and don't keep their shape
The products are not labeled so. So I don't know what solution they are referring to in the directions. Does not come with eyelash glue
While it cleans well, it does not stay on your hands when you pump it out and most of the product ends up on the shower floor. The consistency of the product needs to be improved.
Very hard to get a white like the photo. Not good on dark hair.
Bought several colors - they all look the same.
Had to reapply and use several strokes to get the definition I wanted. Used up too quickly. Wouldn't buy again
You can find a better set of measuring spoons for sure.
The bottles and containers are very small and appeared to be larger in the photos posted. Wouldn't hold much product when traveling.
The shampoo maybe a bit old. Didn't do the job. For $13.99 I could've bought a regular shampoo
I like but wasnt my style
Mine came leaking and 3 days late.
I like this kind of clip but my old one is about 30 years old and my puppy chewed one of the ends so I ordered this one it looks the same but it does not work in my hair I have very fine hair and the plastic on this one is so hard that it slips and slides right out of my hair. My old one is more of a soft kind of rubber plastic where it grips the hair better and stays in place..
I used this product for a month and all it did was dry out my skin. I used the night cream and everything. I guess it just isn't for me. On to the next product...
It doesn't give you very many bubbles and the essential oils make the tub slippery. I worry about slipping and falling every time I use it. I will not buy it again.
I bought this for my wife, who is a cosmetologist. She needed the product. It works very well and it fits her styling chair. However, the perimeter has never lost the curl memory from the box it was shipped in. In other words, he we are months later and it still does not lay flat.
I order this in Jan 2018 and it didn't come until April 2018 That is crazy! Theb product it self was not what I exspected. Waste of Money!
Rather pricey and did not control odor and did not control the odor as well as it should. Will not buy again. Do not recommend.
Looks easy, but it's hard to use.
i never received this item
Bought this toothpaste a few weeks ago. It didn't really work as well as my usual toothpaste. I didn't really like the flavor of the toothpaste and I didn't feel like my mouth was very fresh after I brushed my teeth. Probably wouldn't buy again.
Made my face feel dry after using it
Its very oily.. texture of this cream os also not good.
This shampoo and conditioner made my hair feel greasy even though I used the shampoo twice and only put the conditioner on the ends of my hair (as directed on the bottle). The smell was not overpowering and was actually nice, but that is about the only good thing with this product. I tried the brand because it rated 0 on the Think Dirty app, but that was a waste of money. I will be looking for another shampoo and conditioner.
So when It came to my house the lid was completely broken on it so that's not very awesome giving two stars because the package was dameged
Was horrible stiff and hard i just threw it in the closet.
Price was way too high, about the same as any of it
Ive tried several of these stickers and this is my least favorite. The best ones are more expensive and I wanted to try cheaper ones. I guess you get what you pay for. I'd pass on these
Dont think it was hard enough
The bristles are warped and pull my hair out. Horrible quality, pay a little extra to get a nice paddle brush
Smells good, cleans fine. I made the mistake of rubbing some on my scalp. I woke up in the middle of the night to terrible itching on my head. The next day my wife pulled off the largest and thickest piece of dandruff I've ever seen in my life -- about 1mm thick and about the size of a nickel! Something in here feeds dandruff like no other - watch out my fellow Seborrheic dermatitis dudes.
Obviously, this wig is very cheap so i didn't expect it to be perfect. Everything about the wig is perfect — the color, the texture, the length, and the density. The only thing I dislike about the wig is the part. It is a middle part and it is impossible to part anywhere else. It is not a lace front wig — which is what I expected when I ordered it; however, there is some sort of weird white plastic right under the part that is painfully obvious. You would have to be albino for the part to look believable. Unfortunately, I can only wear this wig with a hat or if I style the top in such a way that the part is hidden. This was a big enough deal for me that I had to only give this wig 2 stars. If you're looking for something to wear out in public day to day, this is not a wig for you. If you're looking for an obvious costume wig, it's perfect.
I bought this to make roller bottles with my doTERRA essential oils. I am not going to be able to do this because of the strong coconut smell this oil has. I will stick to doTERRA coconut oil in the future- it has no smell and therefore mixes well with the oils without disrupting the aroma.
The bristles started falling out after a couple months.
It smells good. That's the only good thing about it. This product sprays on with a wet greasy feel the dries with a powder like feel. I have to use so much to make it work that it starts to turn my hair white and then it feels heavy and leaves my hair feeling even dirtier. To top it off it didn't wash out all the way after I shampooed my hair. Definitely one my least favorite dry shampoos I've tried. And it's not available for returns.
smells bad, and not as I expect
The directions to this product make it seem very complicated to use. Also, after reading through the directions and included information , I am about half afraid of what my hair might look like if I actually used it. So, I have two boxes sitting on a bottom shelf which will probably never be used.
Takes a while to heat up, but doesn't get very hot at all. I have very little wave to my hair, mostly straight, and this straightener won't straighten it completely. In my opinion, it wasn't worth the money. But the design on it is very cute!
Did not hold curl and very hard to use and mine came with no clips bad buy
Product does not effectively clean brushes - I used for several minutes and then hand washed afterwards with discolored water still coming out of the brush.
Doesn't last long. Changed batteries, but to no avail. Returning the product so we'll see how they honor the 2 year warranty. Also, there was no cleaning brush.
For some reason if i dont use them continuously the blade gets stuck and will not vibrate at all in order for them to cut anything. They get really hot as well if your looking to use them in a busy shop i wouldn't recommend being from this seller.
Not sure how to rate this. The product really works. How do I know this? I know this because I bought a disposable travel pack to keep in my car. My breath is 100% fresher. However, the pumps on the 2 bottles are awful. Don't buy this product in this format. it isn't worth the money.
It could be a great wig if u guys reconstruct it better the top of the wig is retarded the top is just not right but the hair style and feel of it is great that's the only reason I gave a rating cause if it was based on the wig construction I will say not Good
I haven't had any success with this soap. Weird because I use the wipes and they work great, I thought by adding the shower gel to My lifestyle it would help with the feminine itch. Perhaps I'm not standing around in the shower for a couple of minutes before rinsing is what I'm doing wrong. I will give it a shot before I give up. I really hate wasting money if I didn't follow instructions and it could have worked for me.
Pretty flimsy, not what I was looking for.
At first they felt the same as name brand. After a couple weeks though, the bristles were showing signs of wear and turning a yellowish color. I switched back to the name brand and will only use the remaining 3 if I'm in a bind. Not the worst but I would not buy again.
I love this actual product, but I've ordered the three pack of small tubes 3 times and each time I received the large 5 oz tube. THe first time, I kept it for home use and just ordered again. The second time, I returned it for an exchange but they sent the wrong thing again. The third time, I tried to return it for a refund, but since it was an exchange, it shows that I paid $0 so I can't get my money back. So frustrating.
All of these lashes are very shiny, stiff and straight. I double them up for a fuller look. These are good lashes for photos or stage, but in person and close-up they can look cheap. Overall- you can curl and mix/match or double up with these to improve flaws but it takes some time and work. Nice to have these around but I'm still going to splurge on my ardell 3D lashes!
Didn't last me long at all .. it would stop in the middle of me doing my nails .. but it's good for starting off !
The bottles are small, as for trying as a first time purchase it is acceptable. Yet, what wasn't is the colors I have SIX and two (2) grey are very close to the same as for two (2) mauve very close, this is unacceptable. THE colors aren't as represented on the site.
Ugh wanted to like this product but my very acne prone face did not do well with it :( if you don't get acne it's probably great !
works alright. tastes and smells absolutely horrid. it's tolerable at first but you quickly start to hate it. it only mildly improved my chapped lips. (accutane)
I am not a fan, it is not as easy to use if you have shorter hair. It might work better for shoulder length hair but I have not been able to get use to using it and have a much easier time with the Revlon Salon High Heat Hair Curling Iron Ball Wand and it gives me a much better hold.
The nails look very natural, but they fell off within a day or two, and the glue ruined my natural nails. Once I removed the nails by soaking them in nail polish remover as directed, my actual nails completely ruined underneath.
After 1 month of waiting, it finally came in.
Didn't work for as a suggested item when buying a shampoo and conditioner set. Both were bought on Amazon. I am keeping them to make soap mason jar pumps. Pumps are fine.
Has nothing to do a bout what they show in the video it's just a drying towel. .. I have a short and fine hair and I kept it on my hair for 20 min and my hair was still wait.
It was pretty good while it worked. A bit tough on the skin at first, but I (or my skin) got used to it fairly quickly. Battery also seemed to last a long time. Problem is, after using it regularly for about a year and a half, it stopped working. It doesn't seem to want to charge anymore.Won't turn on anymore either. I've tried to charge it back up numerous times. It usually beeps when I put in the charging cord, and a red light and green light come on, then the lights turn off and nothing else happens. I noticed that inside the hole where the charging cord connects to the shaver, there is some white stuff like you see when a battery goes bad. So I suspect the battery itself is just defunct. A shame.
The gloves are small and I have small hands so that is normally not a problem. The amount of cream is disappointing for the amount of money paid.
This 2 in 1 straightener has served its purpose as of curling my hair nicely, however, its titanium plates are clearly not 100% titanium and just coated in it because this straightener has completely fried my hair.
works well but does not last long surface becomes smooth quickly
The texture of this was nice, but it was entirely too sparkly for my tastes. It leaves your lips looking frosted.
Only received one Eucerin, not pack of 3, as advertised. Received 3-pack when last ordered.
I had a different brand prior to this, and sadly I wish I hadn't purchased this. Prior I was using a 30% glycolic solution. To say the least I downgraded only because I've never worked with this brand. The bottle is glass and the look is simple but clean. Application says to use a cotton ball. I tried that, but felt I needed more of the solution when applying and didn't feel anything on my face compared to a slight tingle. Didn't last very long, but it didn't do much either. Next time I will probably go to a higher percentage, vs this one. Otherwise they seem to be a promising brand.
I have tried this powder with many different primers and foundations. It always looks crepey and settles into every imperfection. I can't really understand why so many people like it. It really is just awful. Save the hassle and go with the maybelline mineral powder (talc free) . Been using that little gem for like 15 years and it really is just the bees knees.
I found this to be hard on my hair.
This towel came well packaged and I was excited to try it. I have curly hair and I've read a bunch of articles that talk about how microfiber towels are supposed to help define curls and minimize frizz. Unfortunately, I didn't notice any difference using this towel versus a regular cotton towel. Also it's just a tad too small for me (I have hair down to my shoulder blades). Wasn't what I hoped for.
I am basing my review on what it delivered. This may work for you, it does not work for me even with extensive and thorough prep. It operates as advertised, it has great suction. The kit is as advertised. It seems pretty well made. But the premise is that it sucks stuff out of your pores. I am guessing that whether it works for you is going to depend on your skin type. Maybe if your skin has more oil or perhaps more shallow or larger pores, it may work. For me, the amount of suction that would be required is not met and would probably bruise. Just things to consider. but because I purchased it to work as advertised for me, and it does not work for me, I have to go with 2 stars.
Just got mine in yesterday... Hair is extremely silky, color is perfect but the front is super thick but the back is super thin. You can literally see the cap if I move my head! Disappointing because the reviews were so good so i'm not sure if others have experienced this as well.
Didn't clear my son's acne.
I don't see much of a difference of this one than a drugstore brand. I tried it over Clinique and I think I will go back to Clinique because this one for not give as full of long of lashes
I had burns all over my face. It was horrible. Plus no change in acne. No thank you.
Brush head too big. Hard to use around teeth. Cumbersome. Bought for travel, but went to a regular sized brush head folding toothbrush.
Warning, this product breaks very easily so be careful where you place it.
I was waiting to review this kit until I had tried all 4 dip colors. For beginners, this kit is great. I found everything very easy to use. The issues I found were with the actual dip powders. Two of the colors were very nice and as promised. However the other two had white particles in the powder. After applying, the color had speckled white dots all through. Definitely not what I was wanting nor what was described. There is no way to get these white particles out of the powder. There are just too many. Therefore, these two dip powders are not usable. I reached out to the company, who acknowledged this was an ongoing issue, and promised a replacement had already been shipped. However I have yet to receive it and it has been 2 weeks. My nails last about 2 weeks before they start chipping. I think this could be a great kit but I am very disappointed in the quality of the dips and with the seller not following through on making things right. I won't purchase from this seller or this brand again. There are too many other companies out there that may have been quality dips.
Helped a lot with the dryness, but it broke me out. Used all of the products at once, so if it was just one product doing it, I don't know which.
Product came quickly in the mail. I really wanted to like this product. I saw reviews and decided to try it. I usually wear Estee Lauder Double Wear. I am oily. I need the make up to stay for 12+ hours. This product has amazing coverage, but looks cakey, did not stay in place, and settled in fine lines. I tried with primer and w/o primer. It just did not stay in place.
Smell great but absolutely no bubbles. Zero.
I really wanted to like this eyeliner. It went on thick, and looked great. After about 4 hours it was smearing on my eyes. I did not find it waterproof. Easy to remove with Vaseline.
My dental hygienist recommended these. They not only didn't work for me, but they didn't stay stuck on the gums either.
I like product & have bought it many times as a facial sunscreen. However this container was defective & came apart after I used it several times. Very disappointed as I have wasted lots of lotion.
Stupid impulse buy - what can I say. Save your money and go to your grocery store.
Nice diffuser but the oils do not smell at all
Can't tell what color is what unless you do a swatch test an cute it. The colors look the same while applying until it's cured
The bow itself was a cardstock material not fabric. My daughter said it was not very comfortable in her hair.
Love the product but I only got 2/3 of the content. More than 1 oz of oil spilled during shipping. Not thrilled about that since I paid for 4oz.
The sponge things are ok, but the twist things are awful.
I like Paul Sebastian's Design so I thought id give it a try but it is soooo bad my boyfriend asked me to PLEASE stop wearing it cause I smelled like an old lady! How rude! LOL
Made my feet itch. Had to give it away
Me and my husband love this product and usually my mom sends it to us from Europe, but since my husband is running low I ordered it first time from here. The product gets definitely 5 stars, but shipping gets 1... one of the bottles was broken and it leaked everywhere... definitely needs better shipping and I won't be ordering it again. This product needs to be bubble wrapped for safety.
I love this product but the review is based on packaging. The bottle was leaking and wasn't tight when it arrived. Also the pump doesn't work, so I will have to use the other pump from another bottle.
After 4 weeks saw no difference.
Wouldn't recommend this for anyone that has extremely thick hair
Not exactly what I imagined. They are super sharp and kind of flimsy or thin. Didn't grab hairs the best or like I expected and read in other reviews!
Doesn't do the job and pulls on my hair. Barely got 1/2 a curl
I can't believe the positive reviews I read about this blade. I've compared it with a dozen other brands, and it's the worst I've used. It tugs and yanks the hairs from the first shave to the last. They are not sharp, and I have to make additional passes beyond what I do with any other blade. I'll probably end up giving them away if I can find someone to take them.
sharp edges are too centered
The foil piece doesn't work well at all. And for some reason one week after buying it i changes the head and it didnt work at all. Im very disappointed in this product.
Not sure this even works. Other reviews stated you would feel a little sensation when rolling on your skin because of the micro-currents. I can't even tell if this is throwing off any micro-currents. It's supposed to be solar powered but couldn't tell you if it is or not. You get what you pay for in this case.
Did not do what it claims to do, did not clear marks on my face, waste of $45.00.
Sorry I been using this for a couple of months and it is not working
I love these lashes but.... they unfortunately haven't lasted more than a couple wears. I've bought several pairs and the magnets have fallen off of the top strip lash. My most recent pair didn't make it to the second wear :(
Does not work with every blow dryer. Keeps slipping of mine.
These are tiny or mini(not mentioned in description). If I had known they were this small I would not have paid $10 for just eight of them. I have to admit they do work.
I bought this based on all the positive reviews, but it didn't really do anything for me. I might as well be rubbing water on my face.
The space for the amount of brushes it holds is great. However, the case itself is cheaply made and the pink blotter inside came with ink marks on both sides. I guess the black from inside of the black case stained it. I hope it doesn't do that to my expensive brushes. Amazon was great as they ordered another for me and sent it the next day, but the case they sent had the same problem. Not well made and the blotter AGAIN came in with ink marks all over it. I gave two stars just for the amount of storage inside. Otherwise I would have given it 1 star.
Didn't really make my soft.
Don't order if you have a medium or large nose (nostrils). Waste of money.
I have thick, long hair and this product contributed even more to the oily scalp condition I already have. I use nothing but SheaMoisture products for my son so I know this brand represents quality products. I'll have to continue my search for the perfect shampoo for my hair type. My review has nothing to do with the shipment of my order as I was pleased with that aspect. Thank you.
doesn't work and makes my skin burn
I would not recommend this product. I used it for about two minutes and it left my face black and blue. It does an okay job getting stuff out of your pore, but I don't want bruises everywhere.
This item is ok but honestly doesn't shave so great. It will do for a semi ok once over.
I'm sorry but for me, these products were nothing exciting. My hair felt...kind of frizzy afterwards. Would not purchase again.
i bought this 5 months ago and it seems to have lost alot of power. Doen't blow very good at all.
Not totally the sent I expected
This product is noisy. I've had another innoGear difuser for a few years. It's larger and doesn't make the annoying sound this one does.
Impossible to get them on an even. Waste of time
This product left a huge hickey on my face and didn't suck anything from my pores. waste of money.
When I received the package the box was damages and the brush is not very good quality!!! Please see the picture!!
Nice smell. Softens skin. Didn't see anything different in the growth or thickness in hair.
the bottle was halfway open when I received it and all sticky from leaking in the package. This was supposed to be a Christmas gift and now it looks like I used it and regifted.
They unravel after a couple dozen uses. Less if you machine wash the ball.
really cheap and fell apart quick on my friends costumes
It's definitely not the same as they show you
I ran into a problem he was leaking
Does not work if you have small lashes. I would not recommend it. I understand that they have changed the magnets, but I am afraid to try again. An expensive mistake.
Scent is not as nice as in the past. Has an added bit of a chemical smell to it.
Was disappointed to receive a warped comb in undamaged packaging. Teeth on fine side of the comb were wavy when looking at it straight on towards the pointed tips. Was also thicker than expected which made even then undamaged side uncomfortable to use. Best part was the scent of the wood.
Gets very hot quickly. Lights not very bright.
The wax is not good. I tried it about 8 times and didn't grab any hair.
This deodorant just doesn't last as long as I had hoped. I don't want to bother with reapplying and I had to each day I used it. If you live in a cooler climate or never leave your house, it will probably work fine for you.
Doesn't smell like original Jane Carter citrus scent. Is somewhat sour as if it's a copycat from China. Beware. Buy from Jane Carter's own website or from The Vitamin Shoppe. Doesn't smell awesome as what I'm used to.
Love the color, but the consistency is off. Its goopy and doesnt apply smoothly. Definitely wouldn't buy again.
It did not help my skin.
Feels like glue and looks Orange.
I only used it twice and now it wont charge. I threw away all the packaging so I can't return it. Very disappointed.
Don't waste your money, cheap material
did not work for me. made my hair too greasy looking.
Seemed more fake cologne-y than anything. Didn't help with any congestion symptoms.
Pretty but doesn't last
Didn't peel anything off my skin
Not creamy, hard to scoop out of jar except in chunks, doesn't rub smoothly over skin. Oh well, I tried it.
The pen is easy to apply but the whitening effects are very effective.
Ordered the yellow and I received the white one.
After using five generous drops from the included dropper on my whole face all I had was a few flecks of glitter stuck to me. Not really anything illuminating about it at all. As a moisturizer it's just okay. Feels slightly tacky for a while but works well enough under makeup. I feel rather swindled over all.
Wife wont even be near me when I use this stuff and I get weird looks at work. The smell is overpowering. I got told I smell like dirt and incense less than an hour after a morning shower. I don't use any other fragrance because I barely have a sense of smell and didn't know. This may appeal to the hippy folks that believe in essential oils, but anyone else will think you stink and probably won't tell you unless you ask. Thanks for that guys. Is there an unscented version? I dont know if it works well because I simply can't wear it in public.
The photo shows 12 different dark colors - I received 3 pale green and 3 pale blue, white, purple, orange, hot pink, white and pale yellow. Not what I expected at all. But only $3.99 so no big deal, but why show an incorrect photo???
I bought this product because I had been using other organic argan oil but I am disappointed in this product due to its extreme odor. It smells extremely unpleasant. I tried to mask the smell with perfume and grapefruit extract but the smell still seems to come through. Will not be buying again, but I do recommend argan oil in general.
Thought I'd be getting a deal by buying a clipper and a t-liner. I thought wrong. The t-liner is fine but the clipper is another story. The side knob for controlling how short you want to cut never stays in place. Sometimes it slides all the way forward and just butchers your hair. I'm packing it up and buying a separate dependable clipper.
Didn't work to keep my edges down and often turned white. So wasn't a good fit for me.
Product was perfect but only 1 eyeliner worked. You couldnt turn the tube for the eyeliner to come out. I purchased 1 pack of 2 eyeliners
I absolutely loved this product when I got it in my Ipsy bag. I decided to purchase a larger size on Amazon since I liked it so much. Upon opening the box, all looked well. Then I went to open the container and the lotion was caked all over the sides of the container and it wasn't sealed in any way (which I found strange). Needless to say, I'm absolutely COVERED in hives and I'm itchy as all get out. I don't have sensitive skin by any stretch of the imagination, either. Not sure what the difference is between what I received in my Ipsy bag and what I received through Amazon... but there's a HUGE a difference in the consistency of the product.
I loved this dryer but it only lasted about a year before it broke.
This doesn't do anything. I got it for the size, to travel with, and left it when I got there. A waste of money.
I ordered mainly for the roller balls and was super disappointed. They are extremely hard to roll and the oil doesn't come out well, even after rolling them over and over to get them going. It helps to store them upside down, but I won't be ordering the roller balls again. The spray bottles and droppers work just fine.
So far it has not worked as well as the previous Spray It Curly that I purchased a few years ago. Did the formulation change?
I bought this because I absolutely love the sugar scrub and couldn't wait to get a shea butter lotion with the same ingredients to smooth on. Wow, was I disappointed. Not only does it not smell the same, it's extremely hard and difficult to get out of the container. I've had to use a knife or spoon to chip away at it, then try to warm it in my hands. And even then, there are still some tiny hard pieces left that don't melt. I don't know if it's an old container or if it's the way they made it, but I won't be buying it again unless they change the formula.
I returned these after I cut my husbands hair. They do not cut all the hair evenly. It leaves stragglers that I had to get my other pair of clippers to get at. Apparently they are not that sharp to clip the finer hairs. Also on the neckline it did not cut a great line like I'm used to.
didn't work for me at all
Normally I ignore the negative reviews to a point unless they seems to have alot of the same results. This product so far has been nothing but a $30 way to chemically burn your skin. I followed the stupid toothpick directions to a tee and saw 0 results. I tried the Qtip method and finally felt the product work but now I have Burns allover and still have skin tags. Why it it so hard for a company to make a product that works to get rid of these. I'm giving it a week if none of my tags fall off I'm sending this crap back and reporting them to the BBB for selling nothing more then a sham.
I liked the size of the bottles. I did NOT like that 3 of the 4 roller tops won't roll to dispense oil. Very disappointed that I can't contact seller but have to post such negative feedback.
Pros: pretty colors, good value for money, good for very small head circumference Cons: silk on outside of hat is softest (must flip inside out to actually protect my curls), very tight headband, too small for longer than shoulders length curls/hair. Overall: returning. Not a fan. There are better bonnets out there for curlies.
Um, when I used this I see bumps on my face the next day. So I think I have sensitive skin and my face just doesn't like it.
I tried this product for several weeks and while it felt good on my skin, it didn't do much for my acne.
Hard to use. I wouldn't buy again
They loaded with chemicals and didnt feel right using on skin.It makes my skin itchy .Didn't like this henna.They are not good for the skin and is not recommended for use!
the small brush broke after passing through the hair twice! the glue was way too light and did not hold. the brushes are way to hard and do not bend, making it not very enjoyable to brush your hair
I didn't care for the hint of mint scent
I have very fair skin and can be sunburned in as little as 15 minutes of sun exposure. I go through a lot of sunscreen. I've always just used popular, grocery store brands, but last summer my skin started to get bumpy after sunscreen application. I thought maybe it was from the chemicals, that my skin was sort of trying to reject the toxins it was soaking up from the cream. I've never had any other skin reactions to any kind of detergents, fabrics, perfumes, or any kind of substance, so I wouldn't describe my skin as particularly sensitive. Last month I was going to Italy on a dream vacation and needed to take sunscreen along, so I decided to try Goddess Garden to avoid all those chemicals in regular sunscreen. I also liked that it was eco/reef friendly. Unfortunately, while I did not get sunburned, it wreaked havoc on my skin. After applying it on two consecutive days, my skin became rough feeling and itchy, and my face was super puffy. I went a few days trying to stay out of direct sunlight with no sunscreen and the puffiness went down, but my skin was still feeling pretty rough. On day five, we were going out on a boat, so I couldn't avoid sunscreen. The puffiness returned and the roughness remained. So I went to a pharmacy and bought different sunscreen which I used daily for the next two weeks. The puffiness never returned and after about a week and lots of gentle exfoliating, I shed the rough patches of skin except for on my neck where it took about another week to fully clear up. My best guess is the minerals were just to harsh for my skin as I do not have eczema and have never had any skin allergies.
Not worth it. Chipped easily ..
Not happy because i ordered A 18 but i got a 16 inch ! Smh
These looked great but they were very difficult to assemble. Some items in this assortment were very time consuming.
This stuff would be awesome, but you have to have really smooth cuticles or it just gets stuck in all the sides of your cuticles, and then you have to pick it out. Did not work well for me.
does not get all hair out and legs do not feel smooth.
the regular clear bottle works better
These popped too quickly leaving my daughter's hair looking a mess within a few hours. I had higher expectations for this but they are disappointing.
Its nice and better than my previous gel but the shipping time is really really late which makes us mad.
I love the colors of the nail files, but they did not last me very long.
I absolutely thi thi has been tampered with not original packaging looked original until I brought it to a perfume shop and was told I was had. Already opened and started using it until I realized that
My brush literally fell apart right out of the leather casing. I was so excited about the case. I opened it up pulled out the fan brush and loved how soft it was. Then pulled the other brushes out and the top came apart from the handle. This is put together extremely faulty. The hair on the brush is soft and should work with my makeup.
These will do the job but they are very cheap, very thin plastic. I might worry about them breaking in a toiletry bag. The plastic is super thin. It's also not trimmed properly. There are sharp jagged pieces of plastic at the edges. The two ends are hard to put back together as a result, not to mention a little dangerous for kids. Like I said they do the job and were cheap, but quality is subpar.
If you're allergic or have sensitive skin or sensitivity to smell, skip this product.
Used other brands I wasn't impressed with the product..
i usually buy from them but this time it was not what i expected at all. Hopefully i can get in touch with hem so we can resolve but the curls were cut uneven, it was too curly , and really thin looking. I tried to fix it like the usually fixes for wigs but this was not the business. I don't like it at all and I really wanted this style.
I waited a week before writing this review to be fair. First off I find the smell off putting but maybe it's just me. The foot baggies are awkward and shallow with red tape to help affix but two couldn't even peel off. Following the treatment I soaked my feet nightly as instructed and there was no sign of peeling until day 3-4 but that was to be expected based on the other reviews and instructions. At first I was excited to see the peeling and then it wouldn't stop. The peels are comping off in small pieces that are getting everywhere! It's disgusting! On my sheets, in my shoes and socks, on the rug, truly everywhere. It's so gross. Not to mention my feet look awful. They are all half peeled off with strand of dead skin hanging off that won't stop even a week later. On a side note, I'm not sure if it's related or not, but I recently just got the biggest most painful blister on my heel. I think it's related to the peel mask because maybe it made the skin too thin on the heel and it rubbed it raw. I always wear sneakers without socks and I never got a blister like this until I tried this mask. I think the mask is a great idea and I'm sure if this peeling ever stops that my feet will be the softest they've been in years. But right now they are messy and the heel is painful. If I try this mask again I think I'll try another brand.
Straightens hair but pulls hair pretty badly I would return but I threw the box away
It smells really good. I personally don't feel it did much for my skin. It's very slimy feeling and leaves your shower floor extremely slippery.
Super thin. I need thick hair for my big head
The undereye patches are comfortable and somewhat cooling, but I noticed no effect on my undereye circles or puffiness. I'll finish the box and update post if they make a difference over time.
This cleanser was much too abrasive for my skin. I used it trying to get rid of a few pimples and ended up stripping my skin of all of its natural oils. This left my skin red, especially around the mouth area, my lips were completely dry for one week. My skin became so raw I ended up contracting a staph infection. I first thought is was just a few pimples but then realized it was much worse when it spread all over my face, the worse being my chin, where I focused most when using the cleanser. A simple three times of using this product in one week has become one month's worth of problems. I am now on antibiotics and lots of moisturizing because my skin has become so dry. I have my wedding in a few months, and now I just hope it clears up before then. I give it two stars still because not everyone will have the same worse case scenario as I did. But just be very aware if you have sensitive skin this may not be the product for you. I thought my oily skin would be able to handle this product but clearly this was much too harsh for me. There are three pictures of me, one when I first noticed there was an issue with me using this cleanser so I stopped washing my face with it. The next two are of my chin area about one month after I stopped using the cleanser. I did not post pictures of the rest of my face which also has red pumps all over, but nothing as bad as my chin.
I usually use this product, but the one I purchased from amazon is not the same with the one bought from store.
Not for oily skin. Doesn't work.
I would not use this product for the face as it is too abrasive. I use it for my legs occasionally before i shave. It works well for that but does stain the tub.
About all I can say about these is that they work. Then again I guess a chainsaw would be able to clip fingernails. First of all, the photo is incorrect, these are for another shaver and I had to use my existing combs. The actual blade heads did fit though, and work. Shaving with them was a different story. If you enjoy hairs being ripped from your face, these are the heads for you. I have been using electric shavers for years, but these blades were the most painful shaving experience I have ever endured. Stick with authentic Norelco heads. You may pay a little more, but it will be well worth it.
This gets 2 stars because I only got to use it twice before it stopped working. The shaver will charge, the light will come on, but nothing else. Very disappointed. Now it just takes up space in my bathroom drawer. Would not recommend, wish I could return it.
I love the pigment, but I've also read reviews on it, but I purchased any ways. 27.00 was expensive. I was so upset when I received it
This may be made with the best ingredients, but it permanently stains white shirts yellow. I no longer use it for only this purpose.
The product adds a little volume, but the hold is terrible, and my hair will fall flat as soon as I leave the bathroom. If I try to use more product I just rip out more hair not sure why but every time I style with this product my hair pulls out.
smells don't stay..!
Looks nice, shipped very fast. Have not had a chance to use the brush yet so I can't comment on the performance of the product.
defective supposed to send back but how can I if i threw the bottle away. If defective they should just send the bottle that was empty. instead of return the package
Let me just say, I've used this product before and its absolutely amazing. And i will be using in the future - just not purchasing off of Amazon. I used the product once, and the next day it wouldn't spray any product. I tried everything, and it was useless. Beware!!
The suction power is too strong for my skin but it doesn't work as well I expected. Black and whiteheads are still remain.
Everyone who knows me know that I'm obsessed with changing the colors of my hair. Used to dye my hair bright colors, but I had to bleach them every time to remove bright colors. The charcoals are great solution for having your hair bright without damaging . They work perfect on wet hair, you have to wait until your hair is dry for brushing. I use napkins to hold the charcoals and if I have color on my fingers I can easily rinse it . New information: Unfortunately I had to send them back, one of the blue collar stayed on my hair after washing ...
One of the toothbrushes stopped working after 2 months of use. Never had this problem when bought from a store. Now it's too late for a refund or exchange.
I've owned this razor for over a year now. While it does give a very close shave, especially with a shave lotion (hence the 2 star rating), the design for securing the blades is one of the worst I've ever seen. Inserting the retainer clips is such a frustrating endeavor that I often have to quit trying and just return to it later when I have more patience. Couple that with the fact that they often pop out while shaving resulting in a buzzing noise and an explosion of retainer clips and blades when you open the top to rinse it out after shaving. I can't recommend the razor for this reason alone.
Doesn't work that well even as a hair dryer.
Received no benefit from the cream at all. Perhaps it's an individual thing.
So, I'm giving the lashes 2 stars mostly because I can't put them on. I thought the magnets would be easier but that's not the case for me. I'm sure someone who is more adept at putting lashes on could master the process, but I'm obviously not that person. Sorry!
My daughter is 5 months old and these ran pretty small for her head. It's a great price and you get tons of colors, but I have to pre-stretch them for a few days before putting them on her head.
Was a little too curly for me
I used it twice so far, Its okay but not Great
it rain out of liquid after 4 applications..
I bought this frequently until I found out it has oxybenzone in it. That's a no-no. It's destroying our coral reefs and is forbidden in Hawaii.
I found that these did not foam up as much as toothpaste and I didn't really like that because I've already been told to brush gently so that I'm not wearing down on my gums. Was hoping to cut down on plastic use but these don't seem to work well for me.
With all the great reviews I thought this would be a great bath bomb. Instead I found these had little to no scent to them at all. They don't fizz very well either. They do have some moisturizing ability and some do change the water colors but it can't make up for the lack of scent in these things.
Not all that like the one my dentist uses ..was kind of hard
This is too difficult to put on and don't have the time neither paciencia to deal with them. I am too busy
I wouldn't recommend these. The bottles themselves are great but the nozzles are terrible. I've had one break completely and my others don't work right. When I squeeze the handle I have to manually push it out every time.
This didn't work for me. I gave it a second chance after a quick conditioning after shampoo didn't do the trick. The second try was at least 20 minutes under a cap with lots of conditioner and it didn't tone down the brassiness at all. On top of that the smell is just overbearing. I'm not adverse to scents but this odor is so strong and it lingers for so long that it actually started making me a little nauseous.
My wife and I both enjoy the toothbrush handle very much and found it to provide a really good cleaning. However, we both have found the brushes themselves disintegrate within a few weeks. Each time it has, I find it easy to gag or accidentally swallow one of the individual brushes. This is not an isolated incident and has happened with every single brush head that came with our purchase. Due to its extremely expensive cost for a replacement head, I would expect it to last much longer than 2-3 weeks before falling apart in my mouth. I will no longer purchase Sonicare brush heads and hope to have better luck with off brand brushes.
Not very pleased with this balm. It has a grainy consistency. The scent is just not very favorable either. Will not be purchasing again.
I didn't like the fact that the bundles are a slight different texture then the frontal the frontal got really dry looking after one wash , as well as the hair stink really bad where I had to wash it 2 times. Don't know if I would order again from this seller
Not very effective. Wouldn't recommend.
No way there is a week's worth of make up to try in this. I like that its organic and seems nice but hardly get a sniff of foundation.
I have bought this same diffuser as a gift for someone and it worked fine, but this one will only stay turned on for about 15 minutes then it will shut off. :(
Surprised at how small this bottle was. Also left our hair greasy feeling. Threw it out.
Suction didn't suck out any black heads, even the ones right on the surface. But the suction was strong enough to leave red marks.
These are very light weight tips, and the diamond surface becomes dull after one use.
Didn't really like this. Ended up throwing out. Much too drying for me.
Nice smell. Goes on nice and not greasy but did nothing for my pain. I have chronic pain before my last 3 spine surgeries with 2 fusions due to slipped vertebrae, bone spurs and complete spinal chord pinched so maybe I'm not the normal test subject for this lotion. Haven't found anything to help. Tried on my dry heels didnt do anything there either. I gave 2 stars for the smell and nongreasy.
Left a lot of residue. Not the best hold..not the worst. Wish I could return. Found a better product from different company.
Not sure if it's just me but I find this brush hard to use and I usually don't have a problem styling my hair. I read that this brush would put more volume into my hair when blow drying but I didn't share that experience. My hair was tangled into the brush and I didn't find additional volume added. I gave this 3 tries. I'm disappointed.
It does gradually lighten and barely reverts
I got them and they were all smushed. Only a few of them were useable.
Weak handle. Tried to remove smoke detector. Handle just twists. No strength to handle. Disappointed.
Waste of money for my hair type, maybe works for others better. I have less than 25% gray and no longer color my hair. No noticeable difference after using this product.
I was disappointed that I spent that amount of money for this product. It did make my lips shiny and fuller,but only for 20 minutes at a time.
The toothpaste tasted great. We love the flavor but it didn't seem to whiten our teeth. We'd but it often if it wasn't so expensive.
don't like it and I cannot return it, much too expensive this this crap
This was the best hair dryer I have ever owned. I always got professional results and no frizzy ends. Why two stars? Because my four month old hair dryer died! It just stopped working. I am extremely disappointed. I take good care of my belongings and expect things to last. Four months is a completely unacceptable life span for a small appliance.
Was not smudge proof nor water proof.
This stand is alright, it comes with this super obnoxious protective film that you would think would just peel off but it actually comes off in a million pieces and probably took me close to 20 minutes trying to get all of it off. Then it doesn't even go together very easily there was a couple moments I thought it would snap. Long story short it didn't actually fit together and it's super cheap quality and I don't really like it too much.
i think this product got to hot in shipment and there for its not working as well or it just is not that great.
There's a pretty serious design flaw concerning the back tension spring, holding the backrest in place. It will spontaneously drop clients in the upright position when they shift even slightly for comfort, and it scares the crap out of everyone. Happens at least twice a day.
The first night I used this it was great, the next morning my chest was wrinkle free. However, by the fourth Night the pad would hardly stick. I followed all directions about not using lotions, etc. I'm thinking of buying a bottle of body glue to see if I can extend the life of this product since the results were good when it did stick.
Really not impressed with these. They left a wet feeling on my feet that I didn't want to wipe on my carpet, plus there was no resealable option so they dry out quick.
The paint finish peeled after only a few weeks of use. Otherwise a good product.
Was so excited to get this hair! Waited all week! Took it out a beautiful box when it arrived. The hair was really nice just as I expected. Tried it on and it fit perfect. Then I colored it black to match my hair color, washed it in cool water, blew it partially dry on cool and braided it & let sit over night on my mannequin head.....hair still looked good with barely any shed. The next day I cut the lace and put the wig on, but it didn't fit! WTH!! As a matter of fact it was way too small like for a kid....I was stunned not to mention pissed! $100 + dollars gone down the drain! I will not purchase from this seller again.
Most of the clips are defective or missing teeth. They don't snap very well either.
I am fair to pale and rose shades look garish on me. I have a bit of coral/peach blush to tone it down. It feels nice in application.
I bought this in the hopes of slowly reducing the amount of plastic in my home. I was enticed by the coconut and lime...flavor...?? I'm sure they mean scent. When I received my new shampoo bar, I immediately went to take a shower. I was excited to put it to use! As I was rinsing my hair, I noticed it had a, sort of, sticky, stringy feel to it. I got out of the shower and applied some Sun Bum Leave In Conditioner to my ends. As my hair air-dried, it took on this slick, almost wet, dirty appearance. As if I had left either shampoo or conditioner in it accidentally. The more it dried, the more apparent it was. It also felt....thick, stringy, and coated. I decided that maybe it was the Sun Bum Leave In Conditioner; perhaps I had applied too much. The next day, I washed my hair again and, this time, I used my normal conditioner. After drying my hair, I was disappointed to see it looked the same way; oily, coated, stringy, like I had left product in it. Today is day 3 and I am giving it another shot. Still felt sticky and stringy upon rinsing the shampoo out in the shower. My hair is still wet, so I will have to see how it dries. So far, it's not looking good-literally or figuratively...I will continue to use it as body soap, so it doesn't go to waste, but this will not be touching the top of my head again anytime soon!
Unfortunately i've seen/felt no difference to my face. It's a good moisturizer but will not buy again. A little greasy even on my dry skin. I've used Origins for many years. I'm 65 who has dermatitis/eczema flare ups frequently. Origins is the only skincare line that has not irritated my face. Just disappointed in this cream.
I put it in my trays and on my teeth. It started to burn so I took it out and my gums were bleached. It was terrifying.
Agreed with others, my fault for not noticing that these are not full size cans.
This is really beautiful. Is really amazing for nails n the effect is to die for. But unfortunately I give 2 stars bc is way too much $ for the tiny amount they send which is ridiculous.
It does straighten your hair some white but it also smells until you wash it out
This shampoo did not remove orange from my hair, in fact, it brought back orange! It stripped the dark ash blonde dye from my hair and left it back in its orange state. My hair felt very soft in the morning, that's why I'm giving it 2 stars. But it did not tone the orange out at all, it made my hair even more orange. I will use it a few more times and if it starts working I will update my review.
No more magnetic lashes for me, they are heavy, they are frustrating to apply and way too fake looking, I felt so silly wearing them and I'm a makeup artist!
not full...too thin to wear...will not purchase again
I liked the product for the first couple weeks, but then I started getting new breakouts on my face. My diet was consistent and the only thing that really changed was the moisturizer I was using. Although, I can't return it, I stopped using it. I could not deal with the new pimple every day. It made my skin very oily and that is what I was trying to control to begin with. I am returning to my old moisturizer which never gave me any issues. But this is worth a try for people who are looking for an all natural cream. It does have a semi flowery smell to it. It didn't bother me at all.
My bath salts containers were all broken when I received them. They smell good though. I hope someone can rectify this mistake because I was so excited to use them.
They just didn't work for me.
This body moisturizer looks really good and it smells really good as well. However, it is not so good at moisturizing your body. I live at Southern California and it will get very dry during winter time like this year. This body moisturizer is so light that it will not moisturize your skin for the winter. After using it everyday after shower after two weeks, I still have dry skin on my arms, back, and legs. If you live at somewhere very dry or you need see the result in few days of use, you need to look for something else. This body moisturizer is good for summer time or somewhere with humid weather.
Just does not seem to work for me.
You have to practically scrub your face to get the oil off. I should have bought the blue ones!
Worked great for about a week and then stopped producing mist.
Texture is not up to expectation
Doesn't stick to your face or blend at all. Spend the money on RMS foundation. It's worth spending a few more bucks.
I ordered the goat milk lotion, 8.5 oz with pump. The order came quickly but the pump to the bottle was broken. I have tried to reach out to the company with no response, just an automated response from Amazon. The item can not be returned, per their policy. Unfortunately I can not find a replacement pump.
It works for the first three times we used it and then after that it quit working, I do not recognize men this one
The battery low lamp has not come on at all. I have used this razor everyday and charged it about every 3 or 4 days. It doesn't fit into charger firmly. I don't feel this item is as good as I had hoped it was.
not impressed. earplugs difficult to put in ears. create almost suction feeling . DOES block sound out well but caused my ears to really hurt. will not order again
Color was too dark for plum and was difficult to apply because it stained immediately. I prefer Cover Girl.
Got these for my husband and he says they feel like the blades have been used, they are very scratchy ! nothing like the ones you buy from retail stores which seem to be a lot sharper and smoother and don't scratch the face. Don't think I will be buying them again.
I received this product box was smashed and lid was loose on one bottle it had leaked out and was a mess. Had half of bottle inside plastic bag that held both bottles. Started to leak onto the box
The plastic bristles ( white and black) fall everytime you brush and also it's hard to clean the hair stuck inside without taking out some more bristles. My opinion the brush is not worth the money and is bad advertised.
This stuff is as soft as lipstick, making it impossible to use just a little bit and make a fine line
I used the file for the first time, cleansed it and hung it up to dry and it rusted over. Such a waste of money.
To small, flaked a lot
Mines stopped working after two uses
Wife got this for a Halloween. Only issue was it was reddish blonde......no brown in it. She used it anyway.
Not as advertised. They are nit 5ml
The cape itself seems to be good quality however, the neck snaps popped off while removing after the first use. I now have to use a clip to keep the cape closed. I would not purchase this item again.
Bought as a gag gift for a friend in Europe. Got lost. Offered to resend but it's been over a month already. Disappointed. Ended up getting a refund.
Way too expensive for what they are.
Not packaged well. Arrived broken.
Cheap packaging, frail device, no directions/get started tips, battery operated(?), and open-box new item. $10 value? Maybe, but not effective tool
Great idea. Says fits most toothbrushes. It did not fit any of my toothbrushes. Also, I could not find a switch. Maybe it turns off automatically, however, I will not find out since none of my toothbrushes fit
The hair masque does everything it claims- it softens the hair and makes it more manageable. But I lose a lot of hair when I wash it off. It seems like a good product, maybe just not suited for me.
Sorry thought for what it is was very cheaply made an over priced
I am struggling to continue using this product as it does not smell good in my opinion. I would also be careful not to spill this on any textile for fear of staining.
I'll find out next dental cleaning if this works as well as the original hose. I've got the pressure dial turned up all the way, which I never had to do with the original hose. For a little more money stick with the name on your water pik.
Not good at all... the friction from buffing nails breaks it apart almost immediately. Its not worth it at all.
I've ordered this product before in the past and it came to me perfectly fine. This time both Were completely broken off sir there was no way to even try to put them back on. And the product leaked everywhere. I would like to get ahold of the seller to ask them if they want me to send this back to them where it's going to be leaking everywhere. However, I am not able to get in contact with them so I decided to do a review.
It looks to fake, you can still use it during nigth , in the picture it looks diferent than in person
I like to leave these in my backpack for "emergency" tooth brushing, but they're not nearly as good as a toothbrush. On one hand, the product has a place (a bad toothbrush is much better than nothing!), but on the other hand, I wonder if there is an intelligent way for me to figure out how to bring a real toothbrush and toothpaste in a way where nothing will leak out. (I suspect that there is a way!)
I like the color, that's why I bought it. Gladly, color is as described. The reason I give 2-star is the awful chemical smell. Smells so bad out of the vacuum package. Have to air it several days before use.
Very hydrating and weighs hair down.
I love the scent, however, this deodorant doesn't work. I feel like I smelled worse using it than I would have without anything. I hate giving negative reviews, so I gave it two stars because it does smell nice putting it on. Just not after all day at work.
Screw was stripped when I received it and couldn't open to put battery in.
A whole lot more sparkly accent nails than nails with the gold stripe. Had to shape all them down to size to fit my nails. Not really impressed
They package has been opened before. The heads still look new, but the package was wrapped in plastic wrap. If you are concerned about buying pre opened packages, don't buy this product.
Bottle was dirty , didn't work to well after first week
I wanted to like this, but it just didnt work with our water. The bubbles were lackluster and didnt last. I went back to Mr. Bubble. I can imagine it would be a need for children with sensitive skin.
Sometimes you get what you pay for the hair tangled bad 2 days after I installed it
The wood is So smooth not lie. It's such a great feel to touch this brush Really it's not as long as it looks it's Med sized Length. Haven't used it yet but will update.update the brush is hairs are split in into 2 lengths so it makes it hard to pick up acrylic powder. Very disappointed thought the look was good but overall the hairs aren't good working
I was dissatisfied with this mirror. It did not magnify enough and I didn't like using the little round mirrors. It might be ok for some but I gave mine away.
I love this brand just not these type of stampers. I've had so many troubles using these it isn't even funny. I have tried all the tips and tricks it seems nothing will work. I will be returning these items. Also on top of it I only received 2 out of the 3 scrapers that you are supposed to get with this.
weighed down my hair
These look like extensions - not bad but I've used better. They're really super long so order shorter than you think you need.
I absolutely loved this product first time around. The second time I bought it, it had a moldy smell to it. Like the one where you wipe your body with an old towel that stayed folded while wet. Not a good sign of the inconsistency. Bought one for my mom who lives in a different state, and am not sure if she got a moldy smelling one herself because she won't be able to tell the difference. She's never used this rose water. I returned mine. Perhaps the storage area/truck this shipped on was too warm? Not planning on risking buying another one then having to ship it back if it's moldy again.
Being so flat is really nice, but if you keep it in the pouch (with a snap closer) like they recommend, then it not so small. The blades do not feel any sharper than a $3.00 pair of clippers from the grocery store.
I bought this so I could do my makeup at my kitchen table. The stand has got jammed and doesn't work well. It constantly comes apart. I will buy a different brand shortly.
Kind of runny which makes me think it is watered down. My first wasn't this way.
Not really very good. Pretty much removed eye shadow. Didn't get the mascara - I only use one coat, so it's not a lot. The pads didn't seem moist enough - maybe a bad batch? I switched to micellar water. As an experiment, I cleaned with these pads, then went back over with the micellar. The cotton pad I used with micellar had more make-up on it than these pads. To finish them off, I'm using these as pads for the micellar.
Didn't like the smell
This product is not very easy to use. I would prefer sometime that sticks and peel off upon completion. Good idea, however I do not feel I have the skills needed to use the product.
It takes forever to soak off the nails. It smells nice, but it's not strong enough to soak off gel nails in less than 45 minutes. Pure acetone is much better.
Smudges, doesn't last long, and looks super odd on my waterline. I use white liner to make my eyes look a little bigger, but for some reason this specific liner looks really, really weird. It doesn't look natural at all. Not for me.
I'm a big fan of the lip balm and it's hard to find in stores, but the package contained 8 tubes that all expired last summer.No wonder it was so cheap!
It was very messy and leaves a bad residue on your lids. I can say it holds well but it rips out my eyelashes so i stopped using it.
I ended up returning this item because it did not effectively transfer on larger pieces. We tried desperately to get it to transfer and followed the directions perfectly but only the small pieces (like around the size of a credit card) actually transferred. Going to look for an alternative.
I had a bottle of this and it was running out which is why I purchased it however, it doesn't smell the same..not sure why.
They are too hard. I need to order soft toothbrush later. Too rough on the gum while brushing. Med brush.
Beautiful colors but they don't show up well on dark skin without heavy application AND the use of an eye primer.
This was just fine and so convenient as it was cordless. And then it quit holding a charge. Now when I use it I have to keep pushing the power button because it doesn't stay charged. Disappointing.
It did not do a thorough job as advertised.
Colors are beautiful but they are not holographic
It looked like someone already opened it & I hated the way It looked on the skin not for me very oily
The hair is okay for the price..the closure is horrible texture wise, very stiff and brittle just doesn't feel the same as the bundles. Not the best quality if you want this hair to last. Had the hair in for about a week and looks dry and still all around. I bleached and dyed the hair and it took a while to get this red. I'm a licensed Cosmetologist and not sure if this hair is 100% human.
Love Bumble and Bumble, however I don't think what I received from Amazon was the same as from the manufacturer. The one I received dried out my hair and hurt my scalp. Not buying here again. Order from them direct. Learned my lesson not to be impatient. I tried to order here to get quicker. Not again
A lot of product for price, made me break out though. Be cautious
The spraying function is too narrow. The spray is immensely strong, while shooting very straight. It is hard to spread the spray out unless you have someone doing it for you from farther away that your own reach. Due to the strong spray and how narrow it is, the spray is too concentrated in one portion of my hair. It would be easier to spread out the hair spray equally in my hair without using too much if the spraying function is weaker.
Didn't clean up good and it broke as soon as it dropped.
I was super exited to get this kit but the clamp is a huge disappointment. The head and accessories are decent but the ball on the clamp want even fit into the whole ?!?! I tried to force it in but it want budge. I guess u get what you pay for.
This product is not buildable. Does apply well with water. Does dry white
This product wasn't what I expected. I think that I wasted my money. It came on time however it wasn't what it was promised. The pencil is not waterproof and is really equivalent to eyebrow pencils valued at a dollar anywhere else.
the polish is really cheap......
Bottles were only half full
Do not absorb water. I noticed most reviews talk about how flimsy the button and loop are. That is something you can fix with a needle and thread and ten minutes. But you cannot make it absorb. So kinda useless. I didn't contact anyone for a refund because it was a gift from my daughter.
The pinch strength on these is way too strong to be used for pinching the C-curve. It also doesn't open far enough to use on most of the fingers.
This product creased horribly on my eyes and definitely did not help my eyeshadow stay on.
I was excited when it arrived. Putting it together however was a NIGHTMARE. The instructions were very limited & torn when the chair arrived. A part of lever that pumps the chair up was installed backwards. The chair has all types of dents due to the crammed way they packed it. Not pleased. And to top it off its super flimsy. I know I'll have to replace it soon
The first one I received was great,I used it for massage for myself and clients to relieve inflammation but the double pack was not as potent, it didn't have any cooling or heating ability.
I didn't like the scent. It smells like something I would put in my hair
I love the brand kiss nails, however, do not order from this sender as they sent me the wrong colors twice. Whoever is sending them out really needs to pay attention to which color was actually ordered.
This Product stopped working after the battery ran out and within 1 year of purchase. Good product but will not last.
I have a 29w charger and with this cable it feels like I'm using an out of the box iPhone charger you get from Apple. Now I'm too lazy to call, ask for a refund and send this back. Rip.
Came today in a beat up looking manufacturer's packaging with after market tape holding it shut, and one of the products is missing. I got 5 of the 6 products, and of course this is a gift for a shower...WTH.
I like the bits , they are pretty good. But one of them came broken..
Smaller than expected
It looked amazing after the first wash. But only lasted for about 4 washes. Don't buy.
No spray cap on the bottle hard to get the product out
It must have leaked during shipping because when it arrived the package had a strong scent of tea tree oil and it was filled only a little above half-way.
Good color but still strong smelling. And very little bottle for the price.
The delivery service was very good. As for the effectiveness of the product and its results on me, it did not have any effect on me. The mask was not very adherent on the skin.
I am sure that this product might be good for some people, but not for me. I now make my own that works wonder for me.
The description says Light/Medium but it is LIGHT. The sticker on the back from the vendor says Light/Medium but package itself says LIGHT!!!
The lashes themselves were beautiful. However, the rim is too thick and doesn't form to eye shapes. These lashes are not flexible whatsoever, and it looks like I'll have to donate these to the trash since i have no further use for them.
doesn't seem to remove much of anything.
Too small to be useful for adult size hands.
Needs to be more flexible, hard to get on properly
It was alright but the clear string doesn't get tight at all
It feels like I didn't even receive matching pairs of eyelashes. They're not great. It didn't even come with its own glue. Wouldn't buy them again. I've tried walmart ones that were way nicer quality.
So far I can only give two stars. The glue is great and I love the tube and brush for it. The tape is invisible and I cannot feel it at all. The two stars are because the pink poker hurts (plastic). And I can't get the skin to stick together because the plastic poker sticks to the glue and the skin pops back out with the poker.
Arrived late and damaged/opened
I have had this jade East Cologne for several months. It does not smell exactly like the old Jade East, very disappointing. It does not hold it's cent like Jade East did. I loved Jade East and wore it from about 63 to 67 until I could no longer get it, then moved on. I still wish I could get the real stuff! I waisted my money on this as it just sits on the bathroom counter. I do put it on every now and then but it does not last long enough to hardly get out of the house.
Not really doing anything for my brows.
Loved this product until it stopped working two months after I started using it.
I have ordered this product be ore and have been satisfied, but this past order, the mascara was dry and hard to apply and hard to remove
did not fit as expected and there are loss tracks as i took it out to view it :( before i placed it on my head.
The ring part brome in just a month and revealed it was made of cheap materials. You get what you pay for.
The brushes were not as soft as I thought they would be but they are OK. Good quality for the price.
Can't complain with the quantity you're getting for the price. But this is one of those items where I'd prefer quality over quantity. The Fragrance only lasts but a few minutes which in my opinion for the scent this cologne has is perfect because the smell isn't pleasing at all. This Cologne literally reminds me of every dentists whenever they are drilling into your teeth... Literally the same taste you have in your mouth whenever you are getting your teeth whitened to drilling for a cavity. It is very identical to that which IMO is not good at all.
I think the plastic is too thin. difficult to use
I ordered two Fireball Red tubes, I got one Fireball and one Cupid Pink! ?? And I could not find any way to contact the seller to let them know that they made this mistake. It would cost me more to return than to just keep the wrong item -- so irritating! So, I'm giving 2 stars for getting the wrong order. Otherwise, Fireball red is a nice color, and mixes well with Velvet Eggplant (which I already had - though be careful when mixing the two, the Velvet is quite dark). It would have been nice to have the second tube of fireball to mix the colors more the way I wanted to...
I'm really bummed. I was excited thinking I got a good deal read the good reviews but this product didnt work. and tended to hurt my teeth 😔
I love Burt's Bees products. No complaints there. However, when this 2 pack arrived, one of the tubes of chapstick didn't have a cap. Seriously?? How does this even happen?
Just doesn't have the power that it needs. It works, but I have to move it very, very slowly. No matter what battery I use, it always sounds like it's on the brink of death. Cannot use it with any of the attachments because it cuts nothing. ☹️
Due to the part of the name that said (Pack of 3), I assumed I would be getting 3 of these packages. I only received 1. I ordered because $13 was a good price to pay for 3 packages, but a terrible price for 1. You can get one package at Walgreens or Ulta for around $5.
Not so great.....one of the jaws of the nippers broke on the very FIRST use!!!
Seller sent in poorly cushioned bubble envelope. The concrete bowl was crushed on delivery.
Shampoo bottle came with about 1/4th missing. So even though it's advertised as “30 something percent more”, it's not.
doesent cut very well doesent seem to be too sharp
Two of the pieces arrived smooth and are acceptable for use. However, one piece has nicks and chips in it, can't use that against my skin. Lesson learned I should have spent a little more and invested in better quality pieces. Too much of an inconvenience to ship back. I just won't purchase or recommend tools from this company again.
It worked great for about two weeks. I went on vacation and took this with me; as I began to use it like normal in the hotel, it began to spin for about 30 seconds on the first speed and then suddenly it just stopped working. I tried to press the button multiple times to try and turn it on, but no luck. Then I plugged it in and left it for the day. I came back about 6 hours later and tried to turn it back on to start my night routine. Still, nothing. It was not the wall outlet as the hair dryer worked fine on the top outlet that the spin brush was plugged to, even so i did try to charge it with my computer. This time I left it for about 7 hours while I slept. I tried to turn it on again and it still won't turn on. Not sure what happened but BE WARNED.
I was so excited about these. Like, thinking about them all day at work excited. I have been breaking out with whiteheads much more then usual and the reviews looked promising. I put about 15 of them on the first night. Some I did probably place inappropriately- on blackheads or pimples that were still too deep. However, the majority were placed on red-around-the-edges whiteheads that were sensitive to the touch. Only one of the dots had a white spot in the morning. When I took them off, only one pimple looked any different than the night before. I was super disappointed.
They really didn't stay on. Disappointed.
The tips come off the ends.
Nice brush if you want to brush off your tux. It's so soft that you could use it on an infant. I guess it exfoliates microorganisms because it sure didn't disturb any of my old flaky skin cells.
May be edible but it's certainly NOT tasty
Great but buyer beware screws are where handle connects to front of dryer is weak.. ours broke and all dryer insides came out. I only use dryer about once a month.. natural hair 3b texture... it's really sad I loved this dryer..
I will not be buying this eye liner again. It runs and is hard to apply. The color is nice but takes a lot of effort to get right.
This is a tiny little tube....I know they say how much you get but I just didn't realize what a tiny amount that was. Very over priced for what looks like a sample size! Works fine, just like many others for much less money!
I was expecting so much more with this product and was completely upset. It claims to be a professional grade but it's honestly not. I feel that my Dollar Store nail remover purchase is almost as effective as this is. It also is extremely dry and dries out the skin on your hands and toes from using it. Definitely not professional-grade
I should have measured...I wanted a storage/carrying case for travel, the case is thicker than it needs to be and therefore takes up too much room for my purpose. It could have been at least an inch thinner and still hold the same amount of lipsticks...
A double zipper Ziploc bag would have been much better at preventing spillage than the cheap plastic container used. I have more Shea butter outside the container than within.
i love the product but they sent me the wrong one! i dont live in the states so couldnt return the product for the original one i bought. SO DISAPPOINTED!!! i was eager to try out my new product! turns out the one they sent me is too dark for my skin stone. i wish and hope they can fix my problem. so disappointing!
Tore in different places in 1 week. Not good quality. Glad I ordered two just to make them last.
Leaves hair feeling waxy.
very difficult they are hard to keep even. Easy to take off.
Not a fan of this deodorant. I wanted to try a natural alternative to my regular deodorant but after every use, my underarms felt sweatier than usual. I don't think the coconut oil is helping either.
I bought this before my trip to Europe, and it only lasted for the first week, and than on of the bottles caps broke and everything spilled in my bag.
Handle broke off after a couple months
I was hoping for a floral fragrance since it was called Persian Garden. Unfortunately, to me, this had no floral scent whatsoever. I was so disappointed, and since I couldn't return it, I threw it away.
It was wonderful. But stopped working after 2 months.
Doesn't look like the picture bought it for my wife the hair wasn't 100% human hair it was synthetic hair would not buy this one again but good for people who learning how to braid!
Upon receiving this and opening the amazon package, the bottle seemed to explode in transit and a lot of liquid was in the bag. It smells great but now I paid full price for an exploded bottle
Box was smashed color wouldn't even come off my brush and had a terrible smell and feel
I've been on the hunt for the perfect disposable toothbrush flosser with a pick. This isn't it. The bristles are ineffective. The silicone bristles are in a ball around the end and MUCH too soft, which is wrapped around a tiny ball of possibly the strongest-tasting mint known to humans. You have to bite the tiny mint ball, then try to brush with the bigger bristle ball, which is only about 2/3 the size of a plain M&M, if even that large. The floss and pick work fine, but nowhere near enough to make up for the awful brush design. I've ordered more of the Scope Outlast disposable brushes and will put the remaining unopened pack of these in the battered women's shelter collection box. Or maybe throw them away. Those poor women have been through enough and don't need these foisted on them.
I love dry shampoo and have used plenty of different brands, it didn't work for me even on clean hair it just sticks to your scalp no matter what, I prefer spray form?? I was turned off by the brand being that this one just didn't work out, I don't think I will buy again.
They show it in the pics, but it's not on my bottle. This is important to me and I'm disappointed.
Just looks very fake no matter what you do. The hair itself is great, just too thick and its too blunt cut for me. I wish I did not have to return it.
Nothing I've tried (heat, length of saturation, even pre-lightening) made this color stay in my hair. Two washes and it's gone. This should be listed as temporary color.
Had to return them. I did appreciate the rapid refund. These tools are inconsistent across the board with quality. I would not recommend purchasing them if you are a professional who needs them for quality fast application. They do not grab the lashes and are unevenly filed and produced.
The view of the ones on the feet most definitely look white. The ones delivered are blue.
Didn't like the smell
This product feels cheap, case is light. Hard to access battery compartment and shaving head falls off easily. Not sure this product will last long. Very disappointed in the quality. No battery was included as was indicated on the pkg. Almost feel like this was a knock off or refurbished. I works for now.
Have not used it yet
not a very good quality wig...only wore twice and its already mangled
It's cheap. Doesn't last more than a day and the polished and stuff to make the nails doesn't rlly dry for a rlly long time.
Fake looking and tight
I really liked the idea of it but it didn't work out for my job, kept knocking it off my hardhat. Should've kept my money..
I was so excited I found a 'wet/dry' brush that included boar bristle. Boar Bristle is the only type of brush that has ever been used on my hair (60 yrs). My hair is extremely long, pleasantly thick (although others have thicker), I had brushed it out about an hour before receiving this new article, pretty much tangle free. Unfortunately the first time I used this brush, it started falling apart. - see the pictures. 4 of the plastic bristles and 1 boar bristle I found on the floor or hanging from my locks. I would love to keep this, but how many uses will I get before it has totally fallen apart. I must return. - Sad.
I did the first 2 one hour strips. My teeth feel very sensitive. I'm not sure I will continue using these.
It's not a great wig. The fiber is nice but the hair is thin and the hairline is brutal.
It's a cheap razor and doesn't really give that great of a shave . Stopped working after a month and would not recharge
I ordered brown beads, but they sent black and the bag they come in even says brown.
Their should be a easier way to get them out the don't just pop out the pen u have to individually pick them out
I purchased a roller-ball of the Nirvana Rose, when I heard it was being discontinued. I have one from Sephora as well, and noted that that one smells more intense and has more lasting power. I compared the labels and found the print to be more sloppily applied, but other than that, it was the same info as the one from Sephora. So, I don't think I will buy again, could be a "second," or an older roller-ball, but not as good at the more pricey in store version. I'll add photos later.
Ok for price, don't last too long for me.
Just ok. A lot of similar colors
This deodorant smells terrific and does not cause irritation. However it also clumps up entirely, causing it to just rub itself into my shirts rather than stay on my arm pits. Also it doesn't provide any sweat blocking. This would be good for someone who shaves their armpit hairs or wears baggy clothes.
No as good as I would of liked, bends really easy while cleaning teeth..
This is pretty wimpy as far as diffusers go but it's really pretty and has a wide range of colors. It only runs a few hours with 5-6 drops of oil. Better for a smaller room
It came out in a few washes
Came highly recommended by various kbeauty bloggers and Reddit. I thought it was okay but didn't blow my socks off.
This material is extremely prone to static charge and the hair clings to it.
Very cool color, but I wish it was packaged with more care. The bottle was busted, so it was covered in green dye staining my hands.
Just received today. I've had the light on high for 3 hours and the wax won't melt. The bulb isn't hot enough.
The product works well, nice feel and weight - just a big disappointment that the 'metal' cover on the end that is screwed in was cracked. Returning for a replacement...
The product works fine but the squeaking is extremely irritating.
Great sudsing and cleansing qualities but it's a huge no on the Early to Rise scent.
Good for eyeshadow but made my eyes burn while taking it off and for glitter it didn't hold up well
Works well but leaves dusty white on black lingerie, which is the very reason I tried it (trying to find an alternative to powder).
Good flavor, good product...just a really small jar. The normal size jar I usually see this brand of bouillon in is on the right of the picture. A bit expensive for the price. The only reason I would buy again is I can't find this brand for sale anywhere else right now.
This product did help to clear out my skin a little, but not as much as I expected. Not disappointed because I know my skin doesn't usually take to just any product. I do like using the soap on my body because it makes me feel a lot cleaner for a lot longer than traditional soaps.
My bottles leak. I've tried multiple sprayers and switched them from different bottles and they all leak standing upright. Not buying again. My product is being wasted.
My order came with a mix of mascara types. I ordered waterproof and received it plus non waterproof which smudges when wet.
The head is small and has a lot of breakage prior to using it. Has a nice consistency if hair though. Arrived quickly!
I like the idea and it really does help but it is really rough and painful on my delicate underarm area. Also, water gets stuck inside the brush every time I use it in the shower and doesn't come out on its own so that's a little inconvenient for me.
Vendor is working really hard to correct issue with thin hair. Will update once vendor corrects issue. Great customer service.
The magnets fell off the eyelashes within minutes of application- I am going to use eye glue to still wear them but disappointed
Stopped by TSA too large did not pass security in Florida
good skin smells great
Not easy to apply because not as smooth as regular chapstick, and has weird odor that's different than the sunscreen of same brand. 3 star because it works for sunscreen on your lips and is reef safe so it's good to put on before snorkeling or diving. It's effective for what it is needed for.
No lip mask included.
So I have never bought a wig before, this one is really realistic looking, so I'm happy about that! The cap is prett small and snug fitting and the tracks show in the back, but overall it looks and feels like real hair. Might try taking the braids down and straightening it like I've seen others do, but overall pleased.
Dead skin began to come off on day 3. Maybe I have "good" feet, but not much came off. I was expecting more. I was left with several areas of "thick" skin. There are many brands of these, maybe the brand makes a difference.
Really liked until it the key ring pulled off
I will use these two up, but the smell of both are too strong.
These are nice but a little tight for my thick hair.
This is my first review of over 100 items purchased. Seal was broken and product appeared to be old. I've used it for months and it works fine.
Love the scent (smells like root beer to me) , as many reviewers have posted, but my hair is a little bogged down when i use these products. Nice for a change every once in a while, but i can't use them day after day. I have to use another shampoo to remove the residue. Healthy shine, but not for everyday use in our house.
I know this is fake but I wanted a fun case to use when I carry my LV purse. I change phone cases and phones and didn't want to spend the money on a real LV case that I won't have for long because my phone gets updated. This works.
I'd like this better if I could purchase the cedar spice separately. The only way I've seen to get it is to by a 2pack with the birch wood scent.
I regularly purchase this lip gloss, but this was the first time I purchased it online rather than in a store. I don't know if that has anything to do with it, but every time I use this on my lips I end up with a line that runs around the inner part of my lips. It appears approximately 30 minutes to an hour after applying and I have no idea what causes it.
Took this out after a week... very course and knotted very easy. Giving 3 stars because the issue is personal others may not mind..
Good reach. The pick took is sturdy. I'd buy again if the floss was able to glide better and do so without fraying.
This is my second time buying this hair and I can say that I am a little disappointed in the second round. The hair wasn't that much of a wet and wavy texture like the last one I bought. The hair shedded especially when it was wet ( I didn't experience it the first time) I only had the hair in for two weeks and I'm already taking it down. So you get what you pay for.
Went on easily but to much of an orange tone for me
The concept was good. The problem is when you try to connect the magnets one at a time, they are so powerful they all snap together at the same time,away from the eye. Not just this brand but others as well. Being a trooper, I was determined to make these things work. I refuse to spend another dime on individual lashes. I even tried cutting them. After being frustrated for over week, I gave up. I can't imagine how some women are able to apply these lashes. I guess they don't work for everyone. I must admit they are beautiful lashes though.
not really sure if it does anything. May be staining my towels as well.
But the plumper made my lips actually sting!
The bristles on this brush were a little soft for my liking. Returned it for a refund.
For a Asian man, I feel this wouldn't really suit me. I guess everyone have their own personal preference in scent. Might suit whoever is reading this review tho. Might.
It was a good price but it didn't help me but I am still using it so I'll update when the whole things is gone
Lotion feels good, not greasy, and smells vey nice, but packaging leaves much to be desired. Much of it was in the bag when t arrived. Seller needs to fix this problem.
Three functions, the shaver is not that good, still able to shave with it but not as clear as I expected but it's ok. The razer is perfect, I would rather us this one as razer than shaver. The nose one i didn't try yet, but it should be fine.
The concept is good; just wished the entire strip would be adhesive. The ends do not so as such that area is slightly raised and knowing that was the case, I found myself constantly feeling it to ensure it wasn't obvious and sticking up. My first use was on the collar of my denim jacket. I will try another brand next time
Good bag, a little smaller than I thought it would be
Seems ok but they sent me the wrong color. Ordered black and got chestnut. And label says teeth whitening
I didn't see much of a difference and it was pretty sticky
Ok for what it's worth, I guess
This is not long lasting as its said. You can buy non long lasting for better that give the same quality and scent. How do I know this? Cause I have tested in Ulta and they have two different types each yield different scents and price. At Ulta long lasting does last longer.
I tried it a few times. Quite honestly, I got better results with Dove Sensitive. It didn't keep me as fresh.
I found that it ended up damaging my pimples when it came to removing the patch. This caused more pimples to form.
the brush is flimsy so the lines are hard to make straight, otherwise it stays on great!
Its just okay to me. Didn't hate didn't love it. Its kind of flimsy.
I've been using it for a couple of weeks, and haven't noticed a very big difference yet... I'll keep at it and update my review if necessary.
My item arrived today and half the bottle was empty. It had leaked into the packaging. I looked for the sellers email/contact info to contact directly but was unable to locate any even with their 90 day satisfaction guarantee.
I have had this epilator for about 5 months and have used it approximately 10 times in total. This product is my first epilator so I can't compare too much to others. However, as many other reviewers here I have had the same issue where the first few times I used it the battery lasted a long time. Now, it will only epilate for a few minutes before I have to put it back on the charger. Unfortunately, you cannot use this epilator while it is plugged into the charger, so it is kind of frustrating that you can't just power through and get the epilating over with in one sitting. With that being said, it does a really good job of actually epilating. My leg hairs grow quickly, so I have to epilate once every 2 weeks. This has been an okay first epilator, but honestly if I could send this one back I would. I will probably buy one in the future that will work while it's plugged in so I don't have to wait in between charges to use it. If you are looking at purchasing this epilator, please look into other epilators that will actually work while charging. Don't make the same mistake I did!
I love this wig. It's heavy and I like tht it mimics my natural curls but I have having leave-out cause the part is so tiny, I tried tweezing and making it wider but like it's still short. It's a nice wig for a hat or leave-out, but make sure you're willing to pin the back up cause you'll need a lot of leave out for this to look natural
I am a big Essie fan, especially their gel line. However, this color goes on really thin in my opinion. At four coats, it still didn't have the professional coverage that their other gel colors have. This has a lot of sparkle to it, which makes it go on a little less smooth. Not my fav.
The deodorant smells good. I was hoping for it to be effective but just like any other natural deodorant doesn't work. Especially in summer it works for 1-2 hours and then you need to really or your underarms will smell bad.
it's a white cream, so far so good needs more time to know for sure
My skin's sensitive, this moisturizer doesn't burn usually but it leaves a residue on my face and isn't as moisturizing as I'd like
Using it as body wash, but the scent is a little off from the perfume.
These used to be great, but all the do now is break the hair instead of pulling it out.
The pic is deceiving. Keep in mind these are small, thin elastics. I use them for the end of braids (thicker braids, not small enough for cornrows or anything like that). But you DO get the quantity shown of 36 ea.
I haven't worn mascara regularly for quite awhile til now. I love it... until my eyes get wet from tears, sweat or whatever. Will likely finish this container, but will look for another natural product when time to replace it.
They don't have any cushion on the ends of the headband, and a couple of jewels were displaced in the packaging. The jewels are easy to put back, but I'll have to find something to cushion the ends of the headband. They are ADORABLE though.
Very nice look, good color and quality. Customer service is good too.
This mascara is not any better than most drug store mascaras. A bit clumpy in my opinion.
Has good suction for a woman but if you have tough skin its not the best
It was all good up until I dyed it brown. From that point the hair went down hill
nice product, not a huge fan of the orange color. also, I don't like the container it's in.
Never received the book!
I didn't notice many difference using this...
This is my first bottle so im not 100% sure yet. I do have to admit i feel my hair is a little thicker. But im hoping i notice alot more on 2nd bottle. Yes i plan on buying another.
I found the handle to be too large for my hand. I'm an average size woman but found the brush challenging to maneuver. I returned it and purchased a competitor's product that is easier and lighter to use.
It's really bad. I don't like it. Did not meet my expectations.
I loved this color so much and the application is great but the fact that the lipstick already broke off from one day of having it in my purse is a big problem. This stuff is not overly expensive but it's not cheap either.
These are nice but it does not give a deep exfoliating clean that some may desire. They're soft but does not give a deep clean.
It works sometimes. You really have to put pin the get it to stay on tight.
Kinda made my hair feel weird and not sure it's working great so far. I have pretty thin hair, so was hoping this would hold it in place. It's okay I guess, just a little different than I expected.
Box arrived with no instruction booklet.
The trimmer had some really good reviews so I bought it. I was disappointed with the nose trimmer. I haven't used the other attachments so I'm clueless. But I don't think a single nose hair was cut.
Nice texture. Lovely feel on the skin. Unfortunately it has a smell I don't care for. Sorry!
Works as expected but the on button does not stay on without holding it.
I bought the product in October, 2018 in excelent condition, but I received a product just after expiration. Thanks
Crown on number 60 fell off when taking off wrapper Otherwise it's cute as can be
Could not get them to mirror...but pretty
Not terrible but the end where it opens is obtrusive. The whole point of Bobby pins is to be subtle
A lot thinner than expected.
I have used the deep conditioner and wish I would've spent the money on that instead of the shampoo/conditioner set instead. I don't notice as much of a difference with the combination shampoo and conditioner that I noticed with the deep conditioner...I'll save my money next time and go back to what I usually purchase...total bummer.
Have used a long time. Love the product as works great if you have allergies. BUT the only problem was in shipping...upon opening box last week, it had leaked a lot in wrapped plastic bag I believe because it knocked around too much in box that had no packing and cap became loose. So I have a mess that I still haven't had time to clean it up. For all I know the container might have cracked open.
Cute wig,great color... but the quality of hair is dry. You just have to work with it
Love the product, never received the pump that shows it comes with. Almond oil is awesome for under eye treatment.
I got this for my daughters, and it leaves a pink ring around the their mouths like a mustache. It looks like they've been drinking kool-aid.
Received it 2 months after ordering it and the handle was broken. Super cheap material.
Came on very dewy and shiny and not a fan of the bottle foundation that drips everywhere. Good if you're looking for a foundation that makes your skin glow more but not exactly my thing.
They smell nice and I like the toy in the middle but it stained my tub
I bought this product because the Milano one I had was worn out after wearing and washing for 1.5 years. It is nice and thin, grips the wig and keeps it in place. I still use a little glue to keep the lace town in the front. However the velcro section is very stiff and therefore it moves. I have to constantly adjust it to put it back line. Because of that, I give it a 3.
My lamp has a shortage already and the polish pills off so fast.
The brush doesn't stay on, and I'm constantly having to put it back on
The box came completely destroyed. On a difficulty scale from 1-10 of how difficult it is to prepare and apply this henna is about 5/10. The results only lasted 2 weeks. Will not buy again. UPDATE: Within 3 weeks the henna came out of my hair. I only wash my hair once a week. Barely changed the color of my hair. Still...won't buy again.
I don't really like the sizes. Don't fit my fingers well. Also come off too easy
This is a great eyelash curler. So easy to use and small enough for travel. Love it.
it does not trim very well
These are beautiful but run small!
Would give this item 4 or 5 stars cuz they seem pretty well put together and they're cute for the price. My problem is that one of them arrived broken and there doesnt seem to be a way for me to request a return or exchange through Amazon. I purchased these to go with an outfit I'm wearing to a wedding and luckily the one I plan to wear wasnt the broken one, but it would still be nice to receive a replacement.
Product is fine but arrived with a broken flip cap. Bummer
They are useable, but they do fulfill a bit of their intended use.
I personally did not like this scrubber...one side is soft..the other side is hard as a brick
I am only giving it three stars bc some do leak when tired on there sides. Another problem we ran into was a few rollers were hard to roll but other wise they work great I would suggest getting a roller case to prevent tip over and leakage bc oils are expensive
I used this product a two hotels and the lightweight of it, I thought would be awesome for traveling. When i turn it on, it has a rattle after it gets going that's annoying and was not there in the hotel product.
First, I am really enjoying this natural deodorant as an alternative to the majority with man made aluminum in them. I love the smell and i look forward to using the strawberry one for my daughter when she gets older. However, my sprayer has become clogged of some sort because it no longer sprays but squirts in a single stream :(. I am disappointed. I tried soaking the cap in hot water to which it worked for the next spray and then reverted right back to that single stream.
To be honest it's okay, the hair doesn't feel like real hair. It gets the job done. But I wish she didn't have so many bald areas. The head sheds a lot of hair.
Way too heavy for my hair. A bit too sticky for me.
Doesn't work as well as advertised, if you follow the instructions on how long your hair should be they're not accurate, if it's that long it doesn't work. It also doesn't heat up evenly and needs to be in the microwave at least 4 minutes before it even begins to soften.
Died in 5months. Get the replacement
The case that it came with was not made for these specific tools so they are loose in the box. Otherwise the tools work just fine.
come off too easy not very excited about these
The product is great, but it came to me with the lid shattered so I have no way of sealing the bottle after each use. Rather inconvenient.
Good hair but very heavy shedding
It's okay. My brushes that had a ton of foundation on it requires hand cleaning. It worked well for my other brushes and did cut the drying time down.
It works fine, I guess, but it's twice as big as the normal ones you get in the store.
Quick delivery, smells great, but makes my scalp really itchy and hair a little greasy.
Starts cracking and peeling quickly not easily blended other Mehron products work better for Halloween or make up art
I originally gave a 1 star review because most of the bows were falling off when I first got them. I did get an email very quickly from the company offering a refund if I changed my review. I did get the refund which I think was very nice and shows very efficient customer service. It still doesn't change my opinion of the overall product.
I professionally got my hair done in this color and bought this to keep up the color in between sessions. While it did add color, it came it sort of uneven. Eventually it started to look purposefully ombre so it worked out but not quite the way I wanted.
Box arrived in horrible condition. The contents inside appeared to be unused (still wrapped and sealed), but the box looked like it had been opened and closed several times, even kicked around a bit. This is a gift, so I had to repackage it in a nicer box before wrapping.
Ok the product is great but it's been used. And the free sample of Argan oil leave in treatment is not in the package. I'm very weary about ordering from amazon anymore. I've been a very good customer Bc I dislike shopping in stores. But if I'm not even gonna get a new item and pay full price I might as well as go to the store. I would have been embarrassed if this was a gift
Disappointed with the packaging. Don't understand why half of the glitter bottles were in small plastic baggies and the other half weren't. Of course the one color I need and was looking forward to is the one that was all over the packaging envelope. Besides that all the others look great.
I was kind of disappointed because the color was more violet/pink than the red in the picture, but I still thought it would be cool to try out. I noticed that it takes a lot of time to evenly spread the product throughout your hair, and it caused my hair to become tangled and frizzy. Because I have dark brown hair, I had to put several layers of product on, and even after brushing it out, my hair was very stiff and uncomfortable. I feel like this looks cool for pictures or from a distance, but in reality it is stiff and uncomfortable to wear in public. I'm giving it 3 stars because the color actually came out vibrant through my dark hair, but again it was stiff and thick feeling. Also one thing that really bothered me was that it easily rubs off on your skin and clothes and never fully dries! It left pinkish stains all over the back of my neck and shirt. I feel like this was a good invention, but needs some improvement.
Didn't smell like the other bottle I got earlier this year.
I didn't need as many as ordered, which was a good thing because about a dozen of them were grossly misshapen. Overall, a decent value though.
I dropped it and it broke. My husband can usually fix anything but not this! It only lasted about a month!
This is a great file (seems well made), however, it is much smaller whan I imagined it to be. The width is maybe a hair wider than an standard #2 pencil, and the file (not including the handle) is around 2 inches. When using a smaller file it is a bit trickier to use with my non-dominant hand. The product overall seems well made, and works well. Just much smaller than I was led to believe from the description.
I didn't expect to get just 5 gloves. I expected 5 pairs and they didn't fit well.
Works well. Color good but makes hair dull and scalp itchy
Would be great if it had all the loops
Only reason its a 3 is because it smells terrible
I tried to use it on my skin care routine, but it made me breakout.
Mostly that it heats up, the least is that the heat don't stay hot for long, but it does it's thing.
Can't tell much difference after using for a couple weeks. Upkeep still the same and comparable to just keeping hands moisturized.
I use this for pretty much everything.
nice shampoo and conditioner, but not any better then the cheaper version of one used previously
Not working for me :/
Doesn't hold on well
Love the product. Having trouble getting a color that isn't so vivid and dark.
I think it is pretty, although it is very bright compared to the one I had before. Also, after the first wax that I put in there the cup that holds the wax turned brown and I can't get it off.
Size is nice and compact, lightweight, and the air does get hot. However the wide opening on the hair dryer does not concentrate the air flow enough and as a result did not do a good job at drying my hair. I have a chin length bob hair cut that I round brush every morning, and my hair is really fine so it doesn't take much to get it dry. And it does not come with a concentrator attachment so I have to return it. It actually acts like it has a built in diffuser so if that is something you're looking for this might be a good dryer for you.
i love this shampoo brand so i paid extra to get large bottles with pumps so it would be easier to handle.however the pumps were missing even though the package said they should have been there so not happy with seller.
love the brand but these little brushes are nothing the the normal size......
Takes all the natural oils out but its def tear free. Pleasant smell and no allergic reactions
The scent is very diluted compared to previous purchases of same product. Very disappointed..
The bad: it is very hard to get the hang of using this thing. I have to try to get it on my lips at least 3-4 times each time I use it before I finally get enough suction to plump my lips. The instructions that come with it are inadequate. I googled how to use similar products and watched you tube videos. Also, it is pretty uncomfortable once you get a good suction. I have a pretty high pain tolerance so I can stand it for a couple minutes. Now for the good: It does work. My lips stay plumped for about 2-3 hours. I wanted to see what I would look like if I got injections and now I know. I have not bruised at all like some of the other reviews have said. Overall, I'm happy I bought it.
The tubes worked great, but the henna faded in 3-4 days which is much less than real henna. After about two days, the color was a gross green-brown color. It easily rubs off after 2 days so if you want a very temporary tattoo, this is great. I wanted mine to last longer though so it wasn't great for me.
This product did reduce frizz, but I was so allergic to the smell that I had to wash it out right away. The smell isn't horrible, but it's not good either.
It has been more hot recently and my face has been breaking out more than usual so I bought this facial cleanser to try. I like the way the bottle looks... fancy! The facial cleanser seems to clean like a cleanser should... removes the oil. I did not rate the product based on its affect on sensitive skin since I do not have sensitive skin. The reason for my low rating is that I'm normally not sensitive to smells, but there is a hint of something extremely strong in smell that my nose does not approve of. It reminds me of the smell when certain fruits start to rot and there is a very noticeable scent. The smell has bothered me every time that I have used the cleanser.
Its beautiful and the curls are amazing but the middle of the top of the wig is chopped up!! Looks like someone took some scissors and just cut it!!
I was disappointed. But not because of the seller. They were great! I was expecting a lot more from the products themselves. The shampoo barely lathers at all. The conditioner is so thick that I can't even squeeze the bottle hard enough to get any out!
It was soft before i sewed it in and lovely for the first week of sew in . Then it started to shed a little more and have knots. Reacts well to flat iron and holds curls with product. Not the best but its ok.
It is okay.....I would not buy again
It gone very fast and easy to break but color is very good
This brushhead was better than the original brushhead that came with the toothbrush, however after using it a little over a month the top main bristle broke off while I was brushing my teeth. I'm not sure what to think of the quality of this product, works well but falls apart quickly.
Doesn't work as advertised. I have long natural lashes and doesn't seem to work well for them. Save your money.
Not as impressed as I thought I would be. Did not help the polish last. Polish started chipping the next day.
After having this on my lips for 20 minutes they started tingling in a way that reminded me of an old plumbing lip gloss I had long ago. My lips definitely felt more swollen afterward, however I suspect the only one who could notice a difference was me.
I'm a huge fan of Hempz Vanilla Plum conditioner, so I wanted to try some of the other Hempz conditioners. Sadly, this one wasn't as moisturizing, and the smell is a little odd (in a bad way, to me). It definitely doesn't smell like candy to me - more like a fake raspberry plastic smell .
Not what I expected...I have to hold it to clean it...make it brushes hard after wards
This product is not so good for me unfortunately, I' Very sorry.
I would rather just use glue, this was a waste of my money SMH
Not some new "amazing product" that helps skin.. It just feels like thickened water being rubbed on your face. Has no smell. But i use it everyday and no changes in my skin really
Very cute wig but did not work out for me. It looked more like an costume wig.
Good hair but it falls oof easily
Bottles are just ok. I can't see these being used for multiple uses as the plastic is of cheap quality. 1 use and throw away. The printing on the labels is the smallest I have seen. Other bottles I have ordered in the past had much larger writing. It is also written in Mandarin which I did NOT find useful. Would have been better to have the writing in one language and larger font.
Was given a refund and seller very friendly
love this stuff but this one smells like a man.
tightens the skin...but didn't see much difference in lightening the spots
It seems to work with some types of hair on my face, but not everywhere. Not precise enough for the eyebrows too.
Use for eyelash extensions. Not very flexible
Smelled like hair dye for a week but overall color was 10/10
One Youtuber recommended so I just wanted to try. Not sure if this works as a cleanser. Feel like I am just putting moisturizer on my face. Not repeating.
Got the job done but didnt notice any change in skin.
The toothbrush itself is the best bamboo toothbrush i have used by far. But the presentation deducts point- it was wrapped in plastic when it came, and the box is glossy and heavily printed. Also in nowhere it is stated that the packaging being recycled material so im assuming it from new paper. Marketing themselves heavily as ecofriendly i don't think that is necessary.
Actual sunscreen protects well but I bought 2 of the 3 packs for a vacation and 2 of the bottle wouldn't spray. They kinda dribbled for a bit and then quit altogether. Not sure I'd purchase this brand again.
It got me through in a crunch I suggest buying the Muji cotton thats a few bucks more.Good things aren't cheap and cheap things aren't good ...
I was looking forward to trying this mascara, after reading the reviews, and I do deal with dry eye and have sensitive eyes as well. I guess this disappointed me because I am not crazy about the brush and it takes allot to get the mascara to look like I have any on. So, for me, I won't reorder this mascara. It was easy on the eyes, but I don't want to take all day trying to get it to the look I want. Onward to the next one.
I like the shampoo very much, but this purchase arrived with a damaged lid that could not be re-closed. I could not return the shampoo because it could not be closed and would leak. I did return the damaged lid. Amazon issued me a immediate refund. FYI: I just received a junk mail telling me that I did not return the product and would be charged for the product.
It's okay not so good..I was expecting a tint..ended up getting this gel which stays only for 2 days..
The product was not bad but I hated the smell.
I cannot totally rate this product as I have not used it yet. But I bought this scent and also the sensual scent both smell exactly and I mean exactly the same! I have to give it a star rating so to be fair I'm going with a 3 only because I haven't used either one of them yet. This review is based only on the scent of the product. The scent is nice but, when you buy 2 different ones you expect 2 different scents!
Product was leaking when it arrived. Love the scent. Like the moisturizing effect.
It's ok won't buy again. Returned
overall good for price but water still gets through kind of easily
The container did not come with a seal. I am not sure if this has happened to all customers?
drys skin smells great but that is what I bought it for
They were difficult to use and didn't fit my eyes, I couldn't trim them because the magnets were to close to the edge forcing me to cut one in half to just get them on my eyes. 3 hours and two bloodshot eyes later I got them on. They looked nice but just irritated my eyes more. Sad because I was so excited and researched a few different brands and decided to go with this one and was kinda let down. 😞
My husband wants more Bigfoot scent so he can be wilder... He loves it but after I told him the price he started limiting his use.. saving it instead of using daily.
Pros: Good product for the price Cons: The label clearly says no alcohol but it does, in fact, contain alcohol and it does burn your mouth if you are sensitive to alcohol.
Not that bad for the price, but it does tangle very easily and is staticky. Don't expect it to last too long.
Easy to use, inexpensive, but not as effective as expected.
It's ok. Just extremely thin almost like a feather.
Got some allergy after first use, so I stopped using it on my face, still going to use it on my chest and little scars. Was not expecting much for such a low price and my skin is allergic to many products so 3 stars, might work better for someone else.
Pretty loud.... when use at midnight and early morning, my family all awake, kind of disappointed.
I use some of these brushes but the bigger brushes are compact and not too bendable. The shadow brushes are great. The sponge is really soft but a different material than a regular sponge..
Just a little relief, but, at least some
Read a lot of good reviews about this product. But I'm not so happy with it. It's not really good for oily skin, leaves greasy effect
I used a whole jar over 2 months time. I did not notice a difference. Of course I am in my 60's and I might be expecting too much.
Son uses everyday. The only problem is the tool ends will break off.
Loved the first bottle I received. Really helped my face. It bubbles up a little when I put it on my face-almost like there was a small amount of soap in it. But it worked so well for my skin. The company was nice to respond to my concerns and told me many people did not like that part of the product and they had to change their formula. The second bottle isn't even the same. My skin is not doing as well. It doesn't suds at all. And it smells like just water. So some people (the many that complained about the first formula- may love this product!) as with all acne products it might work great for some and not so great for others. I'm missing the old one!
The color is lighter than the photo and the length of the hair longer
Have to use a blow dryer and I don't use one
Easy and fast to put on but bothered me with the wig on.....
Looses its sharpness fast
Meh. They are okay, but I've had many products that lift up more stuff from inside the ance. This does okay, but I wouldn't buy again.
The only reason I rated very low on pain relief is because the socks actually caused me more pain. They are too tight for my feet and caused major discomfort. I am certain thag they were just not right for my feet, but are still a very good product. They are very well made and designed. I plan to see a podiatrist before I return said item because maybe they will eventually help me. Not sure why so much pain.
These are a lot smaller than I anticipated. They are super pretty so I'm going to keep them. I would recommend them for shorter hair.
In Florida in the summer I have yet to find something that works on my naturally curly/frizz. This straightened it and then once outside it became wavy. (I had product in to prevent frizz).
the lashes are nice but the more plasticky lashes. Go for mink for that natural long lash look.
Difficult packaging to open. Very greasy formula. Sticky texture and not good for precision. Make sure to give your makeup a test run before your needed event to ensure you understand the way the pencil applies and can make adjustments. Pretty color, but not recommended for regular use.
SO my product came but however just like another customer, a third of the product was scooped out of the container! I don't understand and I want my money back! Ridiculous and have the nerve to say the purchase benefits St Jude Childrens Research Hospital!
Just okay if you get some leftover oils on them they will smug all they time.
Fairly typical ear/nose hair trimmer. Not as powerful as the reviews suggested.
Hair has to be super light.
These look pretty but after you wear for a little bit they come off very easily sadly :( will have to look for a different brand for further purchases
Good fragrance that lasts all day, but I feel like particles of the product dry like a powder.
So far so good, one brush didnt have its protective coating which makes me wonder if it was used, not having the best luck with Amazon lately, close to being deleted from my apps
Mascara was very dry. Returning.
I received it very too late. It looks nice but I don't open it yet.
this mouthwash is supposed to kill all the nefarious bacteria in your mouth and not bother the good bacteria. Well they may be right, but my mouth does not feel any fresher than with other mouthwashes, really not worth the price, unless you truly believe what they say about those bacterias.
This toothpaste tastes so bad. I almost feel worse after brushing my teeth because the taste is so unpleasant. I whiten my teeth often and bought this after experiencing some tooth sensitivity. It does the job in terms of helping with the pain but the flavor of this pseudo-mint reminds me of bile and has dissuaded me from repurchasing. Loses a star for taste and another for tube size. These are tiny. I blew through both of the tubes in like a month.
They smell strange together, that's my only complaint, we use them to make laundry soap and then brand works amazingly.
Not as good as older model I had.
The headband is tight enough but the stocking is a little loose on my head even when I pull it all the way down
Eyes bags still there no change. Customer service exceptional. Wonderful. Contacted me email day of delivery. They cared, is what if It from this company.
Definitely does not work on hangovers. Had a bad taste and gives you bad breath. It was a good size tho.
Fine, nothing great. Color is more gray in real life
Maybe it's just me but I don't think I received a legitimate product from amazon. I used DHC cleansing oil for about 6 months in 2013 and got it from the official site. During that time, it was very gentle on my skin. When I got this batch it made my skin so dry and caused extra peeling. I don't know if it's just my skin being more sensitive but I don't think oil should cause such dryness and I never had problems with it before. I switch back to cleansing with my grapeseed oil and my skin retuned back to normal.
No really good for women who bathes. Burns tender parts.
The bristles fall out very easily. All I did was try to clean the old hair out of it and the bristles came out like crazy! But it does give the hair nice shine.
Way tooooooo sweet! I do admire this company for the great ingredients they use. Just need to make a lightly sweetened version.
I didn't give it a good try. I was using it as a tea eye wash. It might have worked.
The color is more orangey than I expected from the picture. I use a very little of it under another color.
Nice hair but shedded right out of pack
A bit flimsey, but ok for the price.
The products is good I use mixing with other creams however I gotta say the pump is horrible! Other than that I recommend
These smell really good, they are on the smaller side. But the seal is broken so I'm kind of scared to use it.
There is little scent of the bath bombs, which are difficult to dissolve and full of artificial dyes. I have to rinse off the dyes from my hair.
Its not that powerful
Nice shine and hold, but really hard to wash out. Only B&B product I've had a bad time with.
Still waiting to see results...
It doesn't blend well enough and it's not buildable coverage. It leaves a white hue behind, like when you can't rub in all of your sunscreen.
The packaging is great, although the lipsticks are a little smaller than I expected. It took a while to dry, but after about 15 minutes it was completely matte and I could drink through a straw without any transfer. The formula is a little sticky, and you have to reapply after 4 hours or so. My lips were a little bit dry and irritated after I took it off, so it's not something I would wear frequently.
Not bright enough for me.
I love these but they don't work great with curly hair. they are perfect for straight hair because they stay in place for the entire day. with curly hair they stay in place but it is hard to get them out.
It works great for a little bit but loses UV power after a few uses. The delivery was pretty quick. I just wouldn't use this product if you do your nails all the time like I do.
I usually use different lashes, but a friend suggested these. While they look great in pictures, the lashes strip was quite pokey and irritated my eyes. the lashes are also very heavy and plastic feeling. For short wear they're ok, but i wouldn't wear them all day again.
Added it to some of my essential oil on face
Looked great but feel off that same day
Eh.. I have been using One Two Lash, but didn't want to spend $60 to replace them (they only lasted 2.5 months). The quality of One Two Lash is better and they look more realistic, but these are OK. The magnets aren't as strong on these and the shape isn't perfect for an eyelid. The lashes need to be tapered and the plastic thing holding the lashes is too long and sticks up on either end, letting people know you're wearing magnetic lashes. I'm going to trim the plastic thing and then I'll probably like them better. If you don't want to spend $60 for One Two Lash every 2.5 months this is an ok option. For applying magnetic lashes, I first put on mascara, then I set the top lash along the root of my eyelashes, then open my mouth so I don't blink, and bring the bottom up to snap into place - can get them on in 2 minutes.
Good, but the elastic band is too tight!
Everything arrived together as shown except the dotting tools were all plain wood, not a big deal, but not correct advertising either.
Guess it's cheaper to use some kind of cinnamon scent.
The minty taste is too strong for me and I had better whitening results with other toothpastes! 3 stars bcs it leaves the mouth very fresh for quite a while.
This was marketed as a morphe palette so I was a little disappointed to receive a dupe however the eyeshadows are really pigmented and pretty colours too. The only problem with the palette is that it stinks of chlorine. I first thought it was the packaging that smelled but after swatching the shadows on my arm I realised it was the eyeshadow that had the song chlorine smell. It makes me wonder if it is really safe to use?
Product was delivered quickly. Very nice once it is on. The brush is way to wide. Hard to apply to nails. It's also very thick. Will need to thin it out.
Very high coverage. You do need to blend fast because it does dry. One star because of the nasty smell it has also within a hour or two my nose starts to look so patchy and gross. Would recommend for dry skin but with a great moisturizer. I have an oily nose so that's the only part that gets patchy 😐
THIS WIG WAS TOO SHINY. THE HAIR WAS SOFT BUT HAD FLY AWAY APPEARANCE. THE HAIR IN THE IMAGE LOOKS NATURAL LIKE HUMAN HAIR. THE HAIR WAS THIN & WONDERED IF WIG CAP & WEFT WOULD BE VISIBLE.
I am not sure what to think about this purchase. As many others have stated, I received this bottle and there is no mention of Liz Claiborne anywhere on the bottle or box. Period. Therefore, one is left to wonder why this is the case. It does smell like Bora Bora from my limited experience with the perfume. It's not such a big loss as it was very cheap, which also leaves me wondering. Just be sure you want it as I tried to return it and the site stated that returns are not accepted for this item.
It's ok but too pricey for it's worth
Hair tangles easily and the crown has a bald spot showing the plastic scalp. It also expands and loses its luster.
The product was open and you could see that someone used some of it. Not cool.
Not quite as easy to remove as they claim. Leaves a lot of residue that's hard to get off, even in a hot shower. It didn't do much to remove my hair, but I'm a Sasquatch, so maybe people with thinner or less dense hairs will have better luck. Boasts all natural ingredients, but smells like chemicals when melted. Keep in mind, this was my first self waxing experience, so your results may vary. I tried it once and didn't feel compelled to try it again.
I had very dry hair and now it's very smooth.
I used this two times on one spot and it didn't turn the hair blonde. It stayed half dark, half coppery brown. For the price, it's not really worth it. It works about as well as any of the less expensive products.
Stays on well. Has a great finish IF your skin is prepped properly. Definitely not for dry skin. Applies best with a dense brush. This formula was thinner than I expected and cannot be worn with much concealer or powder on top or it WILL look insanely cakey.
Not holding very well
I decided to try this product when it was on sale for prime day. I've used it a few times and not sure I can tell any difference at all. Will update after more uses if I can see a change.
I loved the concept of this and it did straighten my hair, but the brush pulled out my hair every time I used it. Had to return it because of that.
I've been looking around for something with more natural ingredients and less harsh chemicals to wash my hair with. I came across this product and wanted to give it a try and so far I'm liking it. It makes my hair feel silky and rejuvenated. The only complaint I have is that my hair is thicker and longer so I find myself having to use a few extra pumps to get it all lathered up. Other than that, I would recommend this product.
The unit is sturdy and easy to use once you figure out the poorly written instructions. My skin does feel cleaner and more hydrated.
I was excited to use this product because the sample packet I was given at a Women's Expo worked beautifully. However, this doesn't work as well and it smells funny too.
Smells nice, but does not come sealed so I'm hesitant to use it.
Balloons were of average quality. One of them burst with inflation.
I find that the blades have to be replaced yearly at best.
Feels awkward to use but works.
Cute, but not great quality. A few clips broke, but for the price it wasn't a big deal
Was sold as a bronzer, but obviously it isn't. Nice illumination.
Way smaller than a medium. Love them but not able to use.
Love this palette but it arrived damaged!
Came 2 days late and 2 of the shadows are broken.
I bought this product because I'm in love with Shea Moisture products, however I was SUPER disappointed to find the package to be damaged and busted open. Giving 3 stars simply because the product is good but the shipping is not. I didn't pay for a mess so I don't expect to receive one.
So thick I had to take the lid off to dispense the shampoo
This is a great product but it can be purchased elsewhere for a lot less. I got a 4 oz. jar for about $10 at Costco. I repurchased on Amazon bc it was convenient but was very disappointed by the 1oz. Container. What a joke! It's like a one week supply. Besides the size issue, the lemon scent is invigorating and the the product cleans my face well. If you leave it in the shower the sugar will melt decreasing the scrub action.
I like that this product is silicone, long lasting, and clean, but to call it "exfoliating" is misleading - it is VERY gentle, impossible to get a decent "fresh scrubbed" feeling on your skin. Soap does not lather well on it, I needed to use extra so felt a bit wasteful. It slid around on the fingers a bit, so overall would say it is only okay. Would be great for someone with tender skin.
So so product. Seems to be lessening the hair loss. Not sure yet
This product is too small. I am an average size person and this is still too small for may hand.
For the price, I really can't complain too much. The ears were very flimsy and felt like they were going to break off the headband but they made it through trick or treating which is all that I was hoping.
How can the Product be labeled a natural when it has a black mark for chemicals
I like the smell of this perfume, however it lasts no more than 1-2 hours.
It's always a disappointing to use this kind of hair color comes in a box that you could buy from any store. The sample color on the back of the box is never accurate. Won't buy again.
Compared to regular floss picks these are nice initially. But they get stretched out and twisted which bunches up the floss. This makes it wider and more painful to insert and remove compared to regular floss that frays.
I am not satisfying with its quatity. Very disappointed. I am not happy leaving a negative review, but it is my honest review, I won't lie. Not what I was expecting.
Opened it and there was hair in it.. I did buy it new. Which is pretty gross. After cleaning it I find that it's okay at removing hair for your legs but so far the only way to get smooth legs it to use a regular razor in the shower
i usually get this same shampoo from whole foods but I've tried to order from amazon and it was delivered cracked open, spilled and half gone...but shampoo is good because it's all natural
Love the sheen and quality. All the clips broke after a few weeks.
I really like this blow dryer. It did a great job with my daughter's straight hair. The reason for the 3 stars instead of 5 is because the diffuser came with a prong already broken (look at picture). I'm sure the diffuser will still work just fine, but if I'm going to spend almost $40 on a blow dryer, I would like it to come not broken right out of the box. If this could be resolved, I would gladly give it 5 stars. *I was going to call customer service and speak with someone about it rather than giving lower stars, but there are no phone numbers for me to call.*
Didn't expect it to be tiny! Dimensions are not listed anywhere, nor the fact that's it a miniature. I thought it was just going to be slimmer with fewer bristles. Detangles easily and defines very nicely, however it's very difficult to hold because it's made of smooth plastic, which is super slippery (especially with product or water on my hands) and being so tiny, it's hard to get a good grip on the handle, I have to hold it strangely and uncomfortably to use it.
Worked for what it was meant for. Could be a little higher quality.
I absolutely can not stomach the smell. I will be giving this product away unfortunately despite the the benefits of the oil. I can not get past the smell.
Scent kind of off, smells expired. I don't know if it is or. It since there is no date
It's very oily it does make your pores smaller but leaves a film
Fine hair towel, but I don't notice that it cuts my drying time much. I do like the feel and design. It stays put.
The bottle was 1/4 way gone. It did not appear to be a new bottle.
It did not help with my milk production but I truly believe it's because of stress levels and not the product itself. Taste is alright but I'm also not a huge tea drinker.
Love the product, but the beautiful package that it comes in was damaged when it arrived. It was a gift, so I was very disappointed.
Smells like always. fresh & clean.
I was hoping this would color my dark hair with a purple tint, it worked okay but I never got the full purple effect I was looking for.
This is I believe is my 4th time ordering this product. No complaints on the product but this time I only received 24 packets even though the add claims the 36 I've always gotten before. Amazon gives an option to return for exchange or a refund. However I would rather have the missing 12 delivered rather than returning anything. I don't want to go without the product waiting for replacement. Product deserves 5 stars but shipment doesn't warrant it.
It does its job you just gotta get the right head for it because the narrow one is quite powerful and can hurt your gum line!
I liked the way the product smelled and felt. However I just could not get use to the consistency. Only because I never felt like I had enough on my face. But I would have ran out really quick using more. It is very expensive for the amount of product. I love the ingredients though! If it were $10-$15 cheaper, then would be worth buying again.
The item is lovely and well made. I wanted something to add my home oils that I love to improve the smell in my car. I do not like most of the regular scent in the grocery stores or otherwise on the market for autos. So I gave this a try. Evn with the bottle filled , it simply does not spread any of my oils' fragrance through any area of my car Perhaps when I turn the heat on in the winter it may fare better . we will see.
It's nice for after a shower, although smells rather generic.
The hair is easy to felt
It's nice shampoo/conditioner, but not worth $8 for something you can get in the store for less... I do like the smell and it doesn't bother my little guy's eyes. His hair is not as soft as it was with the previous product we used.
It's a cool toothbrush and a four-year-old I gave it to like that however my two-year-old thought it was a fun toy but wouldn't brush his teeth with it because it was too strong
I thought these would be really convenient but they just aren't :( They are kind of awkward to use. The soft part doesn't seem to be a good material for cleaning glasses. It smears any smudges on the glass rather than clean it away. I wanted these to work but they just fall too short.
Not very citrus. Smells like 'rain' and farmer's market. Not horrible, but not what I wanted.
Doesn't smell how I know this fragrance to smell. It's almost as though it's watered down in some way. I've used more of it than I anticipated needing to in such a short amount of time because the scent simply doesn't last. Will not purchase again from this source.
The hair had a strange smell when I got it but I didnt mind. The body wave was beautiful and it was very soft. However, as soon as I colored and washed it the curl was no more. So the body wave is not authentic. Also, the hair has horrible split ends all over. Ive deep conditioned and nothing helped. I have to use mousse to lay them down as best I can. It colored well, but ive had a lot of shedding and I only colored the ends (sort of an ombre). The cap is extremely small. Im going to have to sew it down to hold it on. Not happy but itll do for now. Update: After two home keratin products and a deep moisturizing treatment the hair looks so mich better. I used silk elements to flat iron and it looks lush! I like it, I just wish I didnt have tk do so much work to get it right
This is my favorite deodorant and I've used it for years. However, the place that sent it to me, sent me three that did not have a protective sticker on the top of the tube (to keep it from drying out) which I thought was odd. It makes the deodorant cloudy and it seems to get used faster. I will continue to buy this deodorant but not from this seller.
this product has a lot of features but the laser is odd shape and flickers. other than that it's ok for the price. nice for night use for varmint. mounted on my 223. no problem with reticles sticking.
Definitely a costume wig, not good for everyday casual wear. The fibers are pretty quality, but you can see the wigs netting in between some of the rows.
Great bottles however the top keeps unscrewing no matter how tight you screw the cap on. I just used a piece of plastic to make it less easy to unscrew whil using it. Other than that it sprays really nicely and the trigger feels great to the touch. Not hard to grip and to spray.
I loved this product for the first 14 days I used it, then last night all the sudden my lock combination wouldn't work & I could not get my medicine out of this bag. I came back here & read some troubleshooting & after 30 min of trying to get it opened, it did. Somehow the combination code changed by 1 number. First two numbers where as set, but the last numbered turned from 1 to 0, without me doing it. It kind of makes me leary to use it in case it happens again. I bought this to keep my medication in next to my bed. I do foster care & all meds need to be under lock & I thought this was great to keep right next to my bed. I'll update if any changes occur.
Mirror works fine, but I could have just purchased a mirror without a light. Light does no good at all.
Where to start ?:... it took about a month to ship, which really sucked. Once it arrived the package was very flimsy and not very protective also not discreet at all!!! It said TOY in all caps right on the package . The instructions were in Chinese but it did have separate ones In English but very small print ! So small I had to use a magnifying glass just to read them. Works how advertised but I couldn't get the remote (which was bigger than I expected) to work until I charged everything fully for a few hours, i does have an indicator light and flashes while charging , I had to sorta plug the dc cable in just right and move it around so that I could make full contact in order for it the charge ( took me about a day to get this thing fully charged ) . Very soft and smooth texture , The head swivels in a circular motion which I didn't even know it did, but not to be too graphic it just isn't strong enough to do that while it's in use , not a very powerful vibration either but it is quiet . It was an ok buy .
You get what you pay for. They work.
Received the product yesterday. It's a very good highlighter, doing it's job very well. Easy to blend and I love the rose gold color. The only issue I have is that, when I opened the box in which it was shipped I noticed that it was not wrapped in anything (no bubble wrap etc). Just lying there by itself. The box might have got damaged in the shipping process because it doesn't close. Remains open like that. The thing which keeps the box closed got chipped and got stuck in the place where it's supposed to close. A little disappointed because this lasts for a very long time and annoying that it doesn't close.
I do not like this scent at all. But to be fair, I thought I had clicked on their version of Black Opium. Didnt realize there were drop down choices, and that I had to click it twice This reminds me of something my grandmother wore. I cant say I know what this is supposed to smell like, because I never heard of it before. So my review is kinda pointless. It did come very fast tho, and packaged very efficiently!
Doe not hold but GREAT for moisturizing and making curls/waves pop.
Okay wig. Hair nothing as shown because that's her real hair. The only thing that's was a positive was the length. It's not a lace wig, you only have lace where the part is and around the front hairline about half an inch, you can not part anywhere else. Hair texture is silky, not what I was looking for and definitely not as shown. Will keep for the length.
Water pik is great but the battery tooth brush is very poor and has very minimum vibration and there for cleaning. Purchase the electric brush you will be better off.
I want to love these because they are so reasonably priced but they can be hard to clean.
These are flimsy but they work. I have the same in pink and those do not. The black seem to clip though.
Love the smell! Love the packaging! It cracks me up that people couldn't figure how to use, pretty standard packaging for beauty products.... I don't see a huge difference yet, but it's super moisturizing.
Goes on almost oily and definitely doesn't look quite like that perfect picture...
Plates are very small and hard to hold onto when stamping and cleaning. Patterns are also small. They're fine for small/ short nails, but not so great for longer nails depending on how you want it to look.
Looks great but hard to remove from lashes even with eye makeup remover
The color was way off. It looks like wig hair, not natural looking to me. I ordered one from Ulta that is PERFECT.
Does not durable as I think but, are ok I guess
This product was just thrown in bag and when I got it the shampoo bottle leaked out as a result much of the shampoo was all over the place specially the jar that was in the bag with the shampoo.
The glue flakes if you touch it when its dry and I've had a difficult time with the color side.
Colors are good but seems to chip easily
Doesn't keep smell very long. But very small and looks good in car.
I really wanted to like this organic castile soap but I don't. The pump is pushing down too easy and the spout is clogging up after just a few uses. I managed to spray soap in my eye a couple of times and I'm not a person who usually does that. The scent reminds me of chamomile instead of pina colada...so not necessarily a fan of that particular scent.
Just OK. It was difficult to puncture the inner plastic. Painful at times. And in a few spots the plastic came through the holes. On a positive note, great price, arrived on time, and got the job done.
Colors are cute. Light is fragile.
It wasn't the right color but if it was it would be great
This smells amazing but the scent wears off almost immediately. Kind of disappointing because I would use it regularly if the scent lasted
Colors are beautiful, but it's hard to turn when you want to use it
I like the way it softens my dry hair. I don't like the size (too big) it gets slippery when wet, so easily dropped. If you have smaller hands might want to check out a children's model. As far as pulling out less hair I would say it is similar to using a large tooth comb.
It's a nice organiser with a good amount of space, but arrived with a lot of scratches and/or small cracks. It doesn't seem to affect the structure of the organiser but it is kind of visually unappealing.
I bought this as a present for my boyfriend. it is cool that it gives you how many minutes there are left before you have to recharge it again. After the first use, he tried to clean it but the blade snapped off, but luckily he was able to put it back correctly. The shave did an alright clean.
These taste great and are easy for my kids, however they break very easily.
Took more than one attempt to get all of the hairs out. Overall a decent product. Could have come with more sticks for the wax. I'm out of the sticks and still have wax left over.
This product is not for mature skin. I am 47 and it only accentuated the fine lines under my eyes, made them much more noticeable. I gave it to my 28 year old daughter and she loves it. I am sure it is a great product just not for me. If you follow Poppy and Dot, don't forget Tara is in her early 30s.
High priced and didnt take care of the frizz in human hair mix wig
Nice finely milled powder, however it only accentuates fine lines and wrinkles on my under eye area. Makes my concealer look cakey and crepey. So wish it had worked because it's really a lovely powder. I will use it as a highlighter on my cheek bones.
It worked perfectly fine for my husband but my face was covered in bruises. If you are having a sensitive skin stay away from this product.
Very lightweight compared to the old ones and moves around while working.
I used before it's a lovely product . But I received it broken and glass got in makeup .
I am a daily wig wearer and a long time cosplayer so I've had my fair share of wigs. This wig will be a hat wig unless you sew in some wefts to fill in the large gaps. You have to be extremely careful on how you part the hair or if the wind blows because you WILL see tracks. Once you sew more tracks in, it will be absolutely stunning.
This did remove color but not as effectively as I hoped. Maybe it is because I had many many years of hair dye on it. The smell was awful but I did bear through it.
The mascara clumps together too much on my eyelashes. It's not bad, but not great. It does last all day without flaking off.
Not terrible, could be a lot better than it is but for the price it works just fine.
It is not comfortable
Not what I expected.
This product is ok for home use but not a professional product. Very cute for children's hair but not for adults in my opinion.
If you're making candles these may work fine for you. However, if you intend to use them for lip balm please be aware that they do smell a bit off. Usually, I get my wax straight from a farm, it has a subtle sweet honey smell to it. THIS product though, had an ever so slightly smokey smell to it. Just not ideal for lip balm.
I don't think these are essential oils. Some of them smell good and others smell like bathroom spray. The lotus and peony smells really good.
Did not notice much relief from my pains.
I heard a lot of good things about this BHA product, but I had to return it after just a couple uses. The residue left behind is so oily/greasy feeling. I would definitely recommend Paula's Choice CLEAR Exfoliating Solution (Regular Strength) instead... same 2% strength but added soothing ingredients and no weird residue.
It works. I'm using it for two months now. Not every night, two-three times a week. And my eyelashes are definitely look longer, and eyebrows are growing too. So I am satisfied with this product. UPDATE. Couple of months ago I noticed that my eyelids are swelled and the swelling does not go away. So yes, you'll get your lashes thicker and longer, but you can get this side effect.
I purchased this product because I needed and aluminum and baking soda free deodorant. I chose the Tangerine Dream because I thought it might have a fresh, slightly citrus-y, but I do not get that feeling at all. I honestly couldn't really tell if the deodorant was blocking any odor, because the scent of it was kind of pungent to me and I did not like it at all. I smelled the product before applying it but thought the origin scent might dissipate while wearing it, but it didn't seem to. So then I couldn't tell if I smelled or if I just think the product smells...
While these bottles with droppers work well for my needs, it would be better if the dropper would fill completely. They only fill about a third of the way.
I like the drill, but it heats up after using at a certain point I can no longer hold it in my hand
Product has not worked for me like it says it should
Very pretty colors, but product was broken into powder form and outside it's container
I was expecting this to be a match for NARS Orgasm- it is not. it's kind of flat in color but definitely a good price
Not as strong as a electric water-pick...
Could be better ! Low quality ink , is very splotchy
This product is amazing, but the shine greatly decreases towards the end of the day. The scent is not for some people. It smells sort of minty and like tree bark, but the scent also smells like vomit. That's the biggest downside, the scent
poor quality and lacked the luster I'm used to
I buy this brand all the time, but the purple rage came out blue on everyone I tried it with. Light blue on my blonde friends and this dark blue on me. I was hoping for purple so it's a little disappointing but honestly won't make me not buy from Adore again. The dye is the easiest and fastest, stays fairly well, and is cheap as heck especially with how far you can make one bottle go.
I hate these!!! They are very dull and wears down within a day. Also didn't like the fact that they accumulated a dark film across the white tip area. These are only good for 2 nights out somewhere special.
Not that great if you have thick hair like me , but it does straighten your hair and smooth it out! Low price
Order this product says it comes with two I only received one.......
Holy moly, when readers said it was small I didn't understand just how astonishingly tiny and moisturizing stick could be. I'd give it five stars for how it feels on your skin but I have to say there's gonna be another product that delivers on both moisture and a little bit toward size.
Wish the ends were more tapered
OK, this piercing kit is good for the money. I "practiced" on my husband first and only had to put three holes in the first ear to figure it out. He is a Retired Marine, so he is tough and could handle it. Once I got the placement right it was easy, but then on the hole in the other ear, the stud got stuck in the little hole that holds it into the gun, and I nearly ripped his ear off. Thank God for Marines. I finally got the hang of it and two more holes in my right ear, and now I'm just thinking about where else I can put a hole. Wouldn't my dog look cute with earrings???(Just kidding. I would NEVER do that)
I love this, however, the amount you get does NOT last! Not enough product for the cost.
These are nice size bath bombs, but I am only giving them three stars as the scent doesn't last throughout the bath as with others I have tried.
I should have been more cautious. Scrotum has blistered and is stuck to my boxers. Works fine on non-scot areas. Will have to order Neosporin to dip my boys in.
it's okay.. the hair is not as shown, but for a throw on wig. its ok. nothing great about it.
Not for a whole day smell... I would only use it when I am about to go out...
I really like the consistency and coverage of this foundation, however, the Classic Beige is more like a pink ivory color. It's way too light for me. I'm mixing it with a darker foundation to use it up. I have classic medium beige tone skin and I always order a medium beige color and never had a problem. I am surprised this classic beige is so light. It makes me look pale. I guess I'll look for a darker color.
Too loud to use. Left my ears ringing. To note, my ears are sensitive. Great otherwise.
It works. but its definitely not for people that sweat a lot.
This stuff is the best at home teeth whitening product on the market. Unfortunately the product I receiver was more watery than usual and didn't work very well with the mouth guard.
The product gave my legs a nice sheen, but I really couldn't see the sparkle that I was expecting. I shook the bottle well, so I'm pretty sure that I applied it correctly. For what they're charging for this little bottle, I was hoping for a little more. Seems very overpriced for what you get.
I've used several of these type of make-up wipes over the years this one by far smells and feels the best. But it does not do a good job of removing my eye make-up. Still trying to find that perfect make-up wipe!
Been using for about 6 months and it helped improve my condition, but not cure it. It smells pretty bad and made my skin itch a little.
Packaging is bad. Hard to keep in make-up case when packaging breaks after only a couple weeks.
I've purchased this twice. The first time I loved it! The second time... the shampoo itself is watery, and runny. I use Baebody eye gel and vitamin C serum, which are awesome, and I'm trying out their retinol moisturizer which is pretty nice so far, so for my second order of shampoo to be so inconsistent from the first, is really disappointing. I don't feel comfortable risking buying the product again if I can't be sure it will be the consistency that works.
The product works, but i received a defective charger. It doesn't fit. Please let me know how i can contact the seller about this.
I am a strawberry blonde. I ordered the blonde powder but it is too light. It doesn't look like I put anything on my root area.
I don't like this it doesn't work all the well but I haven't really used it so I'm not quit sure how good it actually works but I'll come back with an up date if it gets better
As good as any moisturizer.
Not very light - kinda heavy but it gets the job done. I should have bought a nice scented one though
Seemed like it was working right after use bc it brought down the inflammation and redness of my breakout but after time it's right back. Sadly I haven't seen a significant overall difference and still getting breakouts
I got 2 days shopping and though the bows did come on time they came in a small box which in return caused the bows to be completely smashed and deformed. Huge bummer.
The dryer is cute, compact, and worked very well for me! However, the polish seemed a little cheap (given the price of this set, I can't complain). Great deal for the price! Colors shown are pretty accurate as well. However, I did my nails last night and they have already lifted and polish is chipping. Yes this set is a good deal, but spend a little more and get something better
This cart is extremely hard to put together. The pieces didn't fit easily so it took lots of time and frustration.
Got these late in the season so only got yo use once or twice. Did reduce the coldness of the air. Not sure how long they'll last before stretching out.
I like BB's lip gloss and it's policy on non-animal testing so I was eager to try this mascara. Unfortunately, it felt very dry right from the get-go. Looks nice, but not a happy camper. Back to Rimmel....oh well.
I got this for edc cause I loved how people had glitter on their faces. I put it on and when I went on my first restroom break I had noticed that it had already fell off. I'm not sure if the adhesive was just weak, but regardless I really did like the colors of the glitter it was so pretty. If I had better adhesive I think I would have really loved this product.
The wand pulls out A LOT of product and I'd have to scrape it a few times before I could get a coat that looked natural enough. Possibly a good product for someone who wants a lot more "look" than I do.
Working well, nothing special
It's Olive Oil soap and I'm allergic to Coconut Oil (which is in most soaps) so I wanted to try it. It doesn't lather well, because of lack of Coconut Oil. It doesn't smell good. But, it's very large and you can cut it in half and it lasts a long time!
I like the way the eyeshadow goes on the color set I chose was very understated, and I like that and so does my husband and his the one I like to look good for. What I didn't realize when looking at them on amazon that it was a stacked set. Which I had to remedy. Would I buy this set again. yes
I've been wanting this red forever. Bought it, received it on time. BUT I got the hair dye in dark booty red. I used it anyway cause from previous dye experiments, it usually comes out red. Well, not this time. I now own rusty reddish orange hair on my head. I'll give it a go one more time and see what happens though
STILL ON THE SECOND PHASE.FROM NETFLIX.............
Didn't like the smell
Delivery took too many days, too expensive.
smells good but its a strong scent, i have sensitive skin so its not my favorite
These are very soft unfortunately not what I was looking for. The value is just ok but the travel case makes up for it. Great for cleansing but not exfoliation. They look identical to the pads I get with a solid bar cleanser I use and was hopeful they would have the same texture but they don't. Not a bad product just not what I was looking for.
This product just sits on my skin or makes it sticky. Doesn't mean it's a bad product, it just doesn't work with my dry, sensitive skin.
So far great product. I giving 3 star because I am new to this product. What I is I might buy it gain.
Would've gave it 5 but one of the caps is broken going to bag it alone for it won't spill. Too much trouble to send it back. Great price make sure caps are good.
I like this product as it does work well, however is does leave a very greasy film.
Sadly, when pouring the oil into my smaller jar it decided to spill all over my counter and so much precious oil was wasted. I wish this product came with some kind of device that you could safely extract the oil so i could have put it in my smaller jars without issues. The peppermint oil itself is fine though. It's just the bottle it comes in that is the issue.
It works okay on natural hair but it makes it white when it is dry
Thin on the ends , so i need to get another package because the hair is really thin ...
I am not sure if I am lathering correctly or not or something, but I wasn't thrilled. Was using it for my legs with a safety razor and it didn't stay moisturized and gave lots of snags. I wasn't particularly thrilled. It smelled really good though.
just to darn dark I put up these pic of my husband and myself just get a look at my skin color I had no idea I would need a lighter color as I looked at the pic's on the reviews the women who appeared to be my color used what I got man it's real real dark
I have thin sparse lashes so this did not work well for that
Diffuser worked great. Hated the beeping noises it made. Would wake me up when it would shut off in the middle of the night.
This shampoo is not bad. It is a bit pricey, however, and I was expecting a higher quality product. It does not leave my hair feeling as clean as other shampoos I have used in the past. If I use it daily, my hair starts to feel oily. The tea tree oil does not provide any sensation to my scalp as mentioned in the product details. Smells nice and lathers up well though.
At first it was hard to figure out it comes out but other than that it is ok as for a concealer and the price is affordable.
Someone recommended this product to me as a toner to help fight wrinkles. While it smells nice and does feel quite refreshing on my skin, I haven't seen any improvement in the quality of my skin, either in regard to wrinkles or anything else. So if you're considering this product for anti-aging purposes, I would say to skip this one.
Works fine. Just cheaply made. Constantly having to cut off strings
This seems to work well, I felt the difference in that it really seems to help remove plaque. However, I did not realize how much alcohol it has. It really burns my mouth and leaves me too dry mouthed. I have to use a moisturizer rinse after using this.
Could last longer it seems
I have to use it sparingly or it made my face break out if i used it every day
For the price, the brushes are great especially given the wide variety however, they do start to fall apart after 2-3 washes so I don't think I would recommend them for that reason. Loved the brushes, hated the quality after washing them. I would recommend spending more on brushes that will last after countless washes.
My hair looks and feels amazing with just two pumps! But, honestly the smell is too much. I'm not a perfume lover and this makes it seem like I sprayed a ton on-and not a good one at that. If they could make this unscented, I would be all over it
These were overpriced for what they are, it was roughly a dollar per unit. As far as function is concerned, they did there job. They're pretty decent makeup sponges.
This eyebrow pencil works great, but runs out way too soon. You don't get much product for the price.
Extremely thick. Warmed it up for easier application. NOT painless. Videos make it seem easier than it really is. Kinda messy.
I really like the toothbrush and I think the bristles are very soft and nice. My only complaint is that I have had this toothbrush for less than a week and I'm having a bristle come out every other time I brush my teeth. (So basically every evening). Other than that I think it was a good buy but that issue makes me reconsider ever buying again.
the smaller dryer brush has a white coating at the tips of the bristles that come off in your hair while brushing, but you get what you pay for.
Good length and feels sturdy. Bristles are soft though. I was hoping for something a bit stiffer. Doesnt hold soap very well. Will work for now.
Nothing to amazing. But the smell is nice!
I wish it foamed up like other cleansers because I really need it to help take my makeup off. Does work well though, just doesn't take makeup off well enough.
Super cute packaging but mine didn't come with the spatula. That's the main reason I bought this, so I could DIY my own pallete. Without the spatula, it's much much more difficult to depot.
I have used another Spot Treatment from a different brand that contains Salicylic Acid and the pimples normally dry overnight. This one worked but after several days using it in the morning and at night . I won't buy it again, I want something that works faster. A good thing is that it doesn't dry the skin at all.
Some leakage while traveling on motor cycle After some use it comes out in droplets not Fine spray as in the beginning
No change in appearance yet .
Arrived exactly as pictured. Very pretty. Easy to clip on. Plenty of felts. However oils don't diffuse very well. Even saturating the felt with what I consider to be a wasteful amount of oil, there's hardly any scent. Even in my truck. I had better success with one drop of oil on a wooden clothespin clipped to the air vent. I don't want to continue to waste my oils, so I'm going to try to modify the design. Maybe drill larger holes in the back? Use a more gauze or flannel-like fabric vs the felt? I'm thinking it needs to be easier for the air to pass through...
Made my gums tickle uncontrollably and more importantly, simply didn't clean my teeth. Makers need to go back to the drawing board
It's a little greasier than I would like, but dries quickly. I prefer the Sally Hansen cuticle cream though.
Would be better if the floss didn't become hard to get out near the end and jam in the container.
Didn't work as well as I thought it would.
Great product, crappy pump. I love Duke Cannon products but the container sucks.
Not really love this product. It doesn't give any moisture and protection. Only good in smell.
Ordered the Pure Sport but received the Smoother Swagger Scent instead. Good thing my husband liked the smell cause I didn't feel like returning it! Might have just changed the scent he uses from now on...we'll see. I guess you could call it a happy mistake
I'm only rating this three stars because it makes a yucky ring a round the tub that is a pain to clean after every time I use this. It really hurts my back cleaning the tub so much, so I only use this once a week or if my son needs it. My lg has such sensitive skin and eczema and this cream bath is great for on his skin! It really does moisturize and it leaves his skin super soft and smooth. Like I said I only use it once a week but thats all my lg needs. Of course we still moisturize after every bath too though. Also, it says to use a splash or two, be careful with the splashes, a little goes a long way but too much it gets gross. It makes an oily dirty ring on the inside of the tub. This cream bath also smells extremely good, its a fresh clean smell. Citrusy with a nice floral infusion, not too strong at all but just right.
Didn't see a difference. Just a moisturizer.
Worked fine, except the fact I only received 2/3 of the bottle and rest spilled.
I wish it was a little bit longer but they're great to use.
The cream is not rich enough for my dry skin. I would not recommend to seniors like myself.
Good value, work ok but plunger has alot of play
Arrived as promised, but it's different from what my original was. It works and gets the job done, but the original equipment was better. Two stars better. But I didn't want to spend for a new shaver, and knowing what I know now, I made the right decision
Didn't really see the results you were hoping for.
Bulky and a bit clumsy for me. Loved the concept and it's not for me.
Like the product, but it was damaged when I received it. Tried to find contact info of seller but cannot.
Love the way my hair feels with this shampo. Unfortunately causes a lot of scalp itching.
Didn't care for the way it is dry when putting it on. It is a good value though.
5 Stars for the conditioner. I love it and always buy it at Whole Foods. 1 Star for the state of the product upon arrival. Enough had leaked out of the bottle that the shipping box had grease spots. I'm super particular, so this is going back. I'll just buy my personal care items in store from now on.
I feel like it's not the original.. smells original but doesn't last much.. questionable..
I gave to my fiancé for a gift and he doesn't use it because the suctions wouldn't stay
This is ok. The sand comes off easily so your nails end up looking black.
It's just ok for me. I bought it because I thought the towel will dry my wet hair and I don't need to use hairdryer anymore. Well, I still need to use hairdryer to completely dry my hair.
It's ok.. exactly what it says and does but it is literally just 100% coconut oil..Not at all worth the price.
I've used it once on my cat that has acne issues and gets clogged hair follicles. Too early to tell if its helping. I think so, but will continue using it and finish the bottle before I decide if I buy it again. Fragrance is nice and it lathered fine.
It does burn when applied. It doesn't last long. The plumping was minimal.
Not crazy about this. It feels dry in my lips and the color changes. Won't purchase again.
My boys damaged My parents old discontinued Phillips Rabbit ear antenna with a built in amplifier. I have been looking for a replacement and so far have purchased 7 various models of antenna from Target and Wal-Mart and have been very disappointed. Not one has come close to the damaged one i am trying to replace. I will say that of all of the purchases this model from Amazon comes in the best, but unfortunately only picks up less then half of the channels that my parents damaged discontinued Phillips Rabbit ears are able to pickup in their current condition. This is far better then the other new models I have tried that do not even pick up a quarter of the channels. This model is very light and feels cheaply built, but I have found This the case with the other units I have tried. This is very forgivable if it works the same as or better then the ones I am trying to replace. Newer technology and newer materials in theory should make a better antenna and I will continue to look for it, but if you don't have anything and need one, so far sadly this is the best in this price range as I found at this time. I am amazed by the customer support for this product it is fantastic. They try very hard to help. For this type of support I moved my rating from a 2 to a 3. I wish other products had this kind of support. Unfortunately for all the stuff they tried, I still couldn't pick up the channels I used to get with my other antenna
NO IMPROVEMENT IN MY FACE AFTER 3 MONTHS AND SO I GAVE UP.
What can I say... it's a soap dispenser. It fits great in my daughter's pineapple-themed bathroom. It looks nice, and the soap dispensing works as expected. Why only 3 stars? One of the plastic "leaves" on the top of the dispenser was broken right out of the package. We just kind of put that part toward the back, and it didn't seem worth sending it back over, but it was disappointing regardless.
knocked off 2 stars since it comes with no pump, great product though.
Great fit, bleached knots, grow from roots, good fit, root to tip length. No body wave, so bad wash n go. Needs to be cut and styled before wearing. Will buy again in a longer length.
I've always used a muji foaming net to use my cleansers but I left my old one at home and the nearest muji is far away. This looks cute so I decided to give it a try. It does create nice rich foam if you're using it right, but sometimes it's hard to control the amount of water added into the container and the foam doesnt come out right. It also causes me to spend more time doing my daily routine, which i don't love. Might be returning it.
Trimmers work great so far. My only beef is the two foot cord. I have to put an extension cord on it to use it on customers but the plug itself is so loose it's constantly unplugging.
The brushes are very pretty but the bottoms fall off. Other than that they work well and fast delivery.
I still sweat and it gives me a rash. My bf doesnt like it but it smells nice.
These are really single use, as they stretch out when you use them. I have thinning hair and must use a brand new one every time I put my hair up. It's gotten expensive!!
My dark spots are fading.
I have used this product for years. Normally it has a thick consistency. This tube is actually a bit runny. I wonder whether it has been diluted. It seems to work, and it smells like the real product. Perhaps it is old stock; guessing that perhaps it might break down a bit over time. If I find a date code on the tube, I'll update.
Easy to use and worth the money.
Odor is not good. works fine as advertised.
It did smudge and didn't last all day. Even the brown was too dark for me. I have blonde hair and I have a hard time finding a brow color that doesn't make me look like Groucho Marx.
I really hoped this would calm my eczema, but it made it much, much worse. My skin started itching as soon as I put it on, but I continued using it to see if my skin just needed time to adjust. After a few days my eczema was totally out of control. Stopped using it and it has mostly calmed back down to its pre-ampoule state. On the parts of my face that aren't eczema-prone, this stuff made my skin feel really soft and smooth. It's a shame that I can't use it, as seems like it would be a nice product for less sensitive skin.
The mascara gel seems very dry and takes forever to get a good coat on. I use my cheap maybeline mascara and use the fibers instead for better results.
Product is ok. I have not witnessed any miracle on my face or neck.
I have used other magnesium creams & sprays (which I use in combination with a lotion), but bought the gel for travel (the tube packs better). The gel goes on well and is effective, but if too much is used, will leave a crusty residue on clothing. So, three stars, due to that factor.
I bought this in hope of recreating a spa-like, aromatic atmosphere. This product can accomplish this, but only immediately after adding essential oils to the water. The strong aroma only lasts for about 5 minutes. It could be my oil to water ratio..., but I do seem to be going through my oils quickly. Directions and use are simple, but the size seems to be a factor? Any suggestions for a stronger scent for longer are welcomed.
I loved the actual hair ties but mine ended up breaking only after a week of wear...
Got this soap because of the mint scent but it makes my skin very dry. Im going back to using honest amish.
Ordered once and returned due to it being broken. Ordered a second time and it was broken again but not as badly so we kept it.
I bought the ever curl shampoo and conditioner to tame and shape my summer humidity curls... and my curls did actually look nice... unfortunately the shampoo also stripped the color out of my hair... which I was not expecting from a shampoo that is sulfate free. I do not recommend this product for dyed hair.
Was excited to wear this under a white swimsuit-- you can clearly see them though.. They are raised and look kinda like an outline of a nipple.. defeats the purpose.
trouble with working pump
Well built but extremely small for being stable... and useful
It did work good until the teeth started falling out.
I was a little disappointed in this pressed powder it is very hard and there isn't hardly any transfer I actually had to scratch it to get some on the puff also the powder puff comes off more on my face then the actual powder but the shipping speed was fast and it came unbroken the almay liquid I do however recommend
Giving three stars because product arrived damaged. But size was great. Bought this to put on my stomach under my waist trainer to help sweat more
Looked like decent quality, but was much too small for my standard size blow dryer
Doesn't hold hair for more than an hour
Used for my ends once a week until I noticed it discolored my hair. ☹️
I really liked the price of the product and all the things that the product covers such as: tones, wrinkles, lines, etc. But when I read the ingredients I was floored when I saw alcohol as one of the ingredients and fragrance was also included. I don't know why any night and day cream would have aloe in the same container with alcohol and I don't need my face to smell like perfume. Both alcohol and fragrance dries my skin. If it wasn't for those two issues this product would be awesome because it does what it says. I am going to call Merle and see if there is a fragrance free product and aske her to work on the alcohol issue in this product.
they look great if you can get them to stay on your eyes but good luck even attempting that with the glue it comes with; lash band is super think and kinda uncomfortable but you could probably hide it with some thick liner
Good product but does not last a week if you use it everyday. Not a full tub at all or it would get a five star
Buying it for my friend,but the delivery was so slow that I was awkward to meet him. He doesn't say anything about this item .
Very silly product. I could only use 2 of the stencils . Most were too large of eyebrows. Couldn't use the elastic band
Was expecting cheaper pricing, coming from Amazon!
Love all the oils! However, got my package completely sealed and one of the bottles came empty and it was still fully sealed.
Good moisturizer for lips only been using it for a week lips have a gotten a shade lighter will continue to use
Use in the shower! The water SHOOTS out and could fly across the room quite easily. Even if you keep your mouth shut while using, it will shoot, spill, or fall our of your mouth. Not trying to drink my dirty, gum water haha
I'm giving it a three because it only came today. It seems to be working fine but I don't feel I have had it long enough. To give a really good review.
Felt like cheap lip gloss
Have a tendency to split a the seams
My product arrived one was open and it spilled all over the box! :(
I have moderate psoriasis on my arms and legs. This cream mainly stopped the itch but was no better than any other moisture cream in treating psoriasis. It's ok just not great.
Didn't see a huge difference in my skin but I maybe didn't use it long enough
I like the convenience of Axe body spray but always found the smell too synthetic. I saw the bed bath and beyond. Thought I'd give it a try. I like their cologne lines... This stuff is nothing special though. It's overpriced Axe. Don't get me wrong it smells fine and didn't give any skin irritation. It's just overpriced.
This one is heavy-handed and extremely strong, for a Sandalwood. Someone outside my house noticed it and I did not have a window open. Very, very strong. I guess I expected a lighter fragrance, but it is still better than that nonsense for sale at the grocery store
Really soft and silky and matches pretty well but I needed a more full look as I have shoulder length hair and these didn't deliver. They are definitely not as full as the pictures. I was pretty disappointed. I need them for Easter and mothers day and had to buy an extra set and paid an extra 3.99 for one day shipping. We will see how they hold up
Really strong tea tree smell. Minimal lather.
I really love the fragrance of this deodorant, but I did have a headache for almost two weeks while adjusting to the scent! As other reviews stated, it is certainly strong! I used it for several months and it worked well. I did have to reapply on several occasions, but that didn't bother me. After about 8/9 weeks though, it seemed to stop working and left a very unpleasant scent. It also left some yellowing / stain on a few of my shirts that took several washes to remove. I will try again at a future date, as I bought the two pack, but I'm not sure that I will purchase again. It is so hard to find a natural deodorant that works!! :-(
So far, I haven't seen the improvement I was expecting. I love Clarins products, but this one is a bit of a disappointment. I have been using it morning and night for more than a month...
The hair came in less than 24 hours thanks to prime. It was packaged nicely. However the hair looks good but it's not so good. The shedding of the hair is SOOOO BAD omg, so bad. I gave it 3 starts because the closure is so good & don't feel like it's made with the other hair. They say you pay for what you get right ?
Doesn't really smell like plumeria.
disappointed in the outcome
I still think this might be a fake product because my lashes grow very little.
Good quality fit and finish, but fell apart after 6 months. I thought it would've lasted longer for $30.
The eyelashes seem to be good quality, but were to hard to put on and did not come with instructions. Fast delivery.
Definitely find a blog where they detail all the steps required to prevent any ingrown hairs. It's painful the first time you do it, and you'll still have baby spiky hairs at the end of it all, but I find it easier than shaving. I like that I can use it dry; I can get comfortable and follow the odd pattern in which my hair grows. I have thick, coarse hair so shaving is very, very uncomfortable (due to the thickness of the hair when it grows back in). When this is used properly it pulls the hair out at the root so the returning growth process is much gentler.
This does have a sting when applied, but I have never peeled. I will keep using it to see if my skin improves.
Hard to get mascara off, even non- waterproof type.
This is a steady stream and not a spray and there's not a lot in the can, especially for the price
I tried a lot of Vit. C serum. This one is okay. I love the scent. It's not that thick compared to others and it's just gentle to the skin.
Cannot be styler with flat iron as described but can use hot water. Hot water works great but after the hard is a bit hard and some section of hair do not take heat. I loved the wig but I needed it a bit more curly.
I have ordered this product before and the cuticle pusher is completely different than the one I ordered a few months ago. Disappointed in the new one
This smells okay and really moisturizers. It's creamy which is nice, but I don't feel like my face gets very clean because it's like slick lotion. I have sensitive skin and have tolerated it.
Got these as first brush set for pre-teen. They are fine for that cause, but quality is just ok.
My only issues is these Body Wash is very thin and watery. It seems to require a lot to get any soap suds.
I like the dryer it does great but it have so much power it will make electric sockets smell like it's over heating if it don't have the reset plug
No instructions on how to hook up to wifi. But works very well
It was to strong and sticky for my fine hair. I couldn't run my fingers through my hair after spraying. It may be because I live in a very dry climate.....other reviewer didn't seem to have the same experience.
I didn't realize how limited the water capacity was so it's not as good as I had anticipated.
I like the way this primer works on my skin and have bought it numerous times. The only reason I have given this a 3 star rating is because the pump has not worked on 50% of the containers (I have bought 6 containers so far) I have bought. I use a Q-Tip to retrieve the primer. I wish they would perfect the dispenser so that the problem can be avoided
some of the oils were not to my liking. I didn't like the peppermint or the clove at all, the lemon we ok
Water pressure isn't very good and the battery wears down quickly. An ok deal for the price, but I should have spent a little more for better quality.
Nice moisturizer, not sure it does what they say it does.
Nothing special. You can purchase similar palette's almost anywhere during the holiday season for the same price. But nice enough to give as gift and I'm not disappointed with my purchase.
I just opened up the package and my first thought is that the color is very different than the picture (much lighter). Also, the ends of the pieces are really thin and wispy. If I were to order this product again, I would get the longer extensions so that I could trim the ends so they would appear thicker.
The Pads where fine for a several baths but the pad split open. That was a big negative for me!!!!
I usually used Taylor of Old Bond Street. I tried this because it was a few dollars cheaper, well you get what you pay for. Not a bad product but in my opinion not as good as Taylor of Old Bond Street.
Just opened, but the drainage tub doesn't clip/attach to the unit. So much for product testing before shipping. Hopefully it works well.
Seem smaller than 3 inches, more like 2...
Love the lotion but not a huge fan of this smell
It's OK, not great. Needs at least 3 coats.
Average product, noting to complain about it and nothing special about as well. Does the job fine, but the price is a bit high
Did not help with our situation but it is pretty extreme so maybe not a review you should put much weight on. That is why we Gave product 3 stars, do not feel can rate it higher due to lack of use, but lower would not be fair either. did the review so I hopefully do not get a dozen more requests for one,,,,
Extremely thin hair pieces
I ordered these magnetic lashes because I have very short eyelashes, and have heard people talking about magnetic lashes, so I decided to see what the hype was all about. The package came in a timely manner, and everything was packaged very nicely, however, the shorter lashes are kind of bent out of shape a little. The cases that hold the lashes are very nice. They come in different sizes, which is nice, because we all dont have the same size or shape of eye. The reason I gave it 3 stars is because these are difficult to put on, for me anyway. It took several attempts to get them on. I guess I just need more practice. I feel they would be easier to apply if it came with magnetic eyeliner, like some other similar products do.
It was terrible quality wig but I only needed it for one day (Halloween) to complete a mermaid costume. It did the job but by the end of the evening it was tangled in a big mess. It's good for one use
Not impress with the color. Far different from the photo...its to light...bundles full.
Had high hopes. Might work on ladies. Doesn't work on this old man.just another
Loved the design and the ventilation that these caps have. However I was a tad bit disappointed that they run smaller than expected. My head circumference is average (22 inches) and I wasn't exactly comfortable constructing my wig with this cap out of fear it wouldn't fit correctly.
Within the first week one completely lost its elastic. The rest are fine.
Worked great first time. Then did nothing at all.
The tube product came in was not full . Tube was only 1/4 full . Wondering if this product is defective.
I like the length, style and density of this wig. It didn't have a weird smell out of the package. However, it gets tangled very easily. Just running your hands through it will get tangles. I didn't like the baby hairs on it but I could always cut more baby hair to my liking.
the warmer is fine, but the wax bean doesn't really help much
I gave it away as a gift.
I love the red color!! It lasting 24 hours nope, it last probably 4-5 hours at best. It actually dries out your lips I would recommend applying the clear gloss every few hours.
Seemed cheap Product wise
Just got it and installed it. Directions are in German and we're of little help. Thankfully, it's not too difficult to figure out. One hinge at the bottom of the mirror came unattached and requires an Allen wrench/hex key to screw it into the mirror. Luckily, I have a set of those. Just pretty careless with providing English directions and the right tools. Not a bad light once it is installed, though.
Very easy to use found battery doesn't last as long as was informed doesn't give a great shave on my head even though throughly cleaned out it feels like morning stubble when your done. If going out to a special occasion I would have to use my shave cream and disposable razor to look good Also there is no way to clean middle razor as it does not pop out to clean like rest.
Holes could be a little bigger.
As described.. seems to be working.
Felt great on but gave me acne.
I like the idea, but it kind of smells like the oil is going rancid. It doesn't even smell like it has a hint of coconut. I was expecting that aroma, but alas, nothing like that.
They came really sharp and worked well the first couple of weeks, but now that it's been a little over a month they're already quite dull
I like the product, but the oil had leaked out during mailing and I am only getting a partial benefit from the product....I did email the vender 2 times but, only got an auto respond that was totally vague
I thought, two part will be sticked with each other. But, one roller is separate from another one. Not satisfied. Don't buy it. It doesn't look exactly like the picture.
2 out of 6 bath bombs were broken. The box it was delivered in and the box that holds them are not damaged. One of the bath bombs is nothing but loose powder. One is half sold and the rest loose powder. They smell great and I'm sure they will have the same effect. Im still going to use them just hope in the future they all stay intact.
Received lashes as gift
This was a little smaller (shorter) than I thought it would be. Couldn't fit my makeup in it as I would have preferred but I was able to use it as a nail polish holder instead. Good quality bag otherwise.
Love it. BUT fell apart after just s couple months. Poor quality.
It is simply a nice moisturizer. I see no improvement in my skin.
So this comb is nice and I do like it. It is one of my favorites. The handle is so smooth and it was sturdy when it arrived. The issue I have is that mine just cracked out of nowhere. I never dropped it or mishandled it. It does not affect the usage, but I just didn't expect this thing to crack a month later. Maybe I didn't notice it and it could have arrived cracked... kinda disappointed.
Needed one. Its good quality.
They are ok but they don't last long
it's pretty but I don't love that you can't really bend/mold the band to shape it.
I gave 3 stars cause I did not see an improvement on my under eyes. It helped puffiness but that's about it. Smells great, super moisturizing; that's about it.
I thought this was a kit that included toothpaste. I already have mouthwash and a teeth whitening powder I use. I don't think this is worth the investment. Reading the reviews and questions by "verified buyers" I thought it came with toothpaste. Also has a very strong smell. Not satisfied with my purchase. I rather aid my teeth back to health with a toothpaste like Toms and oil pulling.
Its great but dont last long
2nd time buying a Bamboo Tooth Brush. This time I have some early observations for you to consider. This order, like the 1st order from a different maker, came 4 to the set. Bamboo handles. Charcoal coated or infused bristles. So here's the info you should know: Bamboo handles are a pleasure to hold & use with a smooth comfortable shape. Charcoal Bristles offer no benefits that I can identify. If in fact they are black due to Charcoal, I feel, see, and taste no difference compared to the non-charcoal brushes I've used throughout my life. Also, the Bristles are very soft which I've adjusted to but wonder if a stiffer bristle would clean/polish my teeth more effectively than these very soft bristles. Of course if you like a soft bristle than you might like this brush as they feel very nice. A nicely priced set of 4 that will appeal to some folks and I can recommend them for design, and quality of build & finish.
I have a very sensitive scalp, so this may just be my issue. However, this was somewhat drying when I did the first application. Need to give it more time. Like having the small plastic "helpers" provided to break the glass and put on over the broken edge so that you can apply the solution to your scalp. Very nice. This product did may my hair look fuller overall.
Get the most coarse roller you can get because they just don't sand off that much off of a callous.
I've just recently switched to natural products and so far this one is the best. However, I wish it had a thicker consistency. I never know how many pumps I need. I want to love this but it dries my face though it is minimal. Unfortunately, It makes my cheeks and chin red and irritated which is disappointing. If i dont find something better I'll probably come back to this.
The more I I use it the less I like the taste. I think it's the Geranium. Other than that I like it and I will buy a defferent flavor.
It was fir my daughter and she says it actually makes the hair more oily.
Been using this for over 6 months now, this lotion does what it claims. It whitens/brightens the skin, but it's temporary. Once it's washed off, there's no difference to skin especially the dark spots.
MY FRIEND PREFER THE FIVE BLADE
This was more 'glittery' than I had hoped but it looked decent on. And it did seem to stay on pretty long. They only problem was that it seemed to deposit some shadow and 'glitter' under my eye (and I didn't apply any there) leaving enough for a slight crease (eye bag) to form 'under' my eye from the shadow. Never recall this happening with any other eyeshadow before. Maybe the glitter effect just made it more noticible.
smells like cinnamon, which was nice, though using it only made my skin burn and didn't offer any pain relief. may just be my skin type, i'm not sure.
Too expensive. Found cheaper by half at Dillard's!
It is a good leave-in conditioner; however, I do not think it brightened my hair. I do recommend it as a leave in conditioner.
They look bigger in the picture but they're actually quite small. Recommend for short hair.
Good product for the price
It burred relatively well, but balls up into little clumps when I apply any amount of pressure while putting on my makeup, using my fingers or brushes. I have to do a face check and dust off the leftover, now make-up colored residue.
I got this thinking it'll be a quick fix for my recently damaged hair but I quickly learned that it works BUT I feel like it isn't worth the hype or money.
Pretty nice earrings
Very narrow! So it doesn't hold a thick strand of hairs.and you sure need to use pins to hold it on spot.
I love using this. And, my dentist commented on how much cleaner my teeth are. Pros: Great battery life. Easy to use. Effective. Cons: Quit working after 5 months and Amazon quickly replaced it. Fluid reservoir could hold a little more.
Keeps falling apart when using, it does suck your pores though.
Does not have the protection I was looking to find. Will stick to extra strength old spice. If you don't sweat easy it would be good.
I like it but you guys send me the wrong color. I ordered black, you guys send blonde.
I only used it once, went out of town and today I tried using it again and it won't charge or turn on!! When plugged in the light just flickers red and green. So disappointed because it actually worked great the one time I did get to use it..
This is not very adhesive, but I need a reline.
It's very thin, does not last long. Lipsense is better but way more expensive.
The majority of the adhesive separates from the pad when removed; I have to soak my feet and rub/pick the residual adhesive off the bottom of my feet.
Good quality and fits perfectly. Do not recommend using in washing machine. Wipe it down.
Love the colors however it is a very hard product to use.
Light didn't work very long but the mirrors are as advertised
Isn't that I was expecting, I have short lashes, just give me little bit more extension no as much that I expect .
I included this is a gift bag for my family members and they ran small so some of them didn't get to enjoy there presents
It works ok but it could have better suction power. The extraction tools that come with it is good
Fine quality, I guess, for a little folding pocket comb. Good for a man with short hair. I had thought it was bigger.
It's no longer used after several times. When I got up the next morning, my face was oily and it smelled strange.
I ordered because i have a sample that im in love with. But when i received the big bottle it doesn't smell the same. Dont get me wrong it does smell good but it wasn't the essence i wanted.
Very cheap. Do not recommend
I don't really like this aloe gel. I don't like how it smells and texture (very liquid, no like a gel).
Waaaay too big for me. It opens to almost a pizza size... and the length of string once you close it up, totally in the way. This one went back, and I'm not very picky. Also, because it's cleanable, it reminded me of a shower curtain.
I've purchased a few different nail sets on Amazon to do at home acrylics. This was my most recent, as I was looking to refill my powder/brush set up. I found this would probably work better with a professional grade brush [as each kit has proved]- but overall the powder here doesn't apply smooth. It tends to chunk up and not cover well. If you are more experienced, you could probably mac-giver this to make it work- but if you can purchase something else I'd say move on. The brush crumbles after one use too. The only thing worth keeping is the cup for the liquid. I also only use clear powder- so although it's nice that it gives you all three colors- I ended up not needing them.
Way smaller then I thought it would be...
haver not tried this yet as the plug on it is not english I have tried to find the appropriate adaptor but can not find one . It may be best to send one with the item
Didn't really do anything for my eyes.
Skin feels nice and clean after mask
Got delivered in a ripped box
Nexxus has another shampoo like better
the cream are so thick, hard to apply...and the color is lighter than I expect
Wish it had more suds to it but has a nice smell and does the job. I dunno if I'd buy again though
The colors are good but the bottles are only half filled. You get what you pay for here.
it's not very powerful, but it does the job. however, the different heads arent' strong enough to make much difference unless you take a while on it.
Goes on great and has good coverage at first but does not last long. If you apply it in the morning expect to touch up by the afternoon. At least that has been my experience, even staying in doors and using setting spray/powder by midday it starts to look blotchy.
Glad I tried this but I am going to stick to gel polish and my LED light. I found the powders messy and the finish is matte. Certainly did not save me time.
Not as full as I thought it would be.
Worked great. Took longer than another similar product.
This isn't very sticky. After about an hour of wearing my false lashes, they started coming off
Advertised as lightweight travel dryer. While it has sufficient power, it is too big and heavy. I returned and purchased the baby bliss pro which I love
It is too early to quantify results, but the taste is agreeable and I like the absence of foaming you get with toothpaste. It is pricey, though. I have since learned that bentonite clay (sp) is very abrasive, so I am not using it regularly.
Overall the garden cart is a good product. Very functional and height adjustable seat is a plus. However only 3 of 4 tires were aired up as one of them had a hole in its tube and was flat. Had to replace tube on brand new unit. Wasn't too bad because the rim is split and was easy to disassemble and re-assemble. Would have given it a 4 maybe 5 if not for the flat tire. Assembly was very easy.
Colours dont appear on nails like the photo. Much more muted and more sparkle then colour.
The quality of the donut is exceptional. Very light weight, very large and perfect for super long hair like I have. The issue I ran into with this is I ordered 2 of these and they only sent me one. I contacted the company about the shortage and they asked for pictures, so I sent them. I also asked them to just refund for the one they did not send and let it go at that. I never heard from them again and never got a refund for the one they shorted me on. So, for the quality of these hair donuts, the review is exceptional. As for the seller, my review is not going to be good. These don't cost that much and the money is not the big deal. It's the fact that I was shorted in my order and then blatantly ignored on being shorted that I'm ticked over. They also never sent the second one that I ordered and paid for so I cannot give a good review on the shipper. Only on the quality of the hair piece and it is exceptional, so if you order from them, just order one at a time and you won't have any issues.
I had hard time putting it on
I like the hair for a natural looking ponytail not necessarily to wear down. The hair doesn't stay in place well enough for me to feel comfortable wearing down because after a little while it tends to puff out a little too much and tangle (if that makes sense). It does look natural and it's still soft after 2 days so far.
The product doesn't smell good but the seller packaged the item very well and shipped very quickly. Unfortunately, I realized that I'm not a fan of this product at all
I really like the way this oil feels on my skin but my main issue with it is the smell... I don't know if I got a rancid batch, but it's got an off putting, raw turkey odor to it. I'd try to return it but I added some essential oils to cover the scent so I don't think I can.
So, I liked the shampoo a lot! Worked great the first time I used it this past Friday. My complaint is that however it was packaged and shipped to me caused about a 1/3 of the shampoo to spill out. :/ The messiness wasn't a huge deal though I'm not super picky. I will use the shampoo, but not sure if shipping it is going to work out next time!
I had my eye on this product for a while and when I finally got it was disappointed. I got a break out and my underarm was sore and very dark. I went away after I stopped use.
It was described as having an external pocket, but it didn't. It was a lot easier to carry than the shoulder carrier that the tank came with.
I ordered this for a trip but didn't receive it until I returned from the trip I wanted to take it on.. I did like the bag but found it to be too bulky for my suitcase even if I was to keep it for my other trips. I travel a lot and I needed something that would be sturdy and allow for organization and extra space in my suitcase and this was not the product for that.
This was our second order because the first box went over so well with my daughter. The 3rd bath bomb we used only had half of the toy. My daughter was super sad. Considering how much these are, its sad that the 2.00 toy inside wasn't even complete.
Doesn't keep my hair held up and my hair is not even thick...
I didn't really notice any significant difference while using this.
Works great on tangles but leaves hair feeling gross. I expected better from this brand.
I bought these because i prefer blue glass over amber, I need them as testers and to mix sample blends. These do the trick with one exception, the reducers do not fit snug at all. I won't be able to use these to mail or to give away as they will leak or spill when used. I can still use them for mixing but now I will have to buy something else to secure my blends.
I've tried many oil brands and Plant Therapy is hit or miss. Many of the scents require more drops than usual and scents don't last longer than about 60 minutes. To be fair there are a few which are somewhat strong such as peppermint, spearmint, lemon, and a few others but many are weak or unpleasant. Makes a good set to use by mixing with other, higher quality oils thus creating your own custom scents.
It stated it was a 14 inch but more like 8 inches
Their ok, not steady, not exactly necessary.
Cheaply made and didn't like how low quality the material was
I love these, but I also don't like them. They broke after maybe 5 times, which, for the price it would be ok for me maybe after 20, but I can't see them living for one day in shoes, only worn by themselves or in socks. I only wore mine to bed to keep body butter on my badly cracked heels. They work wonderfully for this purpose but like I said they split after only a few times. Maybe they should offer different shoe sizes (a range) and those with bigger ankle/heel/foot areas they have to open these up for they will fit better and not wear out so quickly?
Doesn't shave as close as a safety razor. Hard to get an all over close shave!
Not same color as shown
Not what I expected.
Battery goes down a lot
This body scrub is high quality. It's a very fine grit and left my skin super soft without lotion. But I did take away stars because the scent is very strong. I love orange, but this is a bit overwhelming. The second reason I took away a star is because it made my skin burn. I have sensitive skin and I think that the orange oil is just too potent. I intend to try other scrubs from this line because this is clearly a high quality product, but this particular scrub is too harsh for me.
The black doesn't seem to dry quickly and when I try and put a top coat on, it smears. It is pretty solid color though.
The Instyler is just OK. It just isn't as good as my flat iron. Flat iron works much better at getting all of my hair straight. The Instyler wasnt faster than flat iron. Wish i had t wasted the $.
The blades are very rough and that may be the reason why they are cheap. Moreover each blade doesn't last more than four shaves.
don't care for the smell of the product
For the price they are decent, but way to soft to work correctly with my sonicare. I didnt get the same clean as actual sonicare heads.
I liked the feel of the material-not slippery. But I found the buttons too easy to push/hit while using. I also found the high blowing setting too strong and made my hair frizzy. I have coarse, thick hair. For the price the buttons should be better designed.
Scissors and comb are good quality, button popped off of pouch first use.
Didn't work on some hair but definitely eliminated all peach fuzz.
Not as bright as I would like. My room is pretty dark so I would like this to be bright so I don't have to buy a separate light.
Bottle in picture is misleading. Received tiny bottle of castor oil.
It works. I just dont like how you can see the type when closing the eye and something the end of the tape peels a bit
Product did not fit my Shiseido! Not bad for the price. I did fit my drug store wand and it does okay.
One of the heads became unstable, although I use it one a week for a year period
I had used this hair product when I was in my 20s and it improved the look and feel of my hair. Now that I am older, I do not feel its use is as beneficial.
Works good but the color came off
I liked this product. I bought it in May 2017. Used it thrice every 2 weeks.The batteries died in June 2018. :(
Nice smell, just like original flower smell
it was not great. just a normal cream you would expect
It smells good but this isn't the same scent as it was years ago. I miss the old scent.
I thought for sure it would taste like dirt but it doesn't! It has a faint minty taste and I'm only giving it 3 stars because I didn't notice a difference after a few uses.
I loved the well less tips, sometimes they cracked when i primed them but over all i would buy again. I told the seller thus issue and they said they would semd me some more or refund me. I chose more tips and still havent recieved them and that was months ago. Thats the only reason they get three stars...
Screens are a little small & can't hear it very well above normal engine noise. Very portable & we use it in our camper also! Good product for the price
The nails won't last not even for 3 days, maybe the nail polish is no that good , I'll try with a different brand. The lamp is easy to use.
much darker than pictured
This is a nice serum for the price. The only downside is it kind of has an odd smell and it doesn't last very long.
I've been using this for a few months and while it makes my skin look better in part, continued daily use after a while has made my skin break out in blotchy red patches (specifically below my lip on the left side and on the left side of my nose). I started to use it less than daily, often every other day, sometimes less when the red patches would appear again, but I do not think this fits my skin well. It did make it look better for a brief time though, just know that it is not biologically made for everyone.
Liked product but not a lot of product
Didn't really notice a difference
My skin feels smoother afterwards, yet did not clear up any acne. Good for uses other than acne
The scent is awful and it comes in a smaller bottle than the original
Didn't see any real improvement felt good on my skin.
The pen works well, but the color was a little more "red" than I wanted. I chose the brown as some reviews said the chestnut color was more red. Not sure which color to buy as I have light brown/gray eyebrows.
About a 1/4 of the bottle leaked out, it should have been packed better
The mirror was nice but arrived damaged. I couldn't plug the usb cord into the base because the hole was misaligned. returned it for that reason and ordered a different one.
It's ok for the price but clothes do not go on or come off easily.
Not a very attractive color. looks like it was discolored, doesn't look natural. It is somewhat impermeable, however it does absorbs water but just slower. if you leave on to of water or if water stays on it for some time it begins to get soaked. It does have a lot of space, i was able to put everything i needed in it, but I was expecting something more sophisticated look and better quality. maybe ordering the black one would be a better choice.
Came of after 1 wash, smelled like grape
I like the product, but it didn't come with the pump top shown.
It didn't really do much for my arthritis, but then again my arthritis is "bone on bone" so it would be asking a lot of one product.
This stuff does not work
I do love this shampoo (I had used it previously) but was really disappointed when my liter came with the top broken and shampoo everywhere (like half the bottle gone)
It's good for the price, don't get me wrong... but it's too soft? Idk, it just doesn't feel right. Maybe I just miss my old one, but it gets the job done.
the product covered well and looks so natural but it only lasted a few weeks and I was down to the metal part of the compact. Every time I called customer service I got a voicemail, and they did reach out to me but also left a voicemail. I am disappointed that for $69.99 it only lasted a few weeks because it is a great product.
Been using this for a few months now, have not noticed any difference in new hair growth, or less hair falling out. It is a nice shampoo though I notice a little bit more volume at my roots when it's dry. I also don't use it every day so I dunno if it would work better used every day.
not worth the price, jagged edges, not completely finished product I will have to buy better ones
It didn't hold the denture well.
This is a good product but difficult to apply. A user recommended scooping the surface with your fingernails. It works but it's messy. I expected a softer consistency.
having trouble getting them to stay on. spent a couple of hours doing my nails and the next morning they fell off.
This is a costume wig only. I bought it hoping I could work my magic and make it wearable as a regular synthetic wig, but there is no way. I got what I paid for. As a costume wig it's pretty good, but it definitely would never pass for regular wig. It's super synthetic, ultra shiny, the lowest heat setting will make it melt/shrink/frizz. Cap construction is basic, and good for the price of the wig. It sheds, what do you expect from a wig this cheap? I've been spoiled by buying some really good synthetic wigs on Amazon for really cheap, but this time no such luck. Can't hate on it too much because it is a super cheap wig, therefore you get the quality of a super cheap wig. Just don't buy for any purpose other than costume or you'll be disappointed.
Took a little longer to arrive than expected, but works beautifully. Very well built, sturdy comb.
I bought this at a local store first and loved the colors and the shimmer , then I saw on Amazon and decided to order. Unfortunately, when the order came the shadows were all cracked, broken and mixed together. I just kept it because to much trouble to send back , probably happened during shipping.
Didn't do the trick for my curls. I've heard it works for others
Ah just okay. Didn't notice any more difference than using regular conditioner.
I love the way it feels on my hair , it smells like coconut which I love and it calms down my frizzy hair but doesn't last for long.
Product arrived sealed and in good shape. Bought as a gift for my husband, but unfortunately he did not like this fragrance.
It's beautiful and works very good, but it was smaller then expected.
they colors are hard to tell apart I had to go back a couple of times to see which color is which
I love this product, I do. This is my second time ordering it, and I'll likely be ordering it again soon because my mother swears by the softness of the shea butter from this seller specifically. But both times now, the container that it's shipped in has arrived completely busted while the shipping box is fine, meaning that this is an issue with the seller, not the shipment company. It's pretty frustrating, especially when I haven't had this problem with other sellers before.
Unfortunately, the pads didn't provide any relief. They ended up bunching up under my foot with my sock on. Also, although the packaging said it was a "4 piece kit", I only received 3 pieces. No matter - I will return and seek other options.
Looks cool, easy to pack, but hard to get all the product back out of the containers.
Can't set it up to connect with wifi
I love how easy it is to apply on the skin and comfortable it feels on the skin for long period of time. But it is not good to re-use with large tape size if your scar is long. For large scars you would need to cut tape to small sizes if your going to re-use the tape.
The scent is nice, I expected the consistency to be more oily and creamy but it is watery which makes weird to use.
5 of the tea lights didn't work. Disappointing!
This is a decent shaver for the bikini area/nether regions. On the legs, it's not a very close shave even going back and forth over the areas. Im disappointed with that and usually follow up with a razor. I got it for the bikini area and it's okay. Not awesome. Easy to take apart and clean. Light enough to sit on top of the charger (while charging) and not fall off the wall.
Wish it heated the water a bit hotter, just okay.
Color only stayed bright and vibrant for about 2/3 washes.
It feels really good but not sure how it helps me skin just yet. Been using it for a week.
Ended up just buying the real thing but in a roller-ball
Not water resistant. Before I took a shower, I put the wig on with the glue and a shower cap, I guess the moisture cause the wig to raise up...it does the job though and it's easy to wash out.
This is a mustache comb, not a beard comb
Not worth the price..
Works good nothing great and nothing bad to say. With the price increase definitely not worth the value.
This product feels great on skin. It moisturizes and it's jot too heavy. It mixed great with my foundation to make a BB cream.....BUT it Made my face break out in bad hives. I've never had a reaction or allergy to any skin care product before so I don't know what it is but it was bad. I thought it was just some acne at first because I started my period but as it got worse and worse I realized it was hives from the product. Itchy then PAINFUL hives. It may work great for you but was not a success for me. Will be pursuing a refund for sure.
It's okay-but I found it to be very drying. I bought this for my face for Halloween. I make sure to moisturize my face well, but even with that I only made it through taking pictures at home before I had to remove it to actually go trick or treating because it was uncomfortable.
My children enjoyed this as play make up. As an adult i would not recommend but play make up it's great.
I have being using for a while. I am a pedicure technician, so I'm using to hold my client's leg. I can say that the leather is really good and well made, but now Matter how much I tie it continues to slip down. Now to make it clear, it's have nothing to do with the weight that it's applied because I tested the theory.
I use these for my dry heels and they are great to sleep in or when I wear flip flops.
Saw some decent results from these but when i went to buy more the price had nearly doubled, won't be buying them again.
TOBS is excellent--however, these came dried out.
It covers great, in one coat. But it really takes forever to dry, and the brush is so long, it just feels really clumsy.
Nothing special, just as good as the Blue Emu available at Walmart at a much lower price.
Love the way they look, really dislike how soft and flimsy the bristles are. It takes way more pressure and way more passes to use the brushes than I'm used to.
Works but the bristles bend too easily
This dryer is really quiet. The problem I have with it is that it left my hair too soft. My hair would not hold a style. This would be a great dryer for someone with thick straight hair. Hair would be super soft, but if you have shorter hair and want to style it, this isn't the dryer for you.
A bit difficult to use as it needs to be for good results. Does not twist as much as expected however no doubt most can figure it out without issue. I'm a big older and find it challenging. Many pieces to play with though!
CHEAPY BUT IT DOES THE JOB!
The product, especially the primer works well. However whatever the particles are in the aerosol they are horribly irritating and will literally choke me to where I start coughing. I have taken to not using the brush and just spraying in my palm to avoid all the over spray. You don't need to spray but a little to get maximum affect.
All three bottles of this product were leaking from the top when it arrived. They were wrapped in plastic, but the plastic ripped. The top seems to come unscrewed in transit. Manufacturer should put firm cover over product opening. Since some of the product leaked out, Amazon can replace one bottle if you want. Thank you. Nancy
This does work. My hair is left feeling soft and healthy. The only reason I didn't give this more stars is because of the smell. It smells like chemicals and I was actually scared to even try it once I smelled it. I usually use it after I shower at night so by morning it doesn't smell so strong anymore but I just wish it didn't smell so strong of chemicals.
It was ok but the wrong shade for me.
I did not use product - color did not match my skin - instead of blonde it appeared to be red. However, the convenience of the brow dressing and consistency were very nice. Also packaging is attractive . I am hesitant to try next darker color as I fear it will be too dark.
Works but can cause for sore mouth in the morning.
A good value for the amount of blades you get for the money compared to the name brand. The downside for me is they only seem to hold an edge for two shaves where the name brand will last me a week. If you don't shave everyday and don't have a thick beard and are looking to save some money then this is your blade however with me having to replace them every two shaves it's not really a money saver.
Took long still compared to others Scent was nice
Taste like dirt. Smells unpleasantly also.. no mint at all basically. Dont know if it whitens any good as im probably not going to use this stuff
This product it okay but it seems to have shortage in the drill
This powder does cover nicely, but goes on too white.
Just half month after I bought, the price reduced, I even haven't tried it. This make me feel bad.But, my friend tole me it works for her
Good size bottle. Spray bottle is nice for sandy babies. Only problem is it came late and didn't arrive before I left for my trip, which was very disappointing.
I have been using this product for three weeks and no change. I use it once per day....no result. Three stars for the nice packaging. But thats about it.
Has great staying power on your lips but is a little sticky and transfers to other stuff like your cup or your SO
Works fine but expensive and do not last as long as they say they will.
My 6 month jar lasted just 2 months! That was with just one person brushing twice a day. That is absolutely ridiculous for the price.
did not work as well as original heads.
These work as expected and at a good price. I use them for dental work in my office instead of the ones exactly like them through the local dental supply dealer for twice the cost... be aware though... these do NOT bend to change the angle of the tip (at least not past 30-45 degrees)! They break!
As many others have said, it makes your skin feel so soft and it did seem to firm my skin, but it unfortunately made my skin break out horribly so I had to stop using it.
I posted an earlier comment with a rating on 1, saying this product never arrived. I am correcting that incorrect information, It did arrive, and product is as advertised.
I finish the product but my daughter still biting her nails.
I originally bought this product at the recommendation of a couple friends. I get bad ingrowns and folliculitis on my legs so I thought this would be good to help combat that. It was a nice exfoliant and wasn't greasy like other body scrubs I've used in the past but I really didn't notice any difference after using up the whole container. With how much this cost and no noticeable benefit I don't know that I would repurchase it in the future.
I feel I either don't know how to wear it correctly or it's just very uncomfortable.It feels too small to place it the right way even though my mouth is pretty small.
After using this replacement brush, I prefer to purchase the actual sonic care brand. The brush does not fit in the travel case provided with the toothbrush, and they seem to get loose easily from the handle.
Would give it more stars if I could get one without cracks in the lid.
Much better than the less expensive ones I've tried. Does great as an every day type of shaver, but once my hair grows for more than two days, this has a lot of trouble cutting it. The pop-out detailer on the back is underpowered and won't cut it either at that point, so if you don't shave every day you'll need a second appliance or razor to catch up.
My bottle came broken which is why I'm giving it 3 stars. The top of the bottle comes off with the cap so I have to dig my finger into the small opening to get any product out & it seems super unsanitary and is just very annoying. Besides that, it feels very gentle on my skin & smells amazing.
Super soft, felt like they weren't getting my teeth clean. The handles were a little rough on a couple. Don't think I'd buy these again.
Hard to see liquid level in the bottle while filling. Overfilled a few and made a mess (thankfully we had a tray! so it was contained) Otherwise decent bottles as expected.
It doesn't smell manly, though husband said was “okay” fragranced and might use. As a lotion it is good, the smell just wasn't what I expected, especially in context of the packaging. Good ingredients go in it. They are worth trying it over. More natural type stuff.
These were fine, mostly I just needed a pair of insoles because mine had fallen out completely. That said, it was annoying to trim these down to the right size and I ended up making them too narrow. Plus, I actually feel like my brand new socks smell way worse after walking around on these which wasn't even the reason I bought them. But hey, that was just my experience.
Looks very nice for a synthetic wig
They took so long to come I forgot I ordered them. They are cute n functional
I looked like I was ready for Halloween in these eyelashes. Fortunately, I have others that are more realistic that I can use. The magnetic eyeliner works perfectly. They are pretty easy to apply, especially compared to regular glue-on eyelashes.
This was one that I kinda called a loss. It doesn't look so natural it tangled very bad for me. I don't really wear it.
Didn't really work for me. Maybe it's just my skin type (oily) but my acne flared up while using this during the summer
I only noticed a tingle with first application, but really no plumping.
The snap bands are akward to use and fall out.
It wasn't bad, it does the job but I think it's definitely worth to splurge on a little bit nicer of one, not necessarily a beauty blender. It is a little tough for blending but buffing it in with dabbing motions I find is used best!
They are good quality, but the magnets are a little too big and noticeable. I've gotten some from a local store and the magnets were barely noticeable even up close.
Very nice towel and I like the fact that it is made from organic materials. I don't mind paying for that but these seemed to be a bit expensive even taking that into account. Would be perfect at 1/2 the cost. I would purchase again if it were 1/2 the cost but at $1.50 each just too much to pay.
I didn't get a conditioning cream, what I got was a shampoo instead, will try it and see how it works
The tea didnt have the taste that I'm use to..This was cheaper so I guess you get what you pay for..Wont be buying this again..I want a refund and they are telling me I'm out of luck..
Didn't feel any different than any other shampoo.
Nice light, My color stayed on for over a week until I peeled them off because I wanted something new. I have found myself putting my hands under the light for longer time than 30 seconds or even multiple times for the gelly feel to go away. I would like a light that is literally 30 seconds and done, but this is more 60 seconds and the top coat I always do 90 seconds. I guess I should have expected it not to be 100% perfect given the price. Great light for the price, as I said before, it would be nice for 30 seconds. But it is a nice for 30$ and better than my UV light that takes 2 minutes a hand. I still am able to cut my time in half, which is what I was hoping for.
I have these stubborn dark circles that I am constantly trying to vanquish, and nothing seems to work. I had hoped that since this is specially formulated for undereye circles it would be more effective than other concealers, but alas, it is not. It's an improvement over nothing but I certainly would not say my dark circles are "erased."
The smell is decent, but grew on me the longer I used it. The soap is a little harsh, and I found myself quite itchy from it after having switched from a more expensive, but superior soap brand. I might buy more as it's a lot of bang for you buck.
I've posted quite a few of these wigs (on average 1 every month and a half) but it's more b/c they are easy to get from Amazon and not because of the quality. Truth is I NEVER know what I am going to get. The GOOD thing about these wigs is that they have a VERY natural looking texture which is what I LOVE. People always think this is my hair. If they are full and fairly new they are actually quite nice looking. I get the same length most times (18 inches) but the wigs are NEVER there same. If they were consistently good I'd be fine with that, but they are not. Sometimes I get a wig that makes me think I've ordered the wrong thing when taking it out of the box. I JUST received a wig that's so pitiful looking that I will be returning it. I NEVER return things b/c I am lazy, but I refuse to just give away my money. This last wig I got is thin and the top of the wig is 14 inches at best while the very back is 18 inches (what I ordered) . It is not full at all. Usually I add weave hair to these wigs b/c I have a kinky straight bundle purchased from somewhere else a long time ago. But I refuse to waste my time AND bundle trying to make this newest wig acceptable. Especially since these wig only last about a good month before they start shedding and looking like what they cost. Side note: I only use steam rollers on these wigs b/c heat will shorten the lifespan even more AND heat makes them stink VERY badly (even using a low temp AND heat protectant). Also, I don't ever really wear wigs without a bang/side swoop because I have a big five head AND I also I can't be bothered with trying to blend the front with my hairline. I have worn other lace fronts pulled back though, and I don't think these wigs are good for doing that. All in all they are decent wigs that you can easily purchase from Amazon and they don't break the bank so you don't have to try to get months/years out of a dying wig. However, I think I may have to go back to paying a bit more for a decent Italian Yaki/Kinky Straight unit. I am tired of playing a guessing game everytime I get my order. I will attach pics of me in this wig over the last few years or so, just so people can see that these can be decent wigs (in my opinion). The quality and fullness is just not consistent, so MOST times I add hair, and I purchase them a lot more frequently to keep them looking like I like them.
Great palm hand brush, was hoping the bristles would've been a Lil more sturdy, but a good brush
I have been using it for several months now. It does work, but you have to be consistent. I use it, my wife uses it, and my son uses it. Its great !
It is not that easy to use. I prefer its another eye brow line.
Works ok way too curvy for me
Very poor bottle quality. Clean glass with thin film to make it look pretty. Unfortunately the film were damaged and that is how it was received.
Working well, but not great. Needs a better cutting head.
Hydrating but that's as far as I can recommend the product.
I would give it 5 stars as I do love this ankle bracelet...but I wore it a few hours on the beach/pool in the Bahamas after about 4 hours I looked down and it turned gold ...I wound up taking it off . It's pretty if you dont wear it in the water
Only a three star rating on this machine. My doctor isn't sure I should be using it.
This gel made my eyes burn and made my eyes puffy. Size and moisture seemed good but some allergic ingredient was in this product sorry to say.
Does not work on biracial hair. It pulls just as much as my old brush when trying to detangle my son's hair.
I like the product, good for my wig
If your buying this for the fact that it has a toothbrush your going to be very disappointed, my toothbrush broke 6 months in. It wasn't even the charging issue that past ones have been plagued with but the actual piece the toothbrush connects on literally broke off while changing. The unit is nice and compact and works well but that's it. But an Aquasonic toothbrush if you want a really good one, and get a waterpik without the crappy toothbrush.
It's nice and soft and cleans standard clippers. However multiple bristles fall out with EACH cleaning. And I clean clippers multiple times with each haircut.
Did Not match my hair color which is blonde and baby fine hair, however the customer support was great and so I raised this review by one star...the color did not match my hair...
The quality seems good. Im only giving it 3 stars because i thought it was off with color matching.... it would be helpful taking pictures of the hair pieces in the natural light. Like laying it on a standard brown paper bag so we're can get the idea of the hue
certainly grip the hair, but the circumference is a little larger than expected. Needs to be a little tighter. I have medium thickness, but fine textured hair.
The colors looked great in the box and on my hair. It took several tries to figure out how to use the chalk properly and even then, I had to press/pull so hard on the chalk to get it onto my hair that they were pulling my hair out. Granted, I have a lot of hair so I wasn't missing a few strands but I wouldn't recommend this to anyone with thin hair. If you do get it, get something to put between your hair and the lid of the disk.
I was extremely excited for these; however, I found that they were way too hard/tough for me. I used the product for four days and my gums felt raw. I used it in the morning and my regular toothbrush at night. Other than my personal experience, the product itself is a solid product. It seems like it would last for awhile. It just wasn't for me personally.
This does seem to extend the length of my manicure but I don't find it the miracle product others do. I get maybe 5-7 days instead of 2-3 out of my polish with this.
Smooths and help straighten but doesn't hold up in humidity
Expensive price, makes my hair super greasy, Haven't seen any difference. Not impressed.
Pretty cool, I was not able to take a picture but it did pull out some of my black heads. Will be using it more regularly, but it's pretty effective.
This wig is a nice lace front wig for the price, but there is some shedding. Also, there seems to be a lot of reddish looking strands as if those strands were gray and then dyed. The size of this wig is not for larger heads.
This would have gotten 5 stars if the packaging was different! How wasteful of my money to recieve it exploded. Something needs to be done about this because i know i am not the only one. I love this shampoo and conditioner but this is just ridiculous!
Curling iron was much larger and heavier than I expected. I wanted it for travel but 2 big and heavy. I do like the curling iron itself. I really like the heat adjustment. I just decided to use this one as a home one. Love the color
Read all the rave Milani reviews and order a4 different colors. Found these too deeply pigmented to look natural on my skin.
Would have liked a product that didn't have an expired date.
I have these for about 3 months, so far well enough except I replace the head due to wear and tear every 4 weeks vs OEM 8-10 weeks, so " you get what you pay for" is valid for this product.
The product worked great for me in the past, however when I got mine in the mail this time it had already been opened and half of the bottle was empty.... Won't be using for sanitary purposes.
When I received it, the pump had popped up and some of the product was leaking---luckily, not too much, but it could have been a real mess and at least it was in a plastic bag. I had slightly higher hopes for the fragrance though. I wanted fresh and green and it smelled more soapy. Maybe the roll on and the spray will be better.
Product came unsealed and some of the power spilled out.
Smaller than I thought it would be.
Did not get rid of my dry bumps on my arms.
I keep in my shower for pedicures. I got it because it folds up out of the way, which makes it slightly wobbly but as long as you don't move around it's ok, I just wish they had made the fold out legs a little wider, but it still works for my needs.
This is the perfect backdrop for photography. Unfortunately, when I pulled it out of the outer tubing it had a scape alongside it, which messed up a portion of the paper.
Really like the product!! But it finishes sooo fast... Doesn't worth the price...
That product in the bottle works great. The bottle design is horrible. Super hard to hold and squirt. I may buy another bottle and dump it in that.
Smudges on my oily skin. I had better luck with Bobbi Brown No Smudge.
It does the job, and u can charge it
The color looks great! But I dont quite like the smell of this lipstick. It tastes like too much chemical (or fragrance?)
This product is OK, but it's not as good as other dry shampoos I've used. I bought it because it was cheaper. You get what you pay for.
I love the product but I'm starting to see how I continue to re order the soap quantity is getting smaller and smaller. Would be 5 stars if the size didn't keep reducing.
These are too thin and bend open easily. The crook on one side does keep them in but they get very loose fairly quickly. I had hoped for the really strong ones they used to make that did not get loose after 10 uses.
These pads work well to keep sweat from getting you your outer shirt although I have found them to be a bit too small for me so I have to use two pads per armpit if I want complete coverage which is a bit of a pain. My next order of underarm sweat pads will be a larger size.
You get what you pay for, not bad for the price though. They're very thin
I bought the brown, and found it to be more on the reddish brown side. It doesn't run with sweat, but can be wiped off with tissue. Not impressed.
This flat iron really wasn't for me. It straightens fine, just didn't work like I wanted.
Hard to apply and shape the brow due to the brush. Color is good and it does stay on!
Fast drying, but still need a blower
I was alittle nervous buying this with the mixed reviews. It works, no doubt about that. However it broke the first day my husband got it. He still is able to use it by wiggling the button around, and he doesn't seem to mind, but I wish I would have went with a more costly product that may have been easier
My daughter is learning to do nails but it seem like something is missing the kit didnt seem complete. I still had to get other items for her to do acrylic. Mostly she played around with it.
I tried these for the first time went well but the backs got bigger with the second time use and were loose
Shipping is pretty fast and thanks for the small gift. I notice the seller keeps changing and the price too! I hate when the price changes after you purchase it. My only complaint and question is the tip part of the concealer. There are less than 5ml inside the bottle. That's very disappointing. But overall it's okay. (1.5 natural)
This doesn't smell as good as other Evo products.
Initially, there was SO much hair, and it's so dense, I looked absolutely insane wearing it. It didnt look nearly as light and thin as in some of the review photos. I'd already trimmed the lace, so I figured returning it was a no-go, so I took a razor comb to it and thinned it out and it's wearable now. Sadly, it was shedding horribly straight out of the box, but I'm hoping I got all the strays now. I'm not sure I'd trust it on a windy day, as the wafts are quite far apart, which also makes pulling it into a ponytail a no. But overall, the hair looks and feels silky and moves naturally as is.
Nice hAir yet part could be more refined a flat
its ok nothing to really write about.
Good but not great. Extremely hard to apply correctly around the eyes.
SOOOO, it sure does make your lips plump, but not worth the bruises around your mouth or the marks on your lips. May be for you but not for me. I feel I wasted my money.
The wax is horrible but the wax warmer works well. It does this every time you put it on the wooden stick. It is endless
Nice, just wish it had a little more tea tree in it, I was hoping for that tingle
Needed this last-minute because I was looking for a set of smaller bottles in larger quantity and this fits that need nicely. The bag is poor quality though. Looks like the bottom seam won't last long. Will invest in a better bag later.
I liked the way the product smelled and liked its look but it didnt work as well as I had hoped. Its average at best. Not a bad toner just nothing noticeably fantastic about it.
Came in a good time span but the hair wasn't 18 inches. It was verified through a hair supplier here in town & a licensed beautician. Yet it was too late to return it, it came on Tuesday & appointment was scheduled for Thursday. It did come with beads & crochet tools as
Good styler for straightening and softening the hair but haven't found it easy to curl the hair at all. Might need some hair product to help with this. An adapter is necessary for Kiwis as was about to return it and and found an international adapter.
ehhhhhh.. I feel this product doesn't stay all day long. Also needs to be a tad thinner so you can apply it to the inner eyelid without getting product on your eyelashes. I use when needed but won't be ordering again.
It's a good amount of glue for a dollar but I'm afraid it doesn't say too long maybe 3 or 4 days at most
Over all the product does what it's meant to
shipping took way too long, good product though
Has good smell at a very small price. I love that you can just throw it in your purse, pocket, or car (Not really recommend for hot cars).
The practice finger is extremely hard to use and the brush is super small but other than that it's okay
We bought this for my son who was turning 6. The product is cute... but smaller and difficult to assemble!
Smells more like lemon to me but thanks anyway.
I never had Gucci Guilty Black so I can't critique its exactness to the original, but definitely has no staying power. Lasts maybe 1-2 hours. As for fragrance, I really like it and wished it lasted longer, maybe 5-7 hours- it's very pleasant. Here's to hoping they make a perfume version that lasts longer. Honestly, I'm not sure if I would recommend it or buy it again, though. I'll leave the risk taking to you.
Not bad for the price, blends well and I like the shape of it. I do have other beauty blenders that were more expensive and I enjoy more, though. This one seems to hold more moisture than better ones I've purchased.
They're good as rollers. But you can't use them plain or they will leak. The lids don't all screw on right
Ok not the greatest. Should have bought a better one
It's ok. I wish it was like the original, I still have one 1 bought 20 years ago and that is the one I still use. This one is ok
This conditioner worked well to get out tangles. Unfortunately I found the scent to be way too overpowering and strong.
I like it and it is working very well.
Made me break out everywhere on my face and neck. But I gave it a 3 because not everyone's skin is the same and it also smells good :)
I had a tough time getting my old polish off.
I wasn't crazy about this. I have always used the gel type before that actually removes the cuticle. I thought I would try the cream. You have to leave it in for a few minutes and it softens the cuticle but does not remove it.
Good product but shipping was a mess. Package was not delivered and almost sent back. Had to pick up at PO. There was also a small leak upon opening the package.
Works great for short period. Doesn't last long
It works but is less than expected
I was really excited about getting this product and hoped it would actually be removing the dead skin cells from my face and not just creating the experience of what you “think” are dead skin cells peeling off your face. I'm sorry to say that the pieces of white material that form when you rub it on your face cannot be just skin. Why am I so sure? I used it on my face about 6 times one after another and the amount of white material that formed on my face every time, never lessened. And if it was actually peeling skin off my face, the amount of skin would have been reduced, but it never was. Really disappointed in what looks more like fake advertising, and a fake experience. Maybe it did remove some skin, but I'm not even sure of that anymore. I think all products that claim to be exfoliating peels may be chemically formulated to do the same. I really really wanted this not to be the case! Does anyone else have a different experience?
I do like my nail art kit but never received the scraper for the metal plates. So instead I only used the brushes and stencils
It does seem to soften my skin and leaves it smooth, but I can't get past the smell! No way you can put this on at night, as you will be leaving this smell on your pillow and it lingers. Too bad the scent degrades what appears to be a good men's product.
I bought these to have an extra set when doing lashes. They are a bit difficult to work with and dont really have the right tension im looking for.
Missing suction cups. Santa brought it and those are no where in sight.
Cheaper version of Baby Foot which didn't work nearly as well.
Too much hair in my face. had to give it a haircut so I could see. Not a head-turner but that's exactly why i bought it. I am blonde so I got this so I would be less noticeable. Works perfectly.
good idea but did not help quit smoking
Item arrived quickly, but it was not in a box, with instructions, so I am dissatisfied.
The product was kind if dried out and gritty. I used it for a glitter beard. But it was just enough for thin layer. I had to mix in other stuff too. I don't thing it would work or show up on skin by itself. Maybe as a top coat over eye shadow
It was delivered quickly but the nails don't last as long as I had hoped. They only last a few days. But I don't know if it's the fault of the machine or the nail polish
wish this was more opaque, the color isn't very bright.
Using for crafts - not as make-up.
The lemon oil in the product kind of overpowers the other ingredients.
The kit itself is decent quality. The most useful tool to me were the needle tipped tweezers. However, they're incredibly flimsy. They fell off my nightstand about 3 feet to the carpeted floor and they were bent on the end. I've bent them back the best I can and as evenly as possible but now getting them to grip something to pull out is 10 times harder.
doesn't whiten as well as it claims
Nothing great about these brushes and had cheaper ones that worked just as well. KP
Haven't seen results yet like others claim
I like the length but it's very thin
don't know how good it is yet. it takes a while to know if it works
Bought this for my husband and he said it's not really easy to hold and get it the same everytime
Thin and it doesn't last at all
Good enough for my uses, the USB slots didnt charge my phones good tho
They are way too thick once you layer them, but if your into that look go for it.
Comparable to other brands, would not recommend if going out in public but works great over night. My skin is very oily, even after following directions they do come off my problem areas. Sticks great to the parts that don't get oily. Did not come with the tool, I was disappointed by that, almost got a 4 star
I was sent a different shade than I ordered.
All attachment works as they should. The main unit has enough power to do the job. The nose trimmer died after 5 uses
I mostly use this product to apply toner to my face. The cloth is soft on both sides which is okay. I have to use more toner than the regular cotton pads because it absorbs a lot more liquid. The bag is nice for washing/drying machines. Great for sensitive skin.
Shaved my fiancé's hair but does nothing to mine? So annoying
I HATED the noise it made when I was trying to sleep, so I had to turn it off and didn't get to wake up to a good scent. Other than that the light change was peaceful, and I was able to turn it on when I was awake and trying to do my homework.
It's okay. I didn't notice any dramatic difference between this and Curel Itch Relief lotion. I put one on one leg and one on the other -- neither was better than the other. This was for eczema/dermatitis, and basically what helped me most was getting a humidifier, along with using just about any moisturizing lotion. Although one of the lotions/creams I tried seemed to make things worse, I don't think it was this one.
This mascara goes on beautifully The real test was going to the chiropractor. Face down on the table, the mascara clumped up together and I could not comb through it end it flaked all over my face.
This Tend Skin appears to be a new formula. Also, it smells horrible. It does work, but takes longer than prior to see a difference (roughly a week).
It's very nice and soft but it's a little small. Keep in mind that I'm 4'11" (19 year old female) so I'm not a very big person... my head is proportionate to my body but right now, I'm stretching it out in hopes that it'll somehow fit because right now it hurts my ears because its pulling on them. I'd only recommend buying this for a child unless you've got a small face...
Is very small, was impractical for makeup and skincare products I wanted to use it for.
It was easy to prepare but the material degraded so quickly just from regular grinding. This did the trick for a couple weeks but I ended up having to get a custom guard from my dentist.
Still very itchy...but came at a good price
I was surprised at how well it adjusted to my skin color. It has a floral smell kind of like Jasmine but it is a little strong for my liking. I do wish it was more of a matte finish. It's a bit sticky for my liking, not exactly light weight as I was hoping for. It does stay put for most of the day considering I have oily skin. For the price it's not a bad light coverage foundation but I'm not sure I personally would purchase it again.
I have super sensitive eyes and seasonal allergies. Clinique was recommended and I was desperate. I loved the feel and look of this, but after about an hour, my eyes began to water and it flaked off. Good mascara, not for sensitive eyes or contacts.
Not real impressed but it gets the job done.
The colors in this group are pretty and actually come out in different colors. However, the color only lasted a short time, as short as a regular lip stick.
Who ever package it sucked it didn't have a top some of the product was in the envelope. It does work it smells good.
THIS is a gud product
The short brush mildewed on me. I had to throw it away, but I the one with the white base is good.
I loved the brushes. the bristles are really soft and it applies the makeup great. But it is not good for a long term usage. The handles come off the brush. Over time, the handle became very loose and eventually it came off.
This is ok. I guess it's better than a loofah type stuff. Im using it and didn't return but not sure if I'd buy again.
I did not like this set very well. I buy a lot of oils and I found a few of these to have more like a perfume smell rather than essential oil smell. I really liked the Patchouli but the Lavender, Ylang Ylang and Lemon smelled diluted which i normally use for mopping my floors. I am giving it 3 stars because it was packed nicely and I did like a couple of the oils as well as they offered a different variation from the classic oils.
great product, but as like almost every other brand, their lightest color was still too dark for me
Typical long lasting scent you'd expect from axe, but overpriced compared to what you would pay in a store. Not a big fan of oud but it isn't as bad as others I've tried. Not bad for Axe either, the vanilla was fresh and clean but the oud just smelled... weird. Definitely unique
This is another set I purchased, it's ok, but not for me. I think I can get it with lower price but comfortable one from dollar store next time.
The colors were a lot brighter than I was expecting. They also never fully dry on my lips and are sticky the whole time.
It's okay. I wouldn't buy again. The quality of the hair is sorta cheap. It sheds a lot.
I wanted a spray bottle that would spray oil on food to use with my air fryer. Unfortunately, these do not spray, they shoot a single straight stream.
It Does burn your skin if u leave it on the face to long. But it works !! Its better to use on your body if your face is really sensitive like mines. Also if I do use it on my face ,I only use it every couple of days , not every day. Does clear my skin up though.
Does not smell exactly like fierce. Not even close to be exact. However for a under 20 dollar cologne it's not terrible.
Not as good as my old one was when new
The free brush did not come with it
My son ordered another band of hair clipper. I liked it so much, I decided to order one. I did not get the name of the clipper he bought and I ordered one that looked like it even though it was ten dollars more. When I got this one, I saw that the combs attach differently than his, but decided to keep this one instead of going to the trouble of sending it back. These combs are terrible to attach. The off/on switch is covered by my hand and that makes it hard to find when I am ready to turn it off. I switch on the side would be much better.
I don't think I was given the correct product.. It didn't wash my clothes properly... Didn't remove any stains, not on my 19 month old's clothes, not on my clothes, and definitely not on my significant other's clothes (he's a mechanic, and I was given the high hopes that this product will even work on his clothes!).
They are ok, but hurt my eyes when used to remove eye makeup - I would not call them gentle
Not the best quality hair
I bought these organizers to tidy up our bathroom counter. They are attractive and compact. The reason for 3 stars is that the cotton swab container is barely wide enough to hold Q-tips. The don't go in neatly as the photo shows. That would require a lot of patience to accomplish. I wanted a container that functioned as this one is intended to, but this doesn't cut it for me. I wanted them to dispense using gravity into the little tray. It requires two hands to get a swab out and that is not ideal. 1/4" more interior width, perhaps 3/16" and this would be an excellent product.
The scent was too strong for me.
Great razor but maybe not for a woman. When I shave my legs the top pops open and I have to keep shutting it. Other than that it's a good buy.
This Lasted for about 6 months and then crapped out. I used it maybe 3-4 times a week and rised it out very frequently. You get what you pay for I guess.
Even the darker shades have a reddish tint. Applies nicely though.
would be a 4 or 5 rating, but the power button is difficult to turn on and off
It works but you have to keep reapplying through out the day which can be tedious.
It smells like grapes even after I wash it out of my hair! I love that, but the color comes out as a faded greenish-blue even after I left the dye in for an hour. My hair is bleached, so the color really should be more vivid. I may have to try a different shade of blue.
Some tips were highly defective
Got this because it is doesnt have aluminum. Smells good but I just can't stand it. I dont wear perfume too often and my original deodorant has always been unscented or mild scent
Smell good, but don't seem too last that long when dropped in a diffuser. Maybe I just get used to the smell? Otherwise nice case and the individual oils smell very nice.
Not a lot of color, just a hint. Very small for the money.
Didn't work so well for me, I have thyroid issues, so I lose a lot of hair in general.
Only good for long hair and if you have large hands. The brush is large as is the handle
I love Shea butter. I was glad to get this product. I divided it into jars to make it easier to use. I used to use coconut oil as a general moisturizer, but it left a weird odor on my clothes after they'd been washed. The Shea butter doesn't. I only wish it were whipped as whipped Shea butter is lighter, and the application of it is far easier. You have to work this product into your skin, it takes a little time to apply. But other than that, I really like it.
This is a good product but I ordered crystal and got a pale bluish gray, which seems rather dingy. Fortunately I found a place to use it where it looks okay, then had to order the white color for my original purpose.
Probably need longer hair. My 3yo daughter has shortish hair still and this tool doesn't make it easier than by hand. Will be a lot easier when her hair gets longer though.
Not digging the smell of this one. Shine factor is OK but nothing that wows me.
I bought this for my husband who travels for work. I bought it the end of March and it is now the middle of September and it has broken. The little straw inside the bottle has come loose so it will not suck up the cologne any more. My husband loved the little travel bottle and it was super easy to fill. Just wished it lasted longer.
They are extremely fragile! If you do pretty much ANYTHING with your hands, the nails will split VERY easily. So sad, because they really do look nice after they are applied, and polished.
Gives a bad oil odor in sheets.
This sunblock is very effective, and it really blends into the skin without leaving white traces. However, it has parabens. I try to avoid products with parabens as much as possible and the item's description did not disclose all the ingredients.
Good price for a set; however, the bath bombs are lackluster.
the brush was not great and the item does not do what it says. By half day my eyebrows were smeared
Works but very painful. There has to be a better way.
Used this a couple times but both times it was hard to peel off. It came off in small sections causing a mess. It didn't really remove my blackheads well. Maybe others have been more successful with this.
The scent of this item gets 5 stars, thats about it. Blew through 1 bar in a week in the shower. Longevity is crap for this price point.
So if you have ANY cuts it burns! Love that it is an enclosed boot though. I can't speak for removing skin yet. The boot was easy to apply and the tape worked amazing. Put my slippers on over it so I could walk around..
I guess maybe it's just been a long time since I've worn this perfume . It was always my favourite and I loved the smell so I was slightly disappointed that I don't care much for it now . Looked completely genuine and came fast , I guess my taste in perfume has just changed . But I remember paying $50 plus years ago for this so it is a good deal for the money .
The quality of the razor is not that good.
I had high hopes for this glue, but it did not do its job. Used three layer, woke up with white film around my head wig came straight off. second try, it stayed on but my closure keeps moving back. fast forward the third time is kinda the charm. its the second day and it slides slightly but is still stuck.
The color is bright and pretty, but for a stain/tint product I'm really disappointed in its staying power. It wipes off with eating or drinking and didn't seem to actually tint/stain my lips. So this isn't at all useful for the purpose I bought it for. Since it's pretty I'll still keep it in my makeup rotation, but I'll have to bring it with me whenever I wear it so I can do touchups.
Comfortable, raises up and down just fine. But the casters are not well designed, because every time you sit down your foot hits them and they lock and the seat won't roll around.
not clear enough for me
The moisturizer isn't greasy, totally works but the sunscreen part is overpowering and if it gets too close to my eyes it burns all day.
I really like this brush , only now after 2 months the rotating brush has quit, very disappointed
Eh. I have to be super careful with it. It's already falling apart. It arrived pretty fragile. Will look elsewhere
It worked and did what it was supposed to. The first super hot day, I didn't stink, however... I got a slight chemical burn from it.
They stretch pretty badly. Do not hold as well as the original brand.
Item came almost as described. There were no little funnels included; which would be super handy to fill up the tube.
One of them came loose I can put hot glue on it nd will be fixed.otherwise very pretty and good size
A better idea would be to give the buyer a few options to choose from and get 24 of those. No one changes their eyebrow shapes everyday. I also don't like having to go threw each one, pop it open to see what shape is the eyebrow.
I loved the colors, but I am having trouble getting polish to stay on , it wants to peel off in a few hrs , I followed directions , but I'm still having trouble with it
The colors are darker than I thought specially the red one it's more like a dark maroon
HIGHLY DISPLEASED it looks like someone returned it, then they literally retapped the tub & shipped it. SMH. Product smells great tho
I hate this thing. Fingernails very small. Fingers are so hard to move and spread apart.
Hair is very pretty and nice looking. The only problem is that for 6 packs it only had 11 per hook. Not enough to cover a head. Considering most come with 20. Have to buy more to finish my hair. The picture I added shows basically the whole middle of my hair still needing hair.Other than that it's good quality hair Update: just wanted to add that I had to order more hair and used all 6 packs. Again good hair but never will I order again. 6 packs is enough hair for any head but not when some little comes in the pack. They offers only a $3 credit after having to spend almost $60. Next time I will pay attention to the stars and not give every vendor a chance to prove themselves.
I wanted the Mandarin orange foaming soap. Don't like the addition of ginger
Very cute but was difficult to stay on the chubby baby's legs. I know you dont want to cut off circulation but...they were very difficult to stay up. Cute though.
I like that it can go up and down. It doesn't lock when I put it together to tighten it up
its ok for a house dryer dont dry the front of your hair not enough holes
Love the actual oil, however the enclosed pump cap that was provided is to small to fit the 4oz bottle I purchased and therefore I can't use it.
Big and bulky-doesn't work well at all
The product seems to work well and looks nice in natural lighting. However, the actual amount you get is a joke. The containers are small and had handy storage bags but the product inside the container is less than desirable. I say less than 10 applications at most for over half of the colors within this package. Not worth the cost in my opinion.
I ordered two sets of these clippers which arrived today. Quality control is not quite what I expect for the cost. One set was exactly as expected. But the second pair had both of the files built into the handles loose and they fell off right when taken out of the package for the first time. It appears that the file was not pressed into the glue like it should have been. See attached pictures. I should not have to repair something I just purchased right after taking it out of the package. If not for the inconsistency in quality I would have given them five stars.
Does not show up on lashes, waste of money. Seller DID refund my money.
Spring is not easy to use. The other items are great
I would love for the iron to have a ceramic plate that replaces the natural oils in my hair.
I'm unsure about it. It smells nice but when I put it in my hair I don't even feel it. It just feels like I'm washing my hair with plain water. Is this normal?
I ordered these products to hold my homemade body products and to minimize plastic waste. They work well for holding products, are lightweight, and are easy to use. My one (but it's a big one in my household) complaint is that there is a plastic/styrofoam piece in the lid of every container (presumably to help with the seal), and I would not have purchased them if I'd known about these. Please do away with that type of packaging and inserts, and I'll be a happy customer!
the seat was smaller than I realized it was too uncomfortable maybe ok for a younger person otherwise it is made nicely and looks great
These won't stay in place reliably for me. To me the closed toe design of the Zen toes is a far superior product for runners. Still they worked somewhat and did provide some relief.
There's no denying you get a lot for your money with this set. The plates include a wide variety of designs, most of which I can see myself using. I also like the carrying case, it's much nicer than having them loose or rubber banded together. However, the plates themselves are not etched very deeply, so some designs don't pick up well or end up being somewhat sheer due to the very thin layer of polish. Some of the designs are oddly warped or stretched, and I suspect several are knock-offs of other brands. The edges of the plates and etching are also pretty sharp, I cut myself once removing the blue film and again trying to get a plate out of the carrying case sleeve, and the etching tears at cotton pads when I clean them. I have plates from another brand, Ejiubas, and the difference is very obvious, they are etched deeper and the edges are smooth and safe. The stamper in this kit is also not very good, I can't get it to pick up designs (not a problem with my other clear jelly stampers). Also, the whole point of a clear stamper is that you can look down through it and see where you are placing your design, but this stamper is two-sided so the end you aren't using obscures the view of the working end. All in all, I have and will continue to use this set (albeit very carefully to avoid further injury), but I'll be opting to spend more on higher-quality plates and stampers in the future.
Fibers that you put the oil on stuck to the inside, because it is plastic and some oils will devolve plastic. Plate that pad goes on should be stainless steel.
I have been using the product for a short time and there could be some minor changes, but I think it takes longer to see better results
It was full of tiny pebbles that got stuck in my hair.
Loved them until they just stopped working properly. Took them to a few different people to try and figure out what happened. Even a few barbers.
This ink is great for experimenting but the ink doesn't last very long. It was supposed to last two weeks but it fades after about a week. I do still love the product just wish it lasted longer. It also stains any part of your skin so beware of mess ups.
Didn't work well enough for my wife's thick hair. Return was easy and quick, however. Thanks
Would have gotten a 5 star but the containers are so small. I guess I should have paid better attention to the description.
It's a nice wig but not the best quality. I wore it once and the hair knotted horribly after just 3 hours of wear
Battery operated. Not the greatest makeup mirror. Fine for my six year old. Thought this had a usb charger for some reason.
The scrubber was great while it lasted... this is the second one I has purchased, but like the first one, it stopped working after a few months because it is not waterproof...
Love the length, softness of scrunched sponge & convenience of rope-like hanger. However, scrunch unraveled at sides within a week making it impossible to use.
the color and coverage was fine for this product, and as expected, it gets on everything as you're out and about, so be prepared to find red on your walls, car seat, friend's costumes/bodies, etc. I anticipated all this with the product and it pretty much met my expectations there. What I didn't anticipate is the difficulty with which it's put on. Admittedly, I am no make up expert so perhaps this is how all body paint/make-up is? It was very solid and hard and difficult to get on the sponge. I actually went through several sponges as they started to tear apart. Then to get from the sponge to your body was another ordeal... filled with friction on your skin as you try to apply the product. What we eventually did was to apply body lotion on the sponge to moisten the product... that helped expedite the whole process. Again, this may be how you normally use body paint/color and if so... take this review with a grain of salt because to me, this way a LOT of effort to try to cover your entire body with the product! Lol
I think this makes my skin dry. Won't buy Dove again.
I love this product but bottle was open and leaked everywhere in shipping
The razor itself works beautifully but the handle has deep grooves which are VERY susceptible to mold and impossible to clean once mold is in there. It gets very gross very quickly.
Like the smell, its fresh.
This cream has a very dewy texture which is nice for dry skin. However it also has a very heavy fragrance added which is really unnecessary. It has a very strong smell like sticky sweet canned frosting. I like sweets but not on my face! I don't know why the manufacturer found it necessary to add this fragrance. It's annoying and makes me think twice about reordering this product. I purchased this due to the higher percentage of glycolic and lactic acids and more natural ingredients it contains but because of the strong odor, I will probably go back to using my Studio 35 cream when this product is used up. A bit disappointing. :/
In my case, they are nothing at all like the photos and black handled one is not usable/sturdy enough. The other is acceptable in a sense but not the high quality I expected from a "professional" razor.
Can't seem to use it on the SNS powder dipping nails.
Looks cheap. The bristles are not the colors in the picture, and they don't match the handles. Also, the handles are flimsy plastic. Not durable. Won't last. Theyre for my 7 year old who won't care about any of this and that's why I gave them 3 stars. Won't buy again.
You can go through a single buffer in one round.
I love this necklace. Totally raw, beautiful on my babys neck, goes with all her outfits, and most importantly works for her teething issues. Only problem is it keeps coming off due to the easy pull apart clasp. It pulls apart easily and falls off a lot. I randomly find it around the house multiple times. I am lucky if it stays on all day. Luckily we havnt lost it outside of the home yet. I only wish this wasnt so easy to come off on it's own.
I won't buy a gray eyeliner online anymore. I'll just go to the store. It's the same as any other brand.
I would have given this product 5 stars but I really don't like this dispenser it is not efficient to use. The pump is hard to release product and when it does the product flies out. That being said the actual product is the best on the market for skin care
The blonde one lasted longer for about 2 months and I fell in love so I decided to order again, and the red one which is my fav. color started to tangle and shed the first day no chemical or heat added
seems like it doesn't even show it is great... guess the colour was too much like my skin tone... not on the seller.
I think it is useful and it works well, but the scent is not my favorite. I rather have the coconut one from the same brand.
The hair is great but I paid for a 20 inch but it was about 12 to 14 inches that is the only problem
Package arri in ed unsealed and empty. Awaiting refund.
A bit difficult to use but ok product, I would just stick to a curling iron!
Didn't like it. Made my hair feel greasy and heavy no matter how much I used. Didn't give me any type of beach look
Looks good kind of works but not for my hair.
Cute wig though cheapy looking. I offset its shine with some dry shampoo and cut the bangs.
Love the selection of oils but the quantity in each bottle is not consistent. I couldn't believe how visible it was either. In the photo I've attached you can see the difference and that the bottles are also unopened. I wish I could give 5 stars but that lack of quality control makes me nervous.
Loud, doesnt keep water warm. Cheaply made
Scents not as strings as I would like but it's a decent bargin
There has just a slight change in the design from the first one I ever bought but there is a significant difference in the performance. You have to hold it at a different angle than what I was used but it still doesn't shave as well as the previous version.
I just got this and the Diffuser is missing? Can you please send that to me? Thank you!
They are exactly what I was looking for. I would like it better if the glue was more durable.
For a company that bills itself as environmentally friendly it is obnoxious that they don't offer larger refill sizes. What a waste of plastic. That said, the product itself, the soap is great.
feel is good. bought this for my 90+ yr old Dad to help with his severe arthritis, but it doesn't get hot enough to do him any good.
It does what it is supposed to do I guess, but I wish I did my research before because with this model you have to either spray the perfume in or have a funnel- there is no pump like other atomizers I have come across.
I just used this product for the first time so obviously I can't comment on how well it works. But this stuff is *WITHOUT A DOUBT* OILY. I'm hoping that maybe I just used a little too much and next time it won't be as greasy, but I will be happy to review again later and let you all know how it goes! I'm really hoping it works as well as the reviews say and that I can get over the greasiness. Update: I have been using this product for about 5 weeks now and I have not noticed any change in the appearance or texture of my skin. I have acne and hyperpigmentation/melasma. The product is oily and feels greasy, even after rubbing it in. I would not buy this again.
This is a beautiful product. however is not made for curly hair it pulls and gets tangled.
seems ok, nothing exciting, slippery so i drop it a lot
I liked it enough to order again. The results are not instantaneous, as you get with a pedicure. It takes a few days for your feet to show signs of peeling. I wish the process was faster. But end result is nice, if you're patient
Could be better . Didn't do what it was bought for
The detail is pretty, the quality appears good...but I could not get this in my hair without getting it so extremely tangled and knotted in my hair. I will be using it as decor and not a hair piece.
Was very nice when I first got it but it got tangly and ratty after the first wear.
Works ok. Thought it would be better
Those aren't too bad considering the price of it. I put them in the refrigerator, so they are cold and help to decrease the puffiness of my eyes. Well, so far, I have only use just few and not much different on my eyes, but just feeling good. Those also fell off easy, so I would say don't walk around when put them on.
The only reason I'm not giving this a 5 star review is that one of the two clips arrived damaged. It is unattached on the one side and that left me very disappointed. The rhinestones are VERY sparkly and look beautiful. The rhinestones that go across the top of the clip are opal/rainbow. I LOVE these! Just wish the one wasn't broken 😊
Good quality bows....however a few of them came with spots of dirt on them. Disappointed with that fact. Otherwise good deal.
With such a big scent, I really cannot appreciate.
So I must say for the price of the iron I am pretty impressed, it really does straighten your hair it left my hair super straight, however I had to rate it a 3 😭 because has i iron each strand of my hair I could literally feel my hair breaking. So I will be looking for another iron that does the job but doesn't break my hair in the process
These aren't as good as the name brand rollers, but they get the job done and are soooo much cheaper!
They never mentioned this was an open box purchase!
Honestly I've tried better. I wouldnt buy it again.
These items came just wrapped in plastic and three of four lids were broken and product leaked everywhere inside the plastic. They should have used bubble wrap and especially made sure the lids were secured and maybe even used thick paper or air pillows to prevent the bottles from moving around.
not to be used to direct dyes only dyes that use a developer
Everything is great about this product and it is really beautiful. But it came with a missing gem.
Works well for how much I paid.
Okay, I bought a handful of the Richardson Trucker caps because they were inexpensive and perfect for me to wear on the golf course. What I have noticed is that each one of them has a varying size. The black one in which I am reviewing is to big on the standard default setting, but one snap back makes it too tight. However, on the some of the other hats the fit is perfect. Go figure...Not sure why this is the case but oh well. Its a black hat that is cheap. Not too bad but not overly thrilled either.
I just received my Stress Away 10 ml Roll on. I love Stress Away Oil, it is a luxury when I have funds available to purchase it. Very sad that when I opened the package the oil has leaked out of the bottle all over the cardboard container and the bottle is only half full. It says "New" on the cardboard sleeve but the gold colored lid appears worn. I will be contacting Amazon to return this. ------------------------------------ Update: After I contacted customer service about my problem with this order I was given. Thanks for taking care of this issue.
It is adorable, but smaller than I thought. Quality is ok. My daughter likes it and that is all that is important!
They don't keep your hair line dry...water seems to seep in!
It does help keep me from getting beard trimming in the sink and direct it to the trash. But the hair does stick to it, making it a little hard to get it off. There will still be some mess, but only a fraction of the mess you would have without the apron.
I bought two the first of 2018. One has already died. Didn't last much over a couple of months. Pretty expensive bulb that claims long life but didn't live up to the claim.
The perfume and body wash smell great. However, the lotion smells awful. It has a strange chemical/ plastic smell. I had to shower again after applying it because the smell was so bad. Next time I will only get the perfume and not the set.
These are hard to find in the stores and now I think I know why - they don't really work. I bought one in an effort to maintain a natural looking manicure/nails. It sort of colors the whites of your nails, but not by much, and it doesn't seem to last. I was disappointed with it.
They work well for large or heavy earrings. Found that the hole was too large for some posts and would slide off after a bit. Wish there was a way to solve that issue.
It doesn't do anything if you apply it before your foundation or concealer. It doesn't really fills in wrinkles or fine lines. The cream only helps to disguise the pores and a little bit of the fine lines if you apply it after your make up is all done.
Needed a new sponge so I thought I'd try one from Amazon. It is an alright sponge and it does the job. Once wet it does get quite bigger but the problem is that the core of it stays hard. Usually a whole sponge will get squishy and it's easier to work around small corners of the face. This one does squish but not too far till it starts putting pressure on my forearms. (Good if you want a small workout at the same time as applying your make up though). Even after cleaning it's still the same outcome. It's just uncomfortable honestly. Like I said it's okay but I went back to my other drugstore sponge which is around the same price and more accessible to me. This has awesome reviews but just didn't work out for me.
I wish the applicator were a little more precise. That mascara applicator tip impedes the angling and filling in I need to do as I attempt to create my brow line. If you have a separate angled brush, you can use that to share after you apply w this brush. I think the opening is too small to dip an angled brush in. I don't hate this. It does the job ok. Just wish it were sweat prof w/more effective applicator.
Really like EXCEPT for stand. Mirror will not say in position & falls down. Otherwise nice if could be adjusted.
Hair is very smooth and shiny but heavy! Doesn't feel real
Beautiful unit..BUT..disappointed I had to return it because the seam was unravelling. I didnt get a chance to try it on. I'll give them another try.
I liked the fact that ingredients are super clean non-toxic, but this is not very effective as a scrub. Experience is lovely though, but don't expect big results. Also, if you are in warm climate, beware that ants love this and will attack !! Try and keep it in the fridge, if that is the case.
So I bought this and it arrived quickly. To say I am disappointed in the packaging, is an understatement. When I opened the undamaged box immediately I could smell something. I picked up the package out of the box and noticed it felt slightly damp. Looking closer I noticed the bottle was not completely full....it is down about an 1 inch or so. The inside of the package the bottle came in, contains some of the missing liquid. I am NOT happy especially about the inability to return or exchange it for a full undamaged bottle. I will not purchase from this seller again. Not sure about the product....it may need thrown out.
The color is darker that what I expected, need to use other lighter BB cream to put a thin layer on top of it to look better.
only enough for one use
A little TOO stretchy but works none-the-less.
I bought it as a gift for someone without completely reading the description, which was my fault. When it arrived I was surprised at how tiny it was.
Smaller than expected. Very cute aside of it all.
Didn't notice less shedding.
Works great on razor burn, smells like sulfur. Only use if you are truly needing to heal a skin condition other wise save your self and those around you the olfactory discomfort.
Didn't really like the color - it wasn't flattering on me. To boot, the lipstick was sitting in the heat and broke off as soon as i opened the cap. =/
I wanted something that wouldn't leave my hair feeling hard. This product left my hair feeling very dry.
This work as they should. However, the black mesh was a smaller fit than most average mesh I used in the past purchased from beauty supply store..
Unique item.. earrings looks a bit frail but ok
very fragrant lotion but doesn't moisturize well.
I SAW THIS ON YOUTUBE, AND THOUGHT IT WOULD WORK OUT LIKE THE DEMO.
These are far less sturdy than the pampered chef brand. They also don't have as good a seal hen closed. I did not look to compare costs, but in the interest of the world, next time I will get pampered chef's
product is super small. i know it says one time use, but way smaller than pictured. smells like lysol.
I could smell this stuff all day but I don't feel like it moisturizes my skin enough, and my skin isn't overly dry to begin with.
You HAVE to wash your hands after. They get your hands really gross and sticky otherwise
Did not whiten my skin and it's too strong for the skin it can literally burnt it. Smells nice though.
Doesn't really cover the person back so it gets all over them I do like the way the tightner is
Meh. definitely smooths lips, but mine is a little bit gritty feels like sand got into it. I still use it though, but probably wouldn't buy it again. The lip exfoliator is very good though
Curls beautifully, BUT your hair gets stuck with small amounts of hair and you dont want that! Lol! So be careful!
Ordered my package since early December and finally received it after one month! It was lost in transit but I guess this is what it went through. The entire product was all over the interior of the package and there was literally nothing left inside the tube! It's like it was constantly stepped on! Such a waste...thankfully I got my refund which is why I'm rating it three stars instead one star thanks to Amazon's amazing customer service. However I don't think I will be ordering another product like this again after this experience.
Seems like it is helping with new growth. I ordered this not knowing if it works but so far so good. Did not like the shampoo and conditioner it dries out my hair. Went to reorder this product and now they have raised the price.
We've been using this Philips Sonicate for years, and started buying the replacements from Amazon. They still work, but they do not screw on tightly, and thus make a loud noise while you are brushing. My husband gets very annoyed by this, but the knock-offs (sold from other companies) are even worse. I wish they were a little less expensive, but we will keep buying them...
Color is pretty but it washes out quick
The cord is too short and it doesn't heat consistently.
Bought TweezerMan before and Liked the other two better. They were easier to use and opened a little wider
These are a bit cheaper than i expected. They scratch your skin more than anything. I would invest a few more dollars to get a better brand But a good bang for your buck.
Package was delivered but I was not happy. The bottles were not full. The shampoo lid was loose and some of the product had spilled, but not enough to account for the amount out of the bottle. The conditioner was not full as well. I am comparing to the amounts in the bottles I've purchased from Ulta. I'm a little disappointed.
It was supposed to ashy tone but it turned out more on the golden tone
The blade's shields with lubricant keep falling off when stored in optical conditions. Never had this problem with storebought razors
I love this toothbrush and timer so that you brush for 2 min without thinking about it, however this is my 2nd one and it's already lost it's charging capacity after 10 months for the price I wish it had at least a year lifespan.
Maybe a great mouth wash but I could not use if for more than a few days.
I really liked this beauty blender however it didn't last very long. Only a few weeks and the tip of it broke.
This shaver is easy to use but a problem has developed this past week shortly after my 30 day window. the shaver cover will not flip open. initially it worked fine however now I must hold the button in and take my fingernail and open it so I can clean it. I would like to ask the supplier to replace the front shaving head to repair the "flip cover". I am concerned if it continue to degrade, and will not stay closed, i won't be able to use the shaver. Please Help
It didn't work for me. But I got my money back so I'm not complain.
This product is just okay. It worked as a primer but felt like I was putting straight up Vaseline on my face. I didn't break out at all but I'm not sold on the texture. The only reason I tried this product is because of wanting a cheaper product than my go to face primer but the extra money is definitely worth it for something more high quality. Will probably not be buying this product again.
It came in a little lighter than stated but the cocoa is soft and smells nice. I used it to make a lotion and the lotion smells just like the cocoa.
It was a nice product over all but trimmer Broke after a month.
Two of the five tweezers are meant for extractions, while the other three seem to be lash extension tweezers. Not really what I was looking for in a product advertised for blackhead extractions.
The scent is so light, too light.
Not bad but not as pigmented as I would have liked.
In all fairness the dark brown was too dark for me, but the main reason for my rating was these fibers clump too much!!! I have used other products, and this is probably the worst for clumping.
Smells great but product did not moisturize my dry hair hardly. Thick lotion like, feels heavy on the hair and felt more like a rinse conditioner than a leave in. I have nice hair and keep my hair maintained, overall I just didn't care for this product even though it smells great.
This dye was for my step daughter. The amount of bleeding that comes from this dye is ridiculous. Pieces of hair that fall on the counter and get splashed with water will bleed and stain the counter top. And best believe you need to cover EVERY surface of your bathroom before dying because this stuff is NOT coming out if it stains. I was never a big fan of this dye and will not let her buy more of it.
Love this shampoo but very dissapointed in the packaging. For the price, I hate to lose any product and I certainly did in the shipping.
Great looking bows, bought for our softball team. Girls love the bows. This is my 3rd set of bows. They don't last very long. They don't stay together very well. Been having to use a hot glue gun to keep them together. They look nice but hold together very well.
Love this but I was a little disappointed that it wasn't as full as I thought it would be
Helps with the blonde/brassiness, but does not condition well at ALL. I purchased another conditioner shortly after because of the poor quality!
Didn't make my eyelashes grow
I recently gained weight and my chin was getting thicker day by day. I was recommended this product and it greatly help shaping my chin and now i can see my neck again! Recommended!
Not what I expected. They are trial sizes but do ok in a rush.
Was so excited when I got my package. Its small and very light, convenient for traveling. But what I didn't like was that I had to use it 3-5 times for my gel polish to be completely cured.
It barely works, from what we can tell. I'll post a before and after photo of my husband's beard. I think if the teeth of the comb were deeper that we would be able to see more results. We will keep trying it to see if there is a technique to this product.
The lining of the bottle has detached from the outside bottle. Therefore, the bottle does not hold much water at all. It sprays great, and works just as expected, but this issue does somewhat disappoint.
Sample bottle that you usually get free at malls and department stores
The product is nice, the kids love the colors. The only knock is the stream of vapor it puts out is somewhat week compared to other models.
Very watery and seemed to rub off easily
I ordered the wrong rollers for my ped egg, they don't go all the way on and when I turned the machine on the head popped off.
Did not come with a bag as stated in information card that was in box. Looks cheap so I hope it holds up. I don't use it for pain just face rejuvenation.
I saw they have good review so I bought it. But isn't that good. Just okay
Does not smell like The original product Last about 15 minutes.
The product itself is good but I bought this as a gift for someone and it was packaged so badly (stuffed together with a bunch of other things) that when I received it the boxes were not presentable looking at all! Not sure if this is because of Amazon's packaging or just the way they were to begin with, but this is the first time I had an issue with Amazon's packaging!
I had to replace my original glass spray bottle because my son dropped it. I decided to try this set so I could also make some rollers. After just a few months the spray mechanism stopped working on the big bottle. I never had that issue with my other bottle. I tried cleaning it, adjusting the output, but it just won't spray anymore. Update-Great customer service, sent me replacement. I will try it out and update again if the spray bottle now works better
It only work for about 2 hrs.
I like that it's all natural ingredients, but it leaves my underarms feeling damp.
Not a strong hold but works for short occasions
I love the color and the ease to put it on. I will say it will build up in the creases throughout the day and not look as good as some other eye pencils I have used but for the price I can't complain!
The case is huge. It takes up a ton of space and the actual interior/compartments are not as spacious as I'd hoped. It is a bonus though that the compartment sizes are adjustable.
Holds oils really good
Product came and pump does not work. Will take a few weeks to see if product is effective or not. Didn't send back. Too much of a hassle to return.
Or maybe my head is a little big. I don't have long hair & due to illness it's thinned. So keep in mind it's not a very big wrap, but it's good for the size it is. Good Luck!
GAVE AS A GIFT, DID NOT WORK WELL, MAYBE FOR THOSE WITH SHORT LEGS?
This file does a pretty good job at filing my nails, but it does leave them rough in some spots. I've had to trim off some frayed edges. The little box it comes in is also kind of cheap. I don't expect it to last very long.
I was disappointed in this product as it did not last long and it was very watery.
Bought these for toiletries. Not super sturdy. Ok for small needs-ie lightweight items, travel size liquids, etc.
Bangs were a little to long for me so had to cut them. Hair tangles pretty easy. Keep a brush near by. Perfect for a get up and go kinda wig.
Doesn't stay on your face on fells tight some times
This comb is larger than my hand. I cannot imagine why a comb would be this big
It's good for a quick between salon appt due. Super dry and tangled so you have to shape it and work a little magic on it.
I really like this product. It is easy to sleep in. It's comfortable. The results are easily noticeable. My criticism is that the adhesion doesn't seem to last after 8-10 uses. I've worn it about 8 times and the sides stopped sticking well after about 6 wears. I followed all the instructions to the letter and made sure that my chest was clean and dry without any oil, etc. Then it fell off while I was sleeping after the 8th wear. It still sticks but just not through the night. It's easy to clean with soap and water and air drying and that helps adhesion. Make sure your chest is completely free of any oils, lotions, etc. I wouldn't buy again. It says up to 30 uses but I just can't see that happening at all.
Since I can't take any fish oil products, I can say that the person who uses the product preferred the krill oil from another vendor primarily because the gel-caps are softer.
The heat mechanism did work but the beads didn't still well to think hair!
I had to glue in some of the tools.
Works great but I didn't realize it leaves a residue. THIS IS NOT THE COMPANY'S FAULT. I merely did not realize that it was like a "cover up"/dry shampoo. Great smell and works good as a dry shampoo. Just be prepared that it is a colored spray.
Very small... not as easy to apply as I thought
A little expensive in my opinion but seems to work.
ITS ALRIGHT.. YOU CAN ONLY USE IT FOR SMALLER ITEMS BECAUSE BIGGER ONES WONT ALLOW IT TO CLIP SHUT AND IF YOU DO MANAGE TO DO IT, IT'LL BE BULKY. AND IT ALSO DOESN'T LOOK LIKE IT'LL LAST TOO LONG IF I OVER USE IT. ITS GOOD FOR A QUICK TRIP AND TILL IT REALLY JUST FALLS APART. I DO LIKE BEING ABLE TO HANG IT UP ANYWHERE AND JUST GRAB MY THINGS AND NOT HAVE TO DIG THRU A BAG.
Good for lighting, but not sturdy at all.
Too dry... requires too much rubbing even to get off non-waterproof mascara. Would be great if had more liquid.
and love that it is not plastic, but after six weeks the bristles are all bent.
Could just be me but this was very uncomfortable.
Not quite as dark as a green as I wanted.
Purchased as a gift for my niece. We wish it came with some sort of fastener or instructions.
Received with one 4 oz jar broken
Great product. Damaged package.
Didn't take long to knot -up in the back
I bought this kind of randomly because it was a 3 pack so I could keep one in my room for when I get ready and in my gym bag for just in case. The smell isn't bad. I didn't notice any white marks. My only problem with this is I felt like I needed to reapply legit every time I went to workout. Maybe I didn't put enough on in the morning? I feel like you might have to bathe in it to last all day. Oh well not super expensive and was worth the try. Probably gonna go back to Dove after its run out.
for the price you get a lot of liquid but I wasn't the fan of the smell so I gifted it to a relative. Originally I smelled the perfume on somebody and fell in love with the scent not sure why the scent would be any different
I did not expect to receive eight bars of soap which were loosely thrown into a bag and not in one package. This is not as shown in the picture.
It is exactly what it says it is. I'll never have to buy trimmer/clipper oil again. The only problem was it arrived with the nozzle tip broken. It's still useable but comes out in a greater quantity than I care for. It's ok... adapt and overcome!
My hair is bleached to a platinum blonde, this shows up exactly the way I expect it to. However, it does not last past 2 washes. I understand its a pale pastel shade that requires a lot of upkeep. Would be a better value if it lasted longer.
I like The product but the bottle leaks, I use This to have a little tan while traveling and have had this product leak alllll over my stuff please fix the bottle because the product is great.
why does it have to have petrolatum :(
Does not hold up to heat from the blow dryer. Bristles melted.
Not for me. Reminds me of grandpa cologne with a hint of kerosene. May work for others but just smells old to me. Got it blindly because I drive a Mustang. Silly, I know. Bottle cap arrived crushed and it was leaking everywhere. Ran my poor dog out of the kitchen.
This product is incredible however the packaging was not. A few ounces of the product had leaked even through the bag onto other unrelated items that I had purchased. Very happy with the product but also a weird way to be introduced to this company.
The label said You put 1 tablet in between the water tip and the hose it attaches to. So I unscrewed the pieces and laid the tablet in the middle and went to screw them back together. Lol the tablet was twice the size of the in diameter and would not happen!
Broke out more than I ever have.
Had a big dent in bottle, and it's kinda on the runny side
I normally love this lotion and have been using it for YEARS. It appears they may have altered the fragrance, it used to be very coconut forward. Now it's mostly fig. It smells like a sweet candle... not nearly as pleasant. I wish I would have smelled it before I used it because I would have sent it back.
I wanted to give this item four stars seeing how it works well with my powdered brushes; however, I purchased this item with the intention to wash my liquid foundation brush. Unfortunately, I have to use more than the recommend amount, and it still doesn't thoroughly clean it.
Not sure about the hype. Too dry to use on my body
It's ok, I say this because as your practicing the pieces start coming off 😩 I used it twice and now it's useless
Works fine, good size, but the mirror is cracked.
Cute bows but make sure you order months in advance!
Color only lasted a few weeks
Item is good, but one of the three pump tops was damaged when it arrived. The 3-pack was shipped in an envelope instead of a box. I'd like to request a new pump top be sent, at which point I am happy to post 5-stars for the item.
The flosser itself is nice. My issue is with the base unit that is required to enable the flosser to charge. The large, clunky base is totally unnecessary. Why not eliminate the base and allow a person to plug the USB cable directly to the flosser? It would get five stars without the worthless charging base.
Not at all like the photo, not white but yellow and hard. It's melted into the shape of a tub, so it's not chunks of shea butter, like i was hoping for. It's super hard/thick. Not really that good of a smell. But it's like hard butter. It works and does the things that it indicates, softening on the skin and silky once melted. But it's super hard and a little hard to scoop up and use.
They are big so not too good for traveling. If you want them to be perfect out of the box mine were pretty scuffed up. I ended up painting them to hide the scuffs.
I get this one and the sleep mixed up, so I will have to fix my sleep review. This one does have too much citrus (tangerine) and not enough lavendar. I like it, but for sleep needs I will stay with Dr. Teal which has move of a lavender scent and costs less. The epsom salt itself is good and I love the orange scent - but not for sleep.
It gets the job done.
It was fine but a bit overpriced.
The warmer wouldn't stay turned on so i ended up melting the way in the bucket with hot water
Nice rich cream but I don't see how anyone with eczema can use this with the strong smell. People who are sensitive with eczema should not be using fragrant products. Sure the tallow is amazing, but the smell is just too much. So instead of using it on my son, I used it on myself, but it was too greasy, and I broke out. It never sunk in, just sat on my face and I looked like a greased up turkey. Unfortunately it's a waste since no one will be using it. Wish they sold smaller samples instead of a large tub, because it's such a waste.
Clips are very small. They look bigger in photo. I have bigger ones that I love but they only come in brown and black. Love the additional colors offered but mini clips.
My toenails looked slightly better but didn't get much better. I still had to consult a physician
Was a present for my wife at Christmas, opened, plugged in and made a bright flash then was dead. Found that the bulb was bad, called Conair which was a waste of time, told me to send back to seller. Since that was more hassle than what it's worth, I ordered a LED bulb on Amazon which made the mirror perfect! bright, no heat and suppose to last a long time. Mirror is nice quality, Conair customer support worthless (should have offered to send me a bulb?)
Over half of the bottles leaked. Had to clean up majority of bottles. Now I can't see the names of the colors. But I can pretty much figure that out.
Like these to dip Into homemade face masks. I finished them years ago and never repurchased (for no particular reason)
good oils some of the scents not as strong but good variety
Most part of does work but I have really long hair like below my waist and it seemed to dry my ends but the heat is only in one setting so kinda of hard to adjust to.
We used the large size and the fit was good. We have had to reshape it once, so it is helpful that it can be reshaped. The small size is way too small. I wish the pack came with the large size and a size larger as some of the product gets lost with the boiling process. I will purchase this item again. Way more affordable than going through the dentist office.
This product has a unique taste. Not sure if that's normal because I've never had this oil before
Doesn't sync online, but as a diffuser it works amazing. When you fill it, it runs for a full day on high for us. I have had no issues with it besides the online feature.
The scent is more masculine. The product wasnt what I expected.
Cute and different sizes.
I bought these earrings as I was looking for something pink. These are not pink at all. The flowers are white and yellow. Not pink and yellow. Am disappointed. Earring as such is pretty
I like the green side very much and would have give 5 stars but find the brush side to be very thick and too soft.
So these look like great quality out of the package but they are terrible for wearing. Every single time I've put them on they've split down the middle. Not into my nail bed, but all the tips. I've ended up having to trim them down to nothing EVERY TIME and I'm getting so frustrated. They stick great with the glue I purchased, and are VERY difficult to remove so I've never had one pop off. But the SPLITTING. argh. These were supposed to save me time and money but geez maybe I'll just go back to the salon. Ugh.
Smells fine, washes your hair well but i don't notice any difference between this shampoo and a regular shampoo. Has not helped with hair loss like the other biotin shampoo i used to use.
So far, this product seems to do what it says it does. I am definitely noticing a positive affect on my rosacea. HOWEVER, I would not buy it again from this seller. Why? First, the box came all crushed, though that might be the Post Office's fault. Second, brand new bottle and it only feels like it's half way full! What's the deal with that?
I give 3 stars because of how small the jars are and because the tiny glitters stick to the container so they don't show up in my designs
Pretty hair, soft and manageable. The cap is extremely big and uncomfortable around the ears. After combing and very little product, the hair turns wavy. Haven't worn it out yet. The part could use some tweezing and concealer to make it look more natural.
As lip balm, it was perfect. The tint is too shimmery and pearly for my taste, though.
I have used other products that are better
Regular tingle lotion user. Absolutely no tingle. Disappointed in this lotion.
Very little coverage.. Bought for my daughter though so it should work for her makeup needs.
I like the coverage and that this product is organic, but I cannot get over the weird smell, I avoid using this product if I am going to be close to anyone. I can smell the weird clay smell even after it has been on my face for a while.
Dries out my hair. I have Asian hair. Pretty small bottle considering the price.
The brush seems nice but mine came partially deflated.
I used this in my phone but it would not recognize it as internal memory after proper installation. It did work as portable memory, but I don't feel it was all that reliable. Just my experience, likely would've worked better for computer use only.
Works well to keep my hair smooth and shiny but I thought it was going to make it more shiny than it does.
I like the light coverage but it's darker and doesn't have as much bronze as the stuff they used to sell.
The templates are nice but the stamper is awful. Can barely pick up the polish and it's hard to clean the stamper.
Works okay.. leaves a mess in the shower. Also makes the tub floor very slippery after using the soap side.
I got this edge control because I'm a vegan and I'm in the process of transitioning all of the products I purchase to cruelty free and vegan ones. The scent was great as was the hold however it flaked terribly on the first date.
don't like the way it smells.
Tried to use w derma roller, did not notice numbing affect. Don't know if I am using wrong
hmmm....this is cool but it makes the hair stiff. It smells good and it's not sticky but it's not easy to apply evenly either. Not sure if it should be applied to wet hair and if it can be ironed after it's been applied. It's an experimentation in progress.
I haven't used the product long enough to see results yet, but I do want to suggest they change the packaging and delivery system of the product. The nozzle you press sticks and then shoots out way too much product so creates waste. Its not just this particular bottle, but the type of nozzle. There is little control to how much you dispense when you press on it. I've had this problem with any product with this type of nozzle. So much so that I probably won't buy anything packaged this way again.
Works. Cleaning the brushes messed them up. Careful using the ruff face pieces they will leave calluses. It's not waterproof.
It smells the same as the original from Estee Lauder but does not last near as long.
Expected better from this for the brand name. The edges are weirdly rough not great for something I bought to remove eye makeup. Won't be buying again
Didn't really see what the rave was all about.
The sponges are sort of hard, but once you wet them they get a little less hard. I prefer the Real Techniques beauty blender over these because it's so much softer and allows you to put foundation on without without pushing hard on your face.
I like this soap because its so soft on my face and skin but not much bubbles its not rough on my skin but very slow the result I don't see the light skin yet good soap not itchy or dry and the smells is good its not melted right away
Just an FYI, this thing seems to leak...I can't explain it. I've had the tray clicked into place, I've tried it not clicked into place. I've filled it to the top, I've not filled it to the top. No matter what, I have a puddle beneath it on the counter. I have to have a cloth under it. The only way I seem to avoid this too much is just leaving the lid off. It's annoying since the cheapies don't leak at all to include when the lid is closed. BUT it works and cleans my retainers, so I guess it is functional. It's just irritating that a 99 cent walmart special works better. I will say this looks nice to leave out on the counter though, so for looks, I leave as 3 stars.
Some handles are moving. I had to fixed it by myself and ensure that the handles fit perfectly.
I wish the cream portion and the liquid portion mixed together better. I bought this for two reasons: My eyelashes and my dad's eyebrows. His eyebrows are salt and pepper at this point and we'd like them darker. My hair/eyelashes are brunette but the ends of my lashes are blonde. I tried this on myself first three times. Although it seemed to dye my lashes a little bit, I couldn't see a significant difference. The texture of the product is odd; the mixture doesn't actually mix well together which may cause problems. I tried it on my father. It's not as good as using regular hair dye on his brows but the fact that we can use this multiple times makes this more economical. We leave it on him for 15-20 minutes and I really have to COAT it on his brows. Once we wash it off, they are darker but not as dark as with hair dye. Using regular hair dye was much easier to do on his eyebrows but paying for an entire box just for brows wasn't worth it. I'm going to use the rest of this product but I doubt I'll buy it again.
I love the smell of this oil When I got it the box was sealed, but when I took the cap off the whole inside was wet as if the oil was leaking out. I have had this for about a month, using nights when I know I will wash my hair the next day because it does make your hair very greasy. I am just surprised it is still leaking. I did contact the manufacturer and they did offer me a percentage off. I thought they would send me a fresh bottle that doesn't leak. I don't know if this actually works, I can't use it everyday. I wash my hair every other day for it being so thin.
I tend to love Loreal products. This shampoo is great but the conditioner was way too heavy..
The electric shaver works great but the manual one not too good
Only problem you need a lot of hair to use this. Not for thin hair
Can't explain it; difficult getting the curler on my left eye....it's awkward and hard to see placement the way the fingers are positioned in the holes.
It does rip your hair out and is super difficult to get in or out but gorgeous pieces.
Have used other waxes that I feel are better quality.
Got 2 uses out of them and they broke. I've bought these twice and they do not last long at all
The product does not work on fine hair.. I have fine hair.. lots of it.. but the pieces that roll the hair up are too heavy and tend to slide out. There is VERY little difference in the 2 lengths of rods... I couldn't find how long to let the rods heat before using them.. it's too large to travel with.. If you have fine hair.. even if it is long it probably won't be the best choice.. I find if I put my hair in a ponytail and roll it around and Bobbi pin it during the day (or overnight) it will have a better curl than this gives it..
Problems with the part in front.
I was going out on a limb to see if this value card would work in my Moto g6 but the transfer rate was too slow to be used effectively by the OS. The card I received didn't look like the one pictured, just plain black with no logo. I ended up using the card in my Kindle which didn't complain about the card being too slow.
Given the price, I should have known better. These beauty blending sponges feel awful on my face--they are almost like rubber! I've tried to use them differently than I usually use blenders given that they feel so differently, but I just can't use them on my skin without feeling like I'm pulling it! Not worth the price...
Found out that Aloe vera that's processed into lotion is actually an irritant and does nothing for healing. Check with a dermatologist. Scent is a little over powering. Bought medical grade sun screen.
It's a good product, but one side is entirely adhesive and so if your skin is 100% ok then fine. But, if you have a wound there is no gauze on this product to cover that wound and it can pull on any delicate skin. One side is entirely very sticky and the other side smooth.
The first time I ordered this product, it was in glass, as the picture implies. This time, it was in a plastic bottle. I DO NOT DO PLASTIC! I might have to find another supplier, if it isn't going to be the glass. I was happy with the first order, not so much with this one.
Decent price but only kinda straightens my beard. Definitely makes it look alil cleaner but not exactly what I was looking for
Works pretty good, but it you have sensitive teeth do not do this everyday do it once then wait two days to do it again or you will not be able to eat i didnt notice a huge difference but a little is better than nothing
Not the original scent but still close
I mixed them with clear acrylic and then also cap them with clear and they work great. I have used them with both a dip system and monomer (young nails). You will need to test them out to figure out the best consistency for you to work with them and there may be a few small chunks, but overall definitely worth the money.
Im a bit on the fence with this. It smells similar to Opium. Just not the same.
Works fantastic. My beef is you cannot get the clear gel from subscribe & save. They only do the cream version. Why?
The description says that it comes two to a package but there is only one in each one therefore instead of getting 200 you're only getting 100. Otherwise they are okay.
Received shipment and gold is dried out and apparently can not be replaced or returned. Bad business.
Product came without the plastic lid in shipping box, it only came with a thin protector that opened up and now there's shampoo all over the place
I bought this lotion because the ingredients are not harmful like some lotions from other brands. Their EWG ingredient scores were pretty good. As for the lotion consistency it is very watery. I have some concerns right now because the product does not seem very moisturizing or at least not as moisturizing as I was hoping for. I have very dry skin. I like the fact that it's unscented - better for your skin. I can see that some people have had their packages arrive damaged. To be honest I think that is to do with the fact that the bottle is so big and the pump so small and fragile that it might break while being shipped. I will add updates as I continue to use this product.
Its ok gets too hot though
Does not protect very well in water and is difficult to rub into skin.
Works well, but tangles my hair. I wouldn't recommend this if your hair is thick and tangly.
This lipstick has orange undertones, even though the image online had purple undertones. I still liked it, although it didn't last me through one short trip to the grocery store.
Ok, like everyone else said, this new design sucks. Like, it's really terrible. If you follow the instructions, it's not comfortable at all because it only molds to the top teeth if you use the tray. I re-molded it outside of the tray using both my upper and lower teeth, and now it's bearable. I miss the weird old plastic one I had by them, but alas, I chewed through it. :'(
I got this brush about 4/5 months ago and about half of the balls are off the end of the brissels. I'm giving this 3 stars because the price was like $8 something. But... quality wise... it only lasted me less than half a year. So not the best.
It's not a scrub, there is no exfoliating job done...it feels just like the cleanser, a soap...nice clean feeling after tho
I usually buy this from a local beauty supply store. The nozzle is often a problem and causes the spray to be wayward in all directions! This time I ordered through Amazon and the top arrived cracked. Hmm
Very weak, not smooth at all
I like the size and the ability to put it on a keychain. Directions on Amazon page for programming were easy to follow and were correct. However, only 1 of the two had a functioning battery when they arrived, and no instructions came with the package for how to open remotes to change battery. Hopefully the vendor will supply that info, or better yet a fresh battery!
Bought this to replace set I had (not by Utilyze). Like the size because it will travel nicely. Seems to have everything one needs.
One of the first fragrances I purchased online. I did a lot of research into many different ones, and at the time this one was getting quite a lot of good reviews. So I went with it. All in all, it's not great and not terrible, just okay. Compared to other fragrances I've worn and currently wear, I never had anyone notice this one or say something about it. Plus just what I thought of its fragrance wasn't all that great. Now it mostly just sits, in case I somehow completely run out of some of my favorite fragrances.
Compare with the original Dove this it's fake but it make the same thing so I don't mind:) And I save some money
I used it to store a bunch of my photography gear. Having the clear panel is a big help in locating exactly what I needs. One negative is that the zipper blew out on one of the compartments.
I bought this because my CPAP headgear was leaving a mark on my face and rubbing the back of my neck raw. This solved the problem with my neck but the cushions on either side were hard to adjust without help and seem to contribute to my mask leaking. I cut the side cushions off and am using the neck cushion alone tonight in hopes that will fix the problem.
I have a hard time getting fine hairs with these. I will stick to tweezerman.
I wouldn't say that it was "healthy for nails" as described......but it's pretty and a nice fine grit file overall
It's not medium light brown. It's dark brown color. Doesn't match my highlights at all. Does cover up my grey but its a shade darker for my preference.
I have curly hair and have been using this product for a long time because of its lightweight manageability, it doesn't make my hair sticky! The only reason I gave it 3 star is because the pump wasn't working, I'm sure it broke in the shipment!
I liked that it was delivered in a timely manner. However, something was off about the fragrance. I've been purchasing white shoulders for many years. My sister wore it when I was a child. It was so different that I purchased another bottle from Walgreens to compare. It did indeed smell different, had a chemical smell.
Terrible product. Sprays all over the place
The bottles were broken
My son uses lots of these hydrocolloid products for acne. He says these aren't as effective as others. Bummer.
First needle broke right away. Was careful with the 2nd and worked fine.
it doesn't suds up much
This is very supportive. However, it is really tight for its size. Just a little painful when your stomach isn't quite flat and still sensitive. I'd definitely get a large if you wear a medium size shirt. I had to wait until my stomach was back pretty fold before I could wear it. Very tight.
It works but it's too thin!
I love the smell . i have yet to decide if it actually works . so far so good
Not happy with the scent but holds my hair okay. I prefer natural essence smells not perfume.
These work fine, but don't wow me. They aren't the easiest to clean but are not expensive enough to worry about replacement when the puppies chew them into pretty multi colored pieces.
They are fine, but I expected better quality for the price
Cordless shavers are rated for their charge capacity, comfort and how well they can shave. It's Cordless ability is exceptional as it will hold a charge for quite a long time between recharging. There is even a digital percent reading that will tell you how much charge is left which is a nice feature. Comfort wise it's grip is not very comfortable and the dual face of this thing is just irritating on my face it just feels all wrong. Shave quality is what i would consider below par. I feel I am running over my face with a lawnmower with this thing and constantly going over the same area over and over. Sorry but this shaver is just mediocre at best
Its very soft seems durable. Took less than three weeks to get it and that's with ordering on Xmas day. So far so good except the paints chipped on the bottom but that's no biggie. I have yet to use it though.
They fall apart pretty easily. I already had to throw away 2.
I wanted to love this mascara. It doesn't smudge which is great but not big on volume, not great.
Works ok, but not worth $15. You could easily go to Home Depot and buy a small spring and use it the same way.
The jeans are nice but fit tightly on my size 14 daughter and were uncomfortably tight on my size 16 Sister in Law.
Product will flake on your face - so keep a mirror handy to make sure you don't have black spots
One of the tops was not screwed tightly and some of the container leaked in the shipping box.
It's ok a little small and the light is not very bright.
I like the smell of this deodorant and the fact that it is safe for sensitive skin. However, it was not as effective as the clinical strength over-the-counter deodorant that I have used the past.
This brush is huge but it detangles better when u have conditioner in your hair but I have natural 3c 4a hair
Disappointed because plastic mounting failed in the wind and the antenna was damaged beyond repair.
Wish they sold a set of steak knives that equaled the quantity of this block and not 1 less or 1 extra... Poor planning leads us to buy generic steak knives instead of their products. Missed sales opportunity there.
Beautiful lace, nicely done wig...just too shiny. Definitely won't pass as my real hair. Also too dark, no other natural color option. Going to pass. Great quality over all though, just not for me. Also, the cap runs large, couldn't adjust to my size either.
Does not last long on my lips. Did not see that in other reviews. Unfortunately, I would not recommend this one because it doesn't last through a one hour breakfast meal. I like their liquid lip but there isn't a good neutral color option in that.
Love the colors that came and names however I got them for my 9 month old and we also got the piggy paint remover and omg it takes FOREVER to come off and quite frankly makes it difficult to do my little ones nails also all the steps to ensure it stays on including blow drying and three nails came off on day two so having the remover not easily remove was incredibly frustrating.
I have owned one before that was more expensive and the suction was better. Also, the cups arent clear so its hard to see what youre sucking out if anything.
full and long, I was looking for something more natural.
Doesnt smell strong enough!
I had really bad break out after using it. Not made for sensitive skin.
Works well and no scents
Certainly not the best trimmer I have used. Battery life and power are not great.
Power button just stop working. Don't come on.
This mirror would've been great, had it been in one piece with it showed up. It even had foam framing around it, yet the glass was shattered upon opening. No “fragile” warnings were anywhere on the box. This was going to be a gift, so when we opened it and found it broken, I was pretty disappointed. Will be returning and ordering a new one; hopefully this one isn't shattered. Aside from that, the mirror is great. Lights are awesome. A little annoying that it comes with a USB cable to power it on but no wall adapter. I feel like it could easily be included for a few dollars more in manufacturing. Just kind of weird, but overall a cool mirror. Can't wait to get my new one.
Does the job. Really flimsy for sure. Not a fan of the ridges in it but it does get the job done.
Not much flexibility in sizing with just a small piece of Velcro to secure it.
This dryer looks beautiful but it is big and bulky and hard to hold without changing the control buttons. The smaller size would be better. This dyer is already very overpriced and a disappointment. It doesn't get as hot so it is safer for your hair though. I would recommend the smaller size.
It's okay... SUPER Small, tight. It fits the rim of your head super snug and has "some room" for your hair. If you have thick curly hair, I wouldn't suggest it... find a Large or extra large.
Incredibly soft. Too soft for my tastes, but If you have incredibly sensitive gums then it'll work for you. Only problem is, there were some residue that built up on the stem of the toothbrush after use for a week or two. If I'm gonna pay this much, I'd like it to be a bit higher quality.
You can tell that it's not real human hair. I've washed it three times and it still has that weave smell to it that I can't get rid of. Otherwise
I like the lotion it did help calmed my skin irritation a bit. The reason why i only gave it 3 stars is because when its cold the lotion gets hard and you have to open and scoop it out. Other wise I like the smell not to strong.
It is hard to spread evenly thru hair. I used the bottle but won't be buying again. It did darken my hair a bit and it looked good, but not enough to mess with every time I wash my hair.
Contrary to what many of the reviews said, the curls simply didn't stay. I have long, fine, color treated hair. The clips also left a line in my hair. I had a set in the 90s that I used and loved...but this doesn't seem to work the same. Back to old fashioned hot rollers for me.
I love KISS MY FACE brand but this stuff is so thick. I feel like I have a mask on my skin.
The bristles all got mashed down after a few uss. Works good on knitted hair though.
Doesn't fit my Gigi Warmer. Wax seems ok
it dried out very quickly- didn't last
The scent is not strong i was wondering if this was the original.
Didn't like the consistency, it's didnt wax well
They aren't great but look at the price you can't expect much. They are cheap brushes the brushes you want to be dense aren't and the brushes you want to be fine (like the detail brushes) have too many bristles in my opinion although that is an easy fix to just cut some off. They are painted so don't get the handle in acetone it'll melt the paint right off. For the price they are fine. The dotting tools are surprisingly high quality I don't personally need so many but they are very nice.
This would have been a perfect scored product if the bottle was completely full. There was enough foundation to use 4 times... and that's using a brush and maybe 3 presses of the bottle. Im so disappointed!
Followed all the directions, on how to apply. Next morning and every shower after that 1 by one stickers are being thrown out. They became loose and headed fir the drain
I am pleased with the performance...once you're able to attach the tools. I found it not only difficult to get them in, but it took even more time to switch them out. Obviously mine has a small defect in the locking mechanism, but I was able to get it to work eventually. Also, some of the sanding bands are to big for the bit, so they slip off while filing. All and all once I was able to get a bit on it, it worked great for buffing and sanding.
Loved it until the elastic started tearing away from the cap in under 2 months use. This should not have occurred with gentle use in a cap for this price.
These worked great for my shampoo, conditioner and styling cream, but not for my liquid makeup remover. Every time I packed it away in my bag, it leaked. Even as I had it stored on a shelf at home, it leaked when I used it. Every time. Also, the pressurized bottle isn't liquid friendly.. when you squeeze, it shoots out. The case that's provided arrived very scuffed and with letters missing. I like being able to label the bottles but it only came handy for me with shampoo and conditioner.
Like the toothpaste but makes a giant mess to clean in sink
Cap was too small to effectively corral hair to keep it dry, and my hair is fairly short. Also serves to flatten hair. Have not had it long enough to assess durability. I recommend you keep looking for a better option.
Well this would've been a wonderful product except three of the six plastic sprayer parts did not work at all so I feel like I wasted my money. If the company reads these, would you please contact me and send me three new sprayer parts? I would be very grateful. I didn't know until now that they didn't work because I just used the bottles for a project to make gifts for friends, but now I can't use them.
Not for sensitive skin, but works
Got this hair die thinking it will work better then my regular drug store brand , but let me tell you that I am not happy with that I still had gray hairs right after I die my hair with this one ! Not what I expected!
When the bottle arrived, half of the contents were spilled all over the package as if someone has opened it previously
It's okay. Doesn't always look super dark & it washes out reallyyyyy fast
Feels like body wash. Looks like body wash. Seems to clean me up pretty well. It has absolutely no scent. This might actually be a good thing for some. I wish it made me smell like a new man. It doesn't.
My daughter slept in these for 8+ hours and her hair did not dry completely. She has very straight and thick hair. The curls did not hold and there were not enough curlers included in the package. Somewhat pricey product for the quantity received.
I had hoped for a case that had a little extra room for batteries and extra blades. It does not. I don't really use it.
I have other essentials ginger oils and these didn't really have enough scent
Other than the missing oil and a few missing attachments, it's great.
This lotion seems thick and rich, but I am not a huge fan. It is two colored and the colors are separate, not sure if this was the original design. It appears weird to me. I will use it up but I am not sure if I will purchase it again.
It works better on course hair like my boyfriend. I tried it on his and it pulled a bunch of hair out for him, but noticed my thin nose hair didn't really come out. Not sure why. It does leave some hair behind.
The clips are very cute but the roses break off easily
Doesn't show up on the skin as expected.
This is ok but it has a strong smell and leaves the skin oily after
Not impressed like with all other wahl products
It's just ok . The ponytail was little difficult to put on and the bangs was not easy to put on either. Shouldn't be so hard to put on my head. Overall just ok 👌🏽
Works okay on teeth. Not much difference noticed.
Nothing really does it all.
This shampoo seems to dry out my baby fine fair. It does make it heavier but it is not as manageable and needs an oil conditioner, which defeats the texture chant it provides.
It dries up quickly. Save the money on a least expensive brand so that when it dries up you don't feel bad about having to get more.
It was okay really didn't feel or see the effect of the product.
The fragrance itself is great, and the lotion texture is wonderful. Silky, not sticky at all. The problem I have is that the bottle I received seemed to be used -_- There was at least 1/5 of the product missing, maybe even 1/4. I have bought this product in store before, and the bottle comes completely full, so I know there was some tampering. I'm disappointed in the distributer, not the product.
I like how smooth it is; I still feel like it is a little heavy for a tinted moisturizer.
Work great but flakes badly super holds hairs down
Fogged up within the first week of purchase, so if that is your main goal this won't work. However, I give it the three stars because so far it's been a sturdy shower mirror that I wipe the fog off every few seconds when shaving.
I bought this on recommendation from a beauty blogger, I like to try new things and like that I didn't need a brush to apply- easy for travel! However, after multiple tries to perfect my technique, I am just not able to get an even application. Since it is liquid, very watery, it was not easy to blend and always ends up being darker in some spots more than others. The color is good, lasts all day, but not worth the difficulty in application to get it even. Going back to my powder blush now!
they get the teeth brushed
Worked fairly well. I used it to celebrate my husbands (what we thought was going to be) his final chemo treatment. But all is still good- He's doing well. We all wore our t-shirts purple and gold with his name, so I put purple and gold in my hair too. I have light blonde highlights in my hair- pretty heavily spread out- it was noticeable but not overly so. The pinks, reds, etc may be more so.
Smells good but doeant work well. I have to reapply multiple times. The coconut one works better.
I give it 3 stars because I just got the tool and used it once. It was easy to use and very effective. As for sturdiness it seems fine. I haven't dropped it yet. So far its a good product.
Well it's white all right. It's just a little thick and clumpy. It conceals fine, but it feels cheap
I did lots of research on amazon to find a good wig. It was a toss up between two so I bought them both. The one on the right is the wig from this purchase and as you can tell it just looks a mess and just getting it out of the net the wig just looked like it was fake. The other wig is much smoother and more realistic. Don't get me wrong I am definitely going to have to pluck, thin, cut and paint the other wig but it looks snd feels real. Something I can work with. Plus the wig from this purchase is pretty small and I do not have a big head.
This pic is gold on rose gold. Beautiful nails. Super shiny! Most of these powders are great but for whatever reason some just will not work. The secret to chrome powder is no wipe top coat on nails.
I was not able to read the instructions because they were not in English so I'm not sure if I did it right the only part I could read was the name of the product
This styling spray works well enough but the scent is to strong for me. I wish they would make this product scent free.
Ok, could be softer. Came missing one and package opened
My wife expected more with this hair dryer. She found it lacking in power.
Came with everything except the got to be glued hair gel.
This tripod stand is so much better than the typical counter stand. I was so over the stand that I got from school constantly slipping off the chair or table, this is a lifesaver! Love the carry bag it comes with, nice to transport easily. **Update After using for a few weeks, I'm not as impressed with this at all. It's so light that I have to secure it with my foot so it doesn't slide while I'm doing hair, the bottom rungs are very delicate (I've already noticed that they will bend if not extra careful seeing up and breaking down, and the carry bag is already useless as it rips at the seam a little every time I shove the tripod in. So maybe but such a great product after all. I'm stuck with it it now, but I wish I would have invested a little more money to get a more sturdy one.
Love color but cap is too big. They are stretched already.
I find the smell fine when just opening the box but burning them, it is too strong for me. I do love that they are supposed to be all natural but it was too much for my house.
Like the other brand . Didn't last a month because it dries out fast. I used it sparingly but again didn't last. Not worth it to me to purchase again.
The scent is good but I wouldn't pay full price for the full bottle. Not sure what makes this one so expensive.
Good for short term use, but needs to be rinsed after a few uses as my Mom's hair got greasy and she developed dandruff after using for about a month.
Good product that keeps your hair where you put it. That being said it is a very hard product to manipulate and very hard to get off your hands when done.
I have been using these for about a month now. I have very thick and heavy hair so it doesn't hold my hair up as much as I would like. However my teenager, who is very active, and doesn't have as much hair as me, loved wearing them. These work very well on her hair type!
A little weak but work if you slather it on
Nice looking, Works ok, is usable not good coverage for long hair...
It worked for its intended purposes, but she said it stay "tacky" way too long.
7 in 1 is great. Color was darker than expected.
I wanted to wait a little while before doing a review. First off, it's not Vegan (not a big deal to me, but to some it is very important so just want to point that out). It also is greasy in my eyes, and that greasy coating helps the tattoo pop and become vibrant while it absorbs into the skin. Overall, it's ok. I'll move on after this tin and try other products out there.
Each use leaves stray bristles or whatever they're called all over my face.
Product is hard to work with if it's too cold. With proper application, no lifting and the thin coat I apply keeps my natural nails strong and long. Apply nail polish over the gel topcoat (sold separately) and no chipping.
I like the product, but did not like the white powder coating it left on me no matter how much I rubbed it in I was still left with a white residue on my skin.
Honestly not worth the price just paying for the "DIY" of it.
I bought this to try it for the first time and it was easy to use, however, the smell is too strong and it made my feet dry
It was very soft easy to comb I liked it so I would give this hair piece five stars
I wish I had ordered the larger model This side kick is hard to hold onto to me
It looks great but, also if you have a vanity probably there and not your restroom. It takes up a lot of space and the small mirror you have to take it off so that it closes all the way. It is a bit stiff but, if you are wiling to move it around on your own then you will love it. I keep it under the sink and just pull it out when I need it so it hardly sees the light.
The lid on one of my polishes was loose causing it the leak in transit. That one was garbage and was big disappointment. I am pretty happy with the other five colors I received.
Scent is OK. Never really grew on me.
One of it broke right away the same day. The other is stil good using it.
After several months of use, this has lost its firmness and now sometimes falls off the clipper. Perhaps they are not intended to have a long life? Still, overall has been working well.
I am a very big fan of Kiss products, but these are very pretty in Pictures but not really up close. First Kiss normally gets the nail beds right but I didn't like the shape of the bottom of these at all. I would have love for them to have been the same or better quality of the Kiss gel nails, these to me had the quality of a cheaper product they are very thin. I also didn't like the fact that the seller not Kiss charges so much, I have been wearing Kiss nails for over five years and have brought there products from Maryland all the way to Las Vegas and have never paid the kind of price you charge. You wanted almost 20.00 a pair I am a big online shopper and in store shopper. Don't be greedy because people don't like to feel taken. Because when they do they dont like to do business with you. And just so you know on average Kiss nails products never cost over 10.00 and thats rarely. If you can get these from the store or another seller.
Does not do that great of a job. Is okay but we stopped really using after one use.
The blow dryer is great, but the comb attachment is does not stay at all. They need to replace it with something that will actually stay attached.
Please can somebody advise I purchased this hairdryer which I received yesterday how do I know it will work in South Africa not sure what type of universal plug to get
Great flavor but not sure if it actually works
Cheap for a reason but useable
They tend to come unstuck with side sleeping and sweat.
Only two of them were satisfactory enough to trust in daily use. The spray mechanism is fine, but the case itself is the problem. The cap that prevents the spray head from wrecking havoc in my handbag does not fit well on the majority of the canisters I received. Two of them are working well enough so far. But I'll have to get back to you on the rest. Actually, none of this is okay. All of them should be perfect. I have not contacted the seller, but I already read about this same complaint in other reviews. There was plenty of warning. They were right. One or two will be awesome. Don't expect much more.
can't wear under my glasses so I can't read when on, was really hoping to be able to use in that manner
I never write reviews but I wanted to share. It did work but what a hassle. The eye pads were so long they kept lifting. The glue could be way better. Trying to get my lashes to stick to silicone pads was such a pain. Fyi your lashes will stay however they look on pad! So before you put the perm lotion on take your time on this step. If you buy maybe buy different eye pads. I will for sure be ordering different pads.
I tried to to use these at night for a few days, hoping they would stretch eventually...but the material was to tight around my middle toes and always cut off most of the circulation. Good in theory
This product works OK but By the middle of the day there's a lot of flakes under my eyelashes
Love the contents of the box but all of my roller bottles leak at the ball. I'm using thick oils so I'm not sure of the problem. Good product overall just doesn't seem that it all goes together.
For What it's worth it can get the job done. It's not so bad but do look around to find better options.
Not good for a heavy stubble..I purchased it to avoid any bleeding with a blade. I take warfarin. If u do daily shaving it's quick and easy
I was super exited for this palette. But was a little disappointed. The colors are very chalky and they need quite a bit of building up. I recommend finding a good eyeshadow primer before purchasing this
Not as clean as pictured. Have a brown tone. Still looks good, but you should know what you're getting
I love frankincense. It's my favorite incense. This is not the frankincense you have smelled in churches or other rituals. It smells generically sweet and flowery. Not at all like the musty, smokey scent I am used to. The scent isn't bad, and it's dirt cheap, but you will be disappointed if you are looking for the scent of actual frankincense resin.
Works, but not for lone, keep painting it!
The product is NOT what I expected but had no pictures or examples. I used to use a product by Unite called Wicked Wax and compared the ingredients, even though they are similar, this is a grease pomade and they other was a clay pomade. Still works ok, but not best product for my fine spiky hair style.
They weren't a bad product overall. Installed easily and lasted a long time. However my hair isn't super thin, but is slightly. The tape showed through in a lot of places if I wasn't careful how I had my hair.
Its OK for the price. However, the raiser is not really that effectively to remove completely the beard.
Received the correct product and it works great; however, the bottle was dented when received although it did not affect the product itself. 5 stars for product itself but deducted 2 stars since product was received damaged.
it doubled in price in 1 year. No longer worth it.
My skin dont itch by far. It wont really do anything to ur skin. I dont see any changes in my skin face
I have wavy hair and I thought this would enhance my waves. It did nothing actually and didn't tame the frizz at all. I'm highly disappointed.
Great quality i put it on as soon as i opened it... but it wasn't green. It was burgundy (which i like even better). But technically it's not what i ordered.
Love this stuff because it tones down the redness but applying makeup over it is tough since it makes your makeup look cakey.
Good for wrapping hair but did not help frizz.
I like the products and the smell is nice and light. The pack arrived missing shampoo, however, so I can't speak to that.
As a socket adapter, it is good. But the junction could not hold the weight. So I had to return.
I have it 3 stars because colors are super bright but one of the lip gloss came used! See picture. So disappointing since I bought this as a gift.
This was good. But for me I took a long time to tan I would get red and no color. But I started to use it as lotion and it was very nice hydrated and nice feeling to your skin.
Bottles are fine and appears to be blue glass (not blue paint/stain). Rollers are good. Appreciate the opening tool and the extra rollers. LIDS WERE SCRATCHED. Not a very good presentation for selling to my customers. Will look for another brand.
Did not fit agc super 2 speed. Only hold by magnet. Does not clip to clipper
Was what I ordered but it did seem to run small. Did not fit my head!
Ok but small and flimsy
Bought two for my girl.. she said it smells like grapes with a charm inside
I like it but wished it ran more accurately
I accidentally dropped a bottle when I opened the package. I panicked when the bottom popped off thinking I was going to have mess on my hands. However, as it turns out, it's a false bottom. Relieved I didn't have to clean up a mess, a little annoyed that you only get about half the product you would think you'd get in looking at the bottle.
It fits the handle and works just fine.
For what it's worth you can actually make use of this stuff but I tend to wash it out pretty quick because the feeling it leaves but it gives you the shine make em pop out a lil more
If you have thick hair and will be dying all of it one color I'm thinking this will take all day. The brushes aren't very big and the hair clips don't hold a whole lot of hair.
The smell is great, but I don't think it's moisturizing enough for me since I wash my hands quite frequently.
The dark shades a little too dark for medium tone skin. I do love the other three shades though. I hope they come up with a lighter pallet in the future!
This shampoo is excellent for my scalp. I have eczema and psoriasis in my scalp and this product is the only one that clears it up. But it strips my hair and dries it out completely. In the end the scalp wins because it provides relief when I have a flare up.
Once you get used to this floss, it's easy and pleasant to use - I much prefer it to the normal kind. The box it comes in, however, is flimsy and really just ridiculous. I get that the company wants to reduce plastic packaging (which is what most floss comes in), but surely it could have found a little sturdier material, perhaps a slightly thicker cardboard. This is just basically paper. That's my gripe with this floss; otherwise I like it.
Like the scent but one bottle was leaking at it was a sticky mess when opened
My bottles are 32 oz and the 33 oz pumps work just fine. They come quickly and well packaged. I would not buy them again for just one reason. They are not spray pumps. Instead a large amount of liquid. If you wanted them for lotion or a thick liquid you should be happy.
Love the concept. I'm not real good with the too Sue to eyesight.
I like all the accessories as far as the roller, the product does not flow freely. This is the whole concept of the roller ball.
It's cute and fits well. it would look better on a woman with more breasts than what I have since there is no padding LOL
Keeps fingers free of nail polish
This did a great job straightening my daughter's hair, but as for curling, it did not work well.
Not the same product that I normally receive based on packaging
Pros: Really like the color, it looks so nice and natural, clean french look. Cons: The brush is shortened, so it's a little awkward to put polish on. I personally don't like it. Second, the first coat goes on pretty smooth, but the the second coat is almost impossible to put on smoothly, without vertical lines. It seems like the polish does not level itself out because it's too thick and dries while brushing it on the nails. I can never put it on evenly. So, that pretty french manicure you are looking for, is very hard to achieve. The consistency was too thick the first time used it. I only used 3 times, so not really sure if it actually helps. Instead I bought Advanced Hard As Nails in Natural Pink. Much easier to work with, brush size is normal, coats evenly and levels itself out, dries fast (but not when I am still polishing). The look is more like a clear look. But I'm okay with that as long it's easy to work with, covers evenly and dries fast.
Cute but wayyy smaller than I was expecting.
It's good quality and size, but it's almost too sharp, to the point where it's dangerous, you have to be extra careful and apply VERY LIGHT pressure !!
I'm not sure what I expected - but, my hair still gets fizzy. I'm stumped on what product to use. I wanted this to use both wet and dry. I'm gonna keep,trying, I want this to work for me.
Perhaps I am new to the oil game but this is makeup remover not makeup base. Attempted to use as moisture base for makeup today and it's a disaster. You know the drill. Makeup sitting in pores and easily wiped off accidentally. Gah. Also, it says on the bottle it's Rosehip oil... it's not, the box says ingredients, sweet almond oil, gold, and that's it. Am I putting a rose perfumed almond oil on my face for 10$ ... apparently. 😒
Not the same color as the picture and a lot shorter. I'm disappointed. I really wanted to like it..
It heat up after few minutes of use
First time ordering this product online. It seemed to be packed well until I touched the bottle itself which was wet and slippery. It was leaking due to the top not capped properly I guess because the bottle itself was intact. To the seller; please ensure adequate packaging. Thank you.
It did the job and is worth what I spent. I was surprised it was a little thinner than I imagined and there was far more shedding than I anticipated.
I learned that there's a new product called magnetic eyelashes that need no glue but using magnetic to attach the synthetic eyelashes on the real eyelashes from one of my friends. There are a lot of products on Amazon and I chose the completed eyelashes (in stead of fragmented ones) because I am a newbie of using the magnetic eyelashes. I have to say the quality is really great because I have been practicing putting that on for at least 1.5 hours and it's still looking new. However, practice is really a must to successfully put that on. YouTube free tutorials will be your new| good friends. Update: I keep trying to put that on my eyes on another days when I need to make up but it keeps tearing my eyelashes or failing out of my eyes. The shape of the eyelashes even changes which makes it more difficult to put on. I have been checking many YouTube clips but had bad luck to fix the problem . I think that I will return it.
This stuff smells great but is pretty much a water consistency making it hard to put on a scrub brush or luffa
I am a make up novice it really helps my eye make up application
It's a trimmer with a cool light. It trims and such and easy to hold but I was hoping for the same effects the commercials was giving.
These are ok, you can't clean them, if there is a way I would like to learn. The magnets loose their ability to “stick” to the eyeliner, so maybe 10 wears and they are done, but save the eyeliner, this is gold!
It does take out some stuff at the beginning, but after multiple times if the stuff in your face isn't coming out at that point then forget it. It does make you feel like your face is a little cleaner but I don't think it'll get everything out if you have it really bad.
I wasn't able to use this product because of the poor packaging it came in. Nearly over half the bottle was missing and all over in the inside of the bubble wrap/box it came in. The seller might want to change how the product is packaged in order to refrain from this happening; I read in the reviews that this has happened to multiple people.
Poly nails are a joke this shit don't work
Did not work for my daughter's sensitive (post-Accutane) skin. Made her very itchy and red. Probably fine for others.
On the plus side, the tan isn't orange and darkens quickly. Another bonus is the SPF of 50. On the negative side, one person cannot apply it correctly to themselves. I tried just spraying it (big mistake) and the next day I tried spraying it and then applying it everywhere with my hands. I still ended up with a very uneven tan and much darker blotches all over my legs.
Too bulky and can't see to cut nail, however it is of good quality.
Iam giving this 3 stars because Amazon said it would be at my apartment on sunday by 9pm when I ordered it on Friday it didnt come till monday bc post offices close sundays further more when they brought the package they didnt call like they normally do and they didnt ring the door bell the put it right in the front where it can be stepped on. Iam paying way too much to have Amazon fuck around with ppls orders and dates
Love the initial product itself , I can't give it 5 not even 4 stars because I do not like that I can't track my package . It came early but leaking was missing a bit of product but nothing to be pissed about ..other than that it smells great , bottle is vary pretty but it's a fake flower.
Felt good as if it was working but after using it for a couple weeks, started to break out again. Bought 2 and went through both and felt it just made it worse.
A little bit bigger than I'd like. They're incredibly soft, which is good for sensitive skin. However, the softness makes it somewhat ineffective for removing makeup. I didn't see much coming off on the pad and when I wiped with a disposable cotton pad with a rougher surface, a lot of makeup came off. The surface is very soft, sort of like a stuffed animal or fuzzy blanket. It feels nice on skin but absorbs a lot of toner. This was my first reusable cosmetic pad so they work for now, but I think I will try another brand eventually and use these for something else.
Great to have a nail kits around the house. The nippers are dull and doesn't grab. I thought I was getting items that the store didn't sell.
Not as good as the one with shea butter and avocado in it...must e discontinued..cannot find it anywhere...boo hoo..
The color is pretty but does not stay on the lips very long.
Am giving this as a gift. It is kind of a joke but I know my friend will like having it and enjoy the laughter.
Smooth application but the brunette is more of a red brown which I don't like.
These tissue sheets tear very easily. As a result, you must be careful not to apply too fast or risk tearing it. After this experience, I went back to the plastic version from another vendor.
I liked the smell, but didn't see any benefits of it
Too small, drying, scent isnt great
Doesn't straighten as good as I thought it would
I have very dry, sensitive skin and as much as I wanted this product to work, it just didn't cut it for me. I found that it made my face burn when using if my skin was especially dry. My skin also feels tight after using product. I will finish out the bottle, but would not buy again. May be a good choice for a different skin type though:)
I used it on my eyebrows and chin. It picked up most hair off my eyebrow area. And it wasn't strong enough to pull off any of the hair off my chin area. Overall, the wax was not strong enough for deep hairs but would be fine for eyebrows.
I really like the headband, but unfortunately one of them arrived broken. Several of the stones broke off prior to delivery.
It FEELS like it's doing something b/c the cider has a tingle when applied, but I used this twice a day for a month and saw no change at all in my acne or redness.
This soap really is beautiful in terms of its scent and moisturising properties, but it leaves an oily residue on my skin after using it. I gave it quite a few tries but it was confirmed when I scrubbed using this soap and then fake tanned afterwards. The tan was patchy and so hard to spread and it was due to the residue on my skin. Unfortunately I have requested to return this product to the seller.
They were really cute and I still wear mine just know that the slip knots that all them to be adjustable like to come undone so you have to retie them constantly.
Does irritate after some time, not sure why
Dried out the ends of my long hair badly. No better and actually worse than my drugstore favorites. Not worth the price IMO.
I waited a month+ to write this review so I can judge the performance over that period. And I have nothing special to report. I have been using it everyday as per the instructions and I did not gain any density of hair in the thinned out areas but nor did I lose hair rapidly. The scent is like any other shampoo.
I give this an 3 out of five stars because the overall design and weight of the hand piece is very nice and it's great for traveling but as a Professional Nail tech for 10 years I think this drill is for beginners not doing a lot of acrylics per day. The knob came of second day of use and continues to come off when applying any pressure (minimal) at low speed bit tend to catch in acrylics!! Not good! I found that when you use speeds above 7 it does not do this. Also found that it tends to loose a little power at times don't know if my cord to the hand piece is faulty? I do like that it stays charged for at least two to three days before needing another charge.Would I buy this again no I wouldn't.
So these are beautiful but waaaaaay over the top. I'm not sure if it's just the difference in eye shape between myself & the girls in the other reviews, or if I was sent the wrong style accidentally, but I ordered A11 & they're........INTENSE.
Doesn't plump the lips. It is a better quality lip gloss.
I'm a bit disappointed with the quality of the files. They are just Emery boards... nothing special, and no good for acrylic nails.
I like the way this product works, however, I have elderly (weak) and small hands so it's very difficult for me to open the lid to put more water & essential oils in. If I would have known that before, I would not have ordered this product.
My hair is long, right above my mid back. Not thin, but average, not really thick. Somewhat damaged, when I let it dry naturally it's frizzy. I tried these the first time with freshly washed hair blow dried to about 90% dry. The curls were really big, running my fingers through them ruined the look, and my roots were really frizzy and the sections were very noticeable. Tried it again with hair dried naturally, about 80% dry. Some of the curls looked good for the first few minutes, but others had weird kinks in them, and the desire to run my fingers at least through the roots to blend the sections again ruined the curls. The other night I wanted to skip a wash and keep my smooth, lightly curled hair style. I brushed my hair, and wrapped my perfectly dry hair in these rollers. The next morning, perfect smooth curls. I lightly ran my fingers through the roots only, which went right back to the style from the day before and gently separated the curls. For me these rollers work to skip a shampoo and still be able to wear my hair down the next day. They don't work with wet or freshly washed hair. My hair is damaged and frizzy. I think if you have healthy, long, heavy hair, these rollers would work well.
I liked this but it took too long to get here. I bought it for a halloween costume and it never arrived till mid november so sad
Good for lining but shading a lot of ink falls out during healing process..
I had high hopes for this scrub. Opening it, the small container is only filled halfway. As I tried to apply it to my body in the shower, it crumbled and ended up on the floor. It has a beautiful smell and color. However, after only 2 usages most of the product was gone, with a large percent wasted. It was like rubbing dry beach sand on myself. Since it kept breaking apart, I could not give my body a thorough exfoliation. I am a small person and expected it to last longer. It is a nice quality product, but I would not recommend for usage on the body unless you have a lot of money to spend.
Much cheaper than buying this identical set through my CPAP provider. Instructions for use vary though, and those provided with the unit are different than what my provider recommended.
This is a functional aftermarket Braun copy. You get what you pay for. It feels plastic and cheap vs the original but it does the job!
This soap smells good and I've been using it after a Dr. Bonner's shampoo. I use it about once a week. Despite this, it seems to make my scalp oily and develop flakes for a few days after use. That said, it smells good, but I won't buy it again.
Extremely large. Not so easy to use as I had hoped. Maybe need a little more practice but it is well built.
It's ok kind of thick and the fumes still seem pretty strong to me...
Didn't really have a scent which is good. Is slimy which feels good on skin but doesn't really last enough to moisturize. I have sensitive skin and it was okay for that but didn't help acne at all
This mask did not hurt to pull off but it also did not do much. My skin was softer but it did not clean my pours at all. If your looking for something to help clean off dead skin this might be for you but if you want a deep clean keep looking.
I don't like that oils are unscented. It does help with distinction. They all appear to be the same.
idk why the hype is. if you have very thick hair this probably wouldn't be the brush for you. it's an ok brush. definitely not worth the price. i own better brushes.
Not a huge fan of the coconut smell, but that's just personal preference. It's a nice, gentle cleanser. It's ok.
You get what you pay for! Make sure after you remove the cap that you tighten the roller. Mine have popped off twice and spilled the entire contents.
I love the colors however when I put the nail polish on it lasts for a couple of hours and three chips off even if I put top coat on it.
I'm used to darker and softer eyeliner. So I didn't like it that much.
ok.. for price. not very thick would need several to wear hair down.. works well for ponytail.
This fragrance is beautiful! I already had a sample. Wanted a small bottle to take on vacation. One ounce sells for $85. Thought I was getting a bottle rather than a sample. I think the sample received will last the whole week as the other one did, but still disappointed. Again, the smell is heavenly!!!
I'm not sure if this is much different than a typical strong hold hairspray. I have heavy, curly hair though, so someone with thinner hair might feel it does the trick.
It didn't whiten my teeth at all! The only whitening on got was little speckle white spots on my teeth. It says, in some instances there will be white speckles, it doesn't seem rare if other people are having the same problem.
Breaks really easily. I love the little jars though. I'd love to refill with something more durable
It smells water down, it is okay.
Did not work as well as I would have liked but I will try it again when my hair gets a little longer.
Great customer service
It was okay, I can't use one of the clippers because the piece that causes it to retract keeps popping out. Unfortunately it was one of the main reasons I bought this kit.
i don't like it's smell.
Was exactly what I expected and I love it..I don't love the price and think it is overpriced.
What I have is not wood grain. Holds plenty of water - light feature is nice - it's too bulky and not attractive to me.
This liquid eyeliner has been the only one I have used for at least 15 years. The black color is the blackest of black, the finish is pure matte, and as long as you apply it properly, it goes on smooth and NEVER flakes. It is the ONLY liner that holds up to my oily eyelids (I don't always like to use primer). The felt tip gives the ultimate level of control and precision, whether I want thick or thin lines, and the "inkwell" container always worked well for me. I use this liner everyday and can get a good 4-5 months use from it. It's the best liquid liner at such a great price. Although, I love this liner to death, the bottle and applicator aren't as weighty in the hand now and have a somewhat cheaper feel. Maybe they're trying to decrease the amount of plastic in their packaging so I guess that's OK. Now, about the formula, their liner used to last a whole day PLUS all night of wear up until the next day. Since maybe about 4 or 5 years ago it seems to last all day and only a small part of the night, then it needs a bit of fixing and refreshing. This liner still beats any other liquid liner out there except for maybe its own past formula. I don't know if they really did change it, but it just seems that way to me. All that aside, the ONLY reason I am giving 3 stars and not 5 is because I recently purchased the liner and without even opening it yet, saw a clear brownish liquid leaking from the bottle. I requested a replacement (Amazon said I didn't have to send the original one back) and what I received had the EXACT SAME PROBLEM. I know they didn't just send the same one back to me because I still have the original one I purchased. After receiving that second one, I opened the first one to see if the brown stuff was really coming from the bottle. The bottle contained the black liquid liner so I still don't know what that brown sticky liquid is and where it came from. I really hope this isn't a problem with Almay's liquid eyeliner now, because I don't want to put it anywhere near my eyes after seeing that brown stuff and not knowing what it is.
These were not the quality I was hoping for, but there's several, they get the job done, and they're a great price. You get what you pay for, guess.
Very cute but does not stay in/secure hair by itself. Came in a timely manner and for the price I have no complaints.
It went very quickly and didn't make the crackling sound I expected! My sick split oddly. It's definitely an ok candle but I could have gotten one from TJ Maxx like it for 1/3 the price and been just as happy.
I bought this awhile back at TJ Maxx and it was amazing. Thick and rich, it was a perfect moisturizer. I bought this again on Amazon, and saw the reviews that it has changed. I hoped it hadn't, but this new formula is not nearly as good as the older formula. It's not nearly and creamy, and the smell is more citrus and less floral. I am sad, this moisturizer is not what it used to be. The 2014 version was far superior to this.
We purchased this stuff before. And I couldn't remember why we stopped. So I bought it again, thinking it was just the price that deterred me from it. Well now I remember. It leaves a white residue in hair. Like pretty much as soon as it dries. My son has a darker blonde color, so it's not as obvious.
It's a mediocre sleeping mask. Doesn't really do much except providing that extra hydration.
It was hard to cut to perfect length. Then it shredded.
The texture wasn't as coarse as I like. I like exfoliating my legs and arms while showering.
It might be a good product but I personally can't stomach the taste long enough to figure it out. Its like I just ate my 3 year olds mud pie and I have dirt in my mouth.
It smells like chocolate which definitely isn't appeasing to a pregnant nose when you're constantly using it. I was expecting a totally different smell. Something more citrusy. The lotion is nice and seeps right into the skin. No complaints there!
I did not like the smell..... is one of those that reminds me of my grandmothers cupboard..... old smell. The balm itself is good quality but the smell kills it for me. Will NOT buy. It's an old gramps' smell
Scent doesn't last very long. Applied behind my ear and on my wrists. Scent gone in short time. Won't order again...
The wrap begins smelling after 4-5 washes, as if it didn't dry out completely in between use. The curved end of the wrap is also odd, and doesn't tuck into the button as easily as some previous wraps that I've used.
I received 3 of the same green, 2 of the same white, and two of the same yellow. I didn't get any red which i am very, very, very disappointed by. The one color i needed/ was looking forward to was the reds. Although they gave me the right amount and the quality is very good, i am just really upset that i didn't get red, but received a lot of the same color. ):
A little different than the picture shows but manageable. I have to pull it back because there is to much hair in the front.
Nice effect on my skin but too heavily fragranced for me. Makes my eyes water. Powdery perfumy scent. It fades after an hour or more. Won't repurchase.
It looks good for the price I paid, but misleading photo. It does not look as natural. Immediately can tell its a wig. Hard to keep in place with the hair netting inside but whatever.
A lot doesn't come out your need to go over & over. I pump it on a tissue to get it going.
I buy a lot of hair products. A whole lot. This one was recommended to me by a friend but it left my hair feeling dry like 90% of the styling products I've tried. I haven't paired it with a leave in underneath because my hair needs seriously low manipulation (like praying hands method instead of raking) or my curls frizz. It probably would be fine when paired with other products but I'm still looking for something that leaves my hair as soft as 'carefree curl gold' but doesn't take as long to dry. This product is just one of many I've given away to other natural friends.
Doesn't easily wash out. Leaves residue on scalp. For days.
The colors are super pretty but it doesn't last as long as it should. Even had problems with it peeling.
I love a variety of any kind. Variety cotton pads? SOLD. This is s great idea. These just don't make the grade for me. They have a strange slippery/skimpy feeling, as I've found in other non-cotton pads. Or maybe they don't contain enough cotton to really “work”. Anyway, I don't find these to be absorbent in removing makeup or applying cleanser/toner/product. They are not bad enough to return, but I will not be repurchasing. The case is nice and I will probably reuse it for small cosmetic organizing LOL.
Nothing to write home about
Used before with great results. This time the "fizz" isn't there. Not sure if they changed the ingredients or what. Just a soaking solution now.
I ordered it with apprehension after reading recent reviews about the product being fake. Package wrapping, boxing and bottle seems legit, although serial number in box DOESN'T match serial number in bottle. Both numbers check out on production search for Ralph Lauren, but being different is a warning sign. Fragrance seems to be off compared to one I still have bought at a dept store last year. It comes from Amazon and not a third party seller, and because of it I will give it a try.
I really don't like the smell so I don't enjoy using it.
Does not spread nice
It squeaks and the big jade doesn't stay on the handle.
The product is very effective and last all day on your brows. However I would not order again because it took positively too long to arrive. Was it worth the wait? Not really. I waited almost 3 weeks. I would look for a similar product but here in the US.
Bows are “ok” quality for price. They are definitely not high quality but work great for small gifts for cheer team.
It can get a little to hot especially if you have thin hair.
I prefer their lip oils to this lip mask. I bought it to wear at night, but I didn't end up liking it. I do use it, but only in the day time now.
Thought it was bigger...
These are cute; pretty colors. Inexpensive, but uncomfortable. If you can't wear them for long it's not really good value.
Candle arrived with a dent on top, which doesn't look good in a display use only. I wouldn't have cared if I was going to burn the candle
I appreciate being able to fake a tan but I've tried all the advice in these reviews and I can't manage to get it even. The normal lotion has a much stronger smell but it did go on much less blotchy.
The wig served it's purpose for about two weeks, however, know that regular use causes it to quickly break down. This is NOT a wig to be used daily
I tried 2 of the 6 included in this holiday package. The first set went on great and lasted 2 weeks. The second set felt super thick and pulled off in about 15 minutes. I'm still happy about the purchase. Wish I would have been on the ball and used more.
But now it is weaker, both in bubbles (none) and fragrance. Not sure why they messed with such a good thing but I am sad about it because now I have to find something new.
Not much say but it does job!
So I will be coming back and updating this review if things change but for now I'll give it a neutral review and score of 3. As of now I can say I opened the package last night to test the product for functionality and to ensure it works before I give it to my daughter for XMas. The packaging was nice and smelled great, the box which holds the oils is so pretty (nice job). The diffuser itself was a little difficult to remove the cap but once it came off it was easy to put back on. The mist went all throughout the room for about 1 minute then my daughter decided to turn it off. As I said today is day 1 of having it but so far so good.
I liked that it's effective and really works
Purchased as a gift. The recipient mentioned these are difficult to apply correctly. The magnets clip straight across and do not curve with her eyelids. I think this, along with the amount time involved in getting them on just right, were the main issues.
They are pretty and big. Saw them in box store for lots more. They are big bobble pins not clips.
my daughter appreciated this surprise after moving into her college dorm.
Man...I really want to say good things about this liner. I will start off by saying that once it's dry, it does not smudge easy. It's a pretty dark black matte eyeliner which I also love. The initial application was smooth the first two times I used it. Issues: Definitely not water resistant. I had some allergies the other day and my eyes were watery. The wet eyeliner transferred all over my lid :( hard to fix that on a night out. Also - and this could be a bad batch but my felt tip has been crumbling slightly and the pen is already drying up. I don't get to wear eyeliner often because either I'm working from home or I have to run out the door. I've used this eyeliner about 6 times in the past month and store it the way they stated to - with the felt tip downward. Never left the lid off. It's starting to be difficult to touch up my winged eyeliner since the tip is drying out so much. I might try it again - but for the price point I would expect the felt tip to last longer and not dry out as fast :/ IM SORRY GAGA I LOVE YOU SO MUCH BUT I JUST CANT LIE.
They look like Ardell but they don't stand up like that brand flimsy but for the price great deal
I rated it 3 stars because it kinda works. I've been using it like I'm supposed too, all the heads work well, except the big one. The big one feels like it's pulling hairs out. And the razor didn't come with any oil for the blades.
Make sure to read the fine print. This is NOT to be used on eyes/taking off eye makeup; the whole reason I bought them. They also left a film on my face that felt sticky/slippery at first and dried a little stiff. I ended up having to wash my face twice. Not worth it. Baby wipes do better.
Worked great on the first bottles of shampoo & conditioner, when I switched them to the new bottles 1 of them quit working.
This beauty blender is more stiff than the normal.
I like the full coverage this product offers, but it creases like crazy, even when i set it.
This is compact and handy, and does a decent job drying hair. It gets only three stars because,, after I switched it to the 220 voltage option, and used it outside the US, it worked for about 5 minutes, and abruptly stopped. I have not been able to get it to work since then, at either the 110 or 220 voltage, on any setting.
Love the product, but they sent me the wrong one.
Pros: not a shiny thin party store wig, held up to heat. Cons: wefts are layered in an odd fashion - making it hard to section off areas to cut properly, this same issue makes it difficult to maneuver it to cover your actual hair, the hair on the clips aren't long enough to cover the stretch cord underneath, the wig cap is very tall/long which makes the fit even more awkward. Additional details: the pigtails are not nearly as full as in the image. The color of the hair is far more saturated. The wig hairs are thin and silky, making them stick up often during brushing. I don't recommend purchasing this wig if you plan to style it in any way. It's a wig, it's what I have so I have to make do, but it's altogether a hassle to wear. The odd wig cap means lots of readjusting.
a lot heavier/denser than the original beauty blender, also doesn't clean as well or spread makeup as well.
This was in tandem with other colors but washes out almost immediately. Bleached hair - now its like a chlorine green i would say.
This product is OK. It's bigger than it needs to be and oddly shaped, so takes up a lot of space in my travel bag. I wouldn't but it for anyone else as a gift.
I've had really bad dandruff for awhile now, I've tried several different shampoos one of which used to work wonders for me but not anymore, then I came across head and shoulders clinical strength so I figured I'd try it out, first time I used it, it cleared up most of my scalp, BUT the smell is horrendous it smells like an old person's urine.
I would not recommend this product for black women with curly hair. Gets jammed. Does not give a clean shave. But was good for facial hair, eyebrow touch-ups, etc.
After using for a little while would cause me to itch
This product did not help my heel pain. They felt soft on my feet, but kept falling off, especially when lying down. I would not recommend this product.
I love the product and have used it for a while now however when I bought it on amazon for the first time the bottle I got had spilled everywhere, out of th bottle and in the package.
Okay Brushes, you get what you pay for I just wanted the unicorn brush.
Great brand-- not formulated for my hair type. Certainly worth a try.
Like the size and concept. Execution doesn't come thru. Was going to return it... cant smell it. Roll on or oil would probably be better bang for the buck
Pretty packaging and item. Put it in the freezer before using it. I used both tools on my neck and face. Heavy, good quality, and easy to use. However I noticed the corners of the roller (where the metal is attached to the ends of the jade roller) started to tarnish the very next day. I looked inside and it was black. I tried to clean it our with a qtip but it was gross. I decided to return the item :(
Well made but too small. I need the teeth to be longer.
Size and space in bag is great but the mesh slots to put bottles are very tight/ difficult to het a 15ml bottle into
The color in the container is not the color it comes out on your nails. You need to order some samples so we can see what color it will really be.
Made my wig smell great and clean. But even with the leave in conditioner and specialty comb my hair was frizzy after. Will put higher if it works better on my other wigs
Mirror and lights are great suction cup sucks doesn't work in any surface
I used it four times and it stopped working no steam coming out of it not worth the price to only be able to use it four times.
Don't feel like the wig is bad I just hate the the fact that it's so thin. Nice hair but too thin.
To get my free 2nd bottle they want me to write a review, HMM... Well the first bottle was not enough product to know. so I'm giving it another try
Still very hot, will definitely burn you if you hold for more than 5 seconds
The light was not bright
I like this one. but they send me the wrong one.. but I got my money back. so I was OK. Thank you amazon.
The Weleda products are made in Germany. When I bought this product in Germany, the lip balm was very rigid, more rigid than most lip balms out there. Whatever I received is very, very soft and comes off completely when I try to apply to to my lips directly. Instead, I have to put a bit on my fingers and then rub it onto my lips if I want to apply the product.. Has anybody else had this experience? I would not buy from this seller again if that's the case and rather spend the extra shipping fee to import it from Germany.
Didn't smell as good as the original bottle I got from Pure Romance. Maybe this one was old?
These are cute nail accessories but would have been nicer to have some instructions for use or at least tips.
Great for the price, likely won't last long but seems great for the price and a couple times of use. I ordered for an event and worked perfectly!
It is very dry. Leaves my tan skin with a white look.
These do a fairly good job of cleaning however they are a little large to get in the corners of the lenses. Kinda just pushes everything into the corners and then I end up uses a lens wipe anyway.
So far so good. I need a little more time to see how it actually works
This started showing an error message shortly after using it . I haven't had time to return it
It works to get dead skin off maybe, but it will not pick anything substantial out of your pores, like expected. Though it does make your face feel smooth.
Does not hold essential oils
The product is fine, but you can beat the price at Walmart.
Different color nail polishes I used to buy before were much better. Probably this innovative color was kept somewhere too long
Does what its says it does but im not sure if its good for the body
It works okay, but a bit painful and not as effected as I hoped
Very strong smell and watery. I've had poor retention with this glue.
Took for ever to do its job, better off letting my hair air dry and using straighter... I think it only works for girls with curly hair. I have fine wavy/straight hair.
the 3 extra Coarse did not work hardly at all. I was very disappointed
I was buying this hair comb for my wedding, but had to return it because the crystals in the comb were not the color pictured. They had a very yellow tone which doesn't work when you're trying to wear it with a white dress. The overall quality of the comb was a bit lower than I expected for the price.
Worked great at first. Then suddenly quit working. It's past the return date policy. Imaging that. It would have been returned before the deadline but it was working up to that point. Not sure if a bad unit or not, Beware and watch your return date.
Coverage fades and I had to reapply to freshen up eyeliner on bottom of my eye.
Package was opened and delivered with bashed in packaging.
Is it supposed to look like that? Looks like mold
The fibers make a mess....but can use on lomg hair...not good for short hair
Arrived with dead batteries like many others mentioned. Not very bright.
Works well but expensive for amount
I love how it goes through my hair and how it makes my hair look. However, the handle length and shape is horrible. I think they picked form over function on this one. It's impossible to hold, and I'm not arthritic or weak-handed. Wouldn't buy it again and may look for something similar in function, but with a more user friendly handle.
The stamp was fairly easy to use, but the product doesn't transfer well from the stamp to the actual eyebrow! Better off with a pencil!
Was a great blow dryer until one day it started going out and smelling as if it was about to catch fire.
I have used it for 2 weeks I do not see a difference at all with the puffiness under my eyes
Came to my front door. On time and really works.
The gel was nice and it was a very nice bright color!
I'm ok with my conditioner bar. It smells great but it doesnt quite "slick" my hair like my other conditioner does. Still giving it more tries, will update later
I havent tried the product just yet but when I do than I will give my feedback on it
It seems a known issue that some bottles are defective. The pump doesn't work so you have to smack it hard just to get a tiny squirt. It's absolutely infuriating. I started on this new bottle (from the old type of bottles) after my return window expired so I'm stuck with this frustration. Most days I don't even use it because it's not worth the hassle.
The items seems very nice. The only issue I had was the wrapping was torn off already so I had to rewrap it myself
It's better than anything I've used like this before but...it makes me sore? under my belly. I itch like crazy at night under my belly and this does help with that. I've found after a shower (everyday) I blow dry all over and use this where I need it usually every 2-3 days. Even after a shower the next day I find it still is helping so it must be strong stuff.
This nail polish has no pigmentation whatsoever - if you want color be prepared to apply numerous coats. I wanted just the natural nude look, not clear!
It was okay but not light enough.
They work ok but not as good as expected. When putting concealer on it doesn't spread it well and using the small sponge works better
I would say this wig is pretty good for a starter. I purchased it a little over a year ago and I'm just now reviewing it lol but when I first got it, it shed a little. It was a little thin but not to where you could see the cap. it tangles easily but it's still going strong after a year of consistent use. The color is true to the photo though I'd say it's a seafoam green. Its worth the purchase if you want a real quick wig.
Got the job done. Took a long time to dry. I think glue would have worked just as well. Bonus though; There's a lot of product! Plus its pretty easy to get off.
You have to be careful with it and build it up a little at a time. But it covers like it is supposed to.
For the price, it's not bad but for a few bucks more, you can spring for Lash Paradise which works so much better and is a great drugstore mascara. I'm not crazy about the super wide brush. I feel like that makes it challenging to put mascara on without getting it all over your eyelid. The formula is somehow thin and clumpy at the same time which I didn't even know was a thing. I have short straight lashes and even when I use an eyelash curler, I don't really notice any improvement in the curl or length when this mascara's applied. It's fine in a pinch but I definitely wouldn't repurchase in the future.
This mascara seems very overrated. It went on very thick and clumpy and smudged under my eyes after a couple of hours. I was able to clean up the clumps after applying and my lashes looked significantly longer. It's not the worst mascara I've used but far from the best. I probably won't buy it again.
I do not love this. I have been trying to find a suitable replacement for a Garnier bb cream that's been discounted (which I loved!), so I decided to splurge on this. For the price, I expected something better. It's very sheer, which is fine, and it does build a little bit, but it seemed to get more orange as the day went on. When I first put it on my skin, it seemed like the perfect match. I dont want heavy foundation, so initially I was impressed by the consistancy of the product. Overall, it might be nice to smear on my skin if I'm running late in the morning, but I will not repurchase this product.
I bought this for my husband after reading reviews on several of the models offered. He was very disappointed in the way it shaved. Even after going over his beard 3 or 4 times (admittedly, he does have a tough beard), he still had stubble.
I bought them, figuring it would be the EXACT picture. No. They aren't. They came in all black and they are just really tiny. Plan on trying to get a refund.
Too thick to wear on your wrist its just ok
This wig was not what I ordered. If I order a 12 in wig, I'm expecting for the hair to be 12 in all the way around. The back of the wig was 12 in but the front was 8-10 inches. Like they cut bangs or something. I'm right upset but because I had plans I had to make the wig work or i would of sent it back.
Did not receive product as described. 1% and not 2% salicylic acid. Will still use but very disappointed.
It didn't cover the dark circles underneath my eyes like it claims
Made my daughter break out into a rash in every scent.
I don't think this got very hot and felt very heavy.
I can hardly tell where I've already placed the primer. Me, knowing that my face is very oily, this primer felt like I was adding more oil to my face.
Product is very nice. But it arrived with about a third of the product missing. Beware of the seller "Amazing Lifestyle Living". I'm so sick of receiving counterfeit or used items .
My young daughter likes it. The bangs are a little weird though and had to be cut back a lot.
Although this smells fantastic...it leaves a tacky residue! Yuck!
From the description, I thought this would stay on by tightening the drawstring. The description did not mention elastic. I would not have ordered one with elastic because the ones I have tried have been too uncomfortable. I have slept with it on for two nights, but it is not comfortable enough to continue. I just cut the elastic, and will try sleeping with it again.
This product contains benzyl alcohol.
This product is more like a scrub than a body wash to me. Not really what I was expecting. It takes quite a bit of product to get sudsing, which means it probably will not last long if you use it as recommended. I will say, my skin feels really clean after using. The smell is a lil chemical like and weird, but doesn't bother me. Not sure if I will purchase again? I want something that will last a little longer for the money, so I can use it more without being worried. I saw a reviewer used on their face and got a nice peeling affect. So I may try on my face, I wasn't sure if you could? Since it wasn't mentioned.
I liked that this was supposedly made with aloe but the consistency of the wax is similar to plastic. When you get it to the right temperature to safely use on your skin the wax gets hard quick like plastic. When you try to get it the right consistency it's too hot. The formula seems off and it does not grab all the hairs. You'll be left patchy.
It works alright, but man does it smell. It's horrible when you use it and horrible hours later. Maybe as a last resort camping or something, but definitely not a woke up late, let me use this deal.
Yellow color, which was the reason I bought this set, was broken. Brush is lost in the polish.
It has a faint smell of nail polish remover.
I hate the feel it leaves on my face. I dont wear makeup 24/7. I am a full time mother to twins so i like to pamper my face and leave it as is.. after putting this on, it leaves my face so tacky.. and the rose smell is quite strong for 10 mins or so. I get headaches from certain scents and this is one of those.. after a while though, the scent goes away and so does my headache. Ill continue to use it to see the benefits.. but so far, i dont like touching my face.
it may be a good product, no use for it, not the color as described when I ordered it.
Did not like the style of the three rotary heads, it was hard to shave. It did not provide a close shave like my Remington.
It is OK. But it does on thick and white which doesn't look good on clothes nor on your skin
Love the product when it comes to lash growth, but it didnt help my daughters eczema. I did not see any difference on my child skin.
I like the coverage. I used the applicator at first but have changed to makeup brush for better application. It tends to be drier finish than I like and settles in wrinkle lines after an hour. So you leave home looking ok and then find in the mirror at work that all has settled into you wrinkles.
Purchased this hoping it could sooth some frizziness and fly-aways. That it did, but the spray makes it so you don't have many options in terms of only apply a wee bit, so my hair ended up too greasy. Not the best match for me, but could be great for others whose hair doesn't get greasy quickly from too much oil. Packaging and shipping were great.
My husband bought it and used it At first, look like if it was working somewhat on him, he bought it a few times and now it just looks the same?. So he really doesn't use the product now he switched to something different.
For the price - they're just ok
These drying towels are simple to use, the material looks like coral fleece that we sometimes use in socks. It felts soft and absorbed water fast. Comes with 4 packs of towels, I share with a box my family, and with different 4 colors, they are easy to recognize between different people, so no one would pick up wrong towels. Con: Color are not very resistant to dirt, except the grey one. And family has conflict in choosing color.
I was hoping for something a little bigger that would fit on my 4 yr old granddaughter, but these are just too small. Can use on doll's head for a fun tea party.
AS for the material and zipper of the bag great, but I feel that it need more pocket inside or divisions , Its just to empty from the inside, you have to take everything out in order to look for something in particular.
I like the retinol cream, but I thought I'd give this a try. It dries out my skin a little, so I'll be getting the retinol from now on.
If you want to have to keep your hair up weekly go for it,the hair naps after a week
ok but it doesn't take everything off like I wanted to
it's nice like it 👍👍
Super upset. I bought this product because I needed it yesterday and when it arrived I realized the had the security tape cut already. That is, it was open!!! And not only with it, another product I bought at the same time here, also from Maybeline, was also open. How will I be sure no one has used it?
I like lighter scents like vanilla and coconut. I gave these away.
It's okay. Nothing special. No great scent or anything. It's just soap.
Great product. But both bottles leaked everywhere!
The wig was not very full (thick) but I guess that made for a more natural look? The hair quality is okay - not the best but not the worst I've seen either. Personally, I'd rather buy 3 bundles and a closure and make my own wig that has more hair in it than to buy this again, but to each his own.
I was super excited about this for all the space it had but the zipper is awful. I've only had it for a couple weeks and one zipper is already broken.
Would be ok if my skin wasn't so sensitive
Not crazy about the scent
This product has done everything it's promised to do for me since I started using it, plus it smells great. The only problem is that even though the area under my eyes looks brighter I have also been waking up with bags under my eyes every morning since using this. I did not have bags before using this product. It also makes my eyes itchy, and rubbing around your eyes is not good for the delicate skin around that area, so even if the product is good for my skin I feel like it's rendered pointless if I'm just going to rub the area and damage the skin more from using it anyways. I'll probably use the product on the rest of my face to brighten the skin, but as for my eye area I think I'll try to find something else.
love the hair but it didnt last I had to stay wetting it
I didn't notice any improvement using this product. Especially for the price, I really had high hopes.
This shade just wasn't quite what I was expecting in person. I ended up returning it. Great product though!
This burns my husband face! I bought this for him because its for sensitive skin but this burns so much!!!
Love this product, but the most recent order my conditioner is very gritty. I am hoping the seller will exchange it for me. I have not had this problem in the past. Very disappointed.
Its not bad, I'm not a fan of how it feels on my face. It tends to be a bit sticky and it doesnt have a nice fragrance. I like how it matches my tone.
Its build well but I didn't like it as a carry method.
I did not like that the viscosity of product. Oil layer on top of product at room temperature. Normally product texture is very soft but never seen a separated oil layer. Too expensive for this. Leaked out in my toiletry bag.
It does a great job and feels great on your skin but it has a weird scent.
At first I started using this every evening. I found that it was too strong for my face even when combined with their vitamin C serum and retinol cream. Then I decided to lessen my usage to once a week. It seems to be less harsh for my face doing so. It does clean well and my skin feels great after. I guess it could be a plus that I only use it once a week, that way the bottle will last a lot longer. Also, the little beads don't dissolve so if you don't rinse your face thoroughly, the beads can get caught in your eyelashes and go into your eyes.
The scent is nice, but very hard to put on. It seems dry and cakey when I did scrape some on. I have since chosen Tom's of Maine for my natural deodorant.
the ingredients work but the tinted version is pink when applied.
If you have thinner hair, the comb for this straightner will be too loose...not sure if i have yet figured out how to use it effectively.
Wife wanted it so I got my wife's niece in DR swears by this product. It's just coconut oil, Shea butter and aloe Vera in one I'm sure it's still cheaper than if you got all three things separately, so worth the 17 bucks
The magnification is good, but the light isnt bright enough for me. I was looking for something that is bright enough so that I can see any foundation lines i might leave on my face (not blending well) since i dont have enough natural light in my bathroom, this doesnt do the job for me. Otherwise its easy to use and put together.
The eyelashes don't stay! You have to use so much eyeliner. Got another brand and stay all day long.
. This shaving soap lasts a long, long time, provides a moisturizing, clean shave and has little to no scent. This shaving soap doesn't lather in the bowl but on the face, thus lasting longer. Not bad. Not great either.
It is a convent way to put on makeup, but the color is way to light. The shimmer didn't really shine an$ was too light also. The A.LF that I bought from you was darker and went on smoother.I still use it when I'm in a hurry.
Like the soap but crumbles very easily
It didn't work for me.
Decent flavor, but the whitening power just doesn't seem to be there. It seems like it after first removal, but the effect isn't lasting unfortunately.
It is ok, but the color is very dark, almost black looking. I am not loving the texture either. Sorry!
I just received this and I bought it based on the 76% of the reviewers that rated it 4 or better. The smell is not as bad as I was prepared for based on some reviews. It came packaged in bubble wrap and in a corrugated cardboard box within an Amazon cushioned bag. So, it was in fine shape. As to its efficacy, I'll use it religiously and hope for the best. I rated it a three overall since I don't know just yet if it will work.
I specifically look for the horizontal design because I find it easier to floss with. The only problem I found with these picks is that the floss sort of stretches a bit and gets really loose. I will also note that the floss is more tape-like not rope-like so that might make it uncomfortable for some. You can visible see chunks of the 'minty flavor' on the floss but that doesn't bother me too much. Overall, it works but it's meh.
Purchase this item because its price. When I receive this, its outside package is very dirty, with dark ink on it. It really no good emotion for its expiration date.
I had no use for some of the bottles but overall good product
Nice hold. It gives a nice glossy look. However it cannot be combed or brushed out. You definitely have to wash it out. It leaves your hair hard as rocks. For the price I would not repurchase.
I like the size of the brush and material so I kept it even though I wish it was a little stiffer for a back scrubbing. I thought my husband could use it also but he felt it was too soft.
Not as i expected, smell is fresh but not like other Victorinox
I really want to love this flat iron. But it pulls my hair and the grips are uncomfortable on my finger tips.
Very beautiful but poorly made fell apart before I even took it out of the package and beads kept falling off
Still pinches, doesn't curl very well as the springs are very tight
It leaves my hair dry and must use the conditioner with the shampoo.
I've had this product for five days and have used it three times. Pros: It does dye your brows. Cons: I've been leaving the gel on overnight, it's easy to put on and easy to get off. But if you shower in the morning- forget it. Instantly MUCH lighter color. By day two it's hardly noticeable. This may be because I shower twice a day (before work and after gym). Also, I bought the brown gray one... when it fades my eyebrows are turning red? It's odd. Brows are a natural ash blonde. So i'm not sure what's up with the ginger hue. Overall... not a life changing product I'll swear by. But it's okay.
I really like this product it smells fresh, makes my skin feel tight, and sinks into my skin fast. The pump is an absolute joke though, I take it off and bang it against my hand to get the product out. If this problem were solved I'm sure more people would be buying the product.
First of let me start of by saying the delivery was very fast with amazon prime and also the hair was very soft the only thing I didn't like was that the hair was not very full to my liking so I would say if you like full hair like me this wig is not for you at all I order a 14 inch and it was to thin I love wearing my hair in a middle part I could not achieve the look I no I was going for and get all the time so if your like me ladies if you want full this is not going to work and if you want a middle part that's not bulky this is not for you period just my opinion but overall the hair is amazing soft
I will give a 4 star. I am not to happy, they said they solve the problem of the nosel from falling off. Well, it still does, it is horrible, people can't do anything if this happens. Also it's is not as hot, probably because I had a pretty hot one before this one. I just buy a different one. I can't recommend this. Sorry, this is my very honest review.
Great product. Very poor shipping.
I can't get the snaps to work so it is hard to travel with.
Smaller than pictured! Amazon can do better.
I found out this uses more foundation than what I used to use. The sponge absorbs the cream foundation which I normally just used my fingers to blend. Maybe this will work with cake foundation.
This shampoo is organic, and in this it's great. But because it's organic it comes with some disadvantages. It doesn't clean an thoroughly and as easily as ordinary shampoos do. Moreover, it needs quite a bigger dose for a shower as compared to an ordinary shampoo. When I use gel in my hair, this shampoo this shampoo has a hard time to thoroughly clean the gel from my hair. That said, yes, I would buy this product again. As an organic product, it's excellent. But it comes with some disadvantages because it contains no chemicals.
Wish it has more power just not as strong as I thought it would be.
My daughters hair got stuck every single time she tried wearing this.
wonderful gift - no instructions included - took a while to figure out.
Coverage was good and had great staying power but it seemed to change to an orange tint by mid morning. This may not be the products fault it may just react with my oils differently.
When the package arrived, I was disappointed because some of the oils were leaking in the package. The inside of the package was all oily and several items had to wiped down. If I have received this as a gift, I would not be impressed with the company.
Gift, she never used it.
Coverage was fair but came off easily once applied. Also, has a kind of Minty type smell to it that I didn't care for
These work well. I used to get these for free with a bottle of soap so the price is kinda stupid but I like how they work. It shouldn't be this expensive
Smells like peppermint to me---not a bad odor at all, but not what I expected. It doesn't work as a conditioner though, at least not on my hair.
Smaller than expected.
Didnt like the smell. Put it on after shower.
I've been buying these wipes ever since getting my dentures 2 years ago. I recently had run out and realized they have the same brand at Wal-Mart so I bought them there. When I opened them, they were thinner than the ones I usually bought from Amazon and they had a chemical smell to them. I figured it was just different because of the different places I had gotten them. I received another box (6 boxes) from Amazon yesterday and these are just like the ones from Wal-Mart. Thinner and an awful chemical smell. The thinness I could deal with because they still work pretty good, but the smell is awful for something you actually put in your mouth! Don't know what to do now because these are all that I've used to get the remaining adhesive out of my mouth. Disappointed for sure.
The waver does a good job of creating beach waves but it does leave a crease in your hair where the iron clasps. The heat on the iron is good but there's no way to avoid having that crease line if you want defined waves. As for the "wand" part of the iron. I have no idea what kind of beach waves the description is talking about. I have long hair and the wand literally didn't nothing but leave a weird crease line where the two parts come together. It doesn't curl your hair at all.
This was kinda uncomfortable on my eyes. It got too warm and made me wonder why I thought this would ever be a good idea. I did end up using it on my forehead and that was kinda relaxing.
It leaves a white residue on my lashes if you get too close
The item was lost in the shipping. After 3 or 4 wks I contacted amazon and they gave me a refund. I had to order it from wal mart. Had it in three days. This is the first time this has happen with amazon. They made it right. Bob Williams
This is okay for filling in sparse areas after a pencil but the blonde side almost has a green hue after applying on top of pencil. The wax is nice if you want to use with the powder for a more subtle look
This is the most oily make up remover that I have ever had. It is so oily that my face feels heavy when I use it. I do not recommend it if you have an oily face.
This is my favorite scent but I cant give you more than 3 stars because I ordered 2 and when I opened the pkg there was heavy perfume scent. Turns out one was leaking and only half full. It's not eligible for return so I wont make this mistake again! Regular bottle, no problem. I think it's just the rollers.
Cheap and hard to manage!!! Literally good for one wear. I wore them to a festival in braids and they did the trick but I would not recommend.
I absolutely LOVE the smell and ingredient list. Also, it does not irritate my sensitive skin which is definitely a huge plus! Unfortunately, it does not completely take of my makeup and I typically only wear a tinted moisturizer and touch of powder. I am keeping these for back-up but I do not recommend these if your goal is to get everything completely off (especially if you wear more makeup).
Pretty but not what i was looking for
I bought this product based on the description that it would really stick your polish to your nails. It's just okay. I like to put on a fresh coat of polish and top coat every few days. Sometimes all the coats of polish come off like a press on nail. Thought this would stop that, doesn't.
I believe the magnet needs to be stronger for the full effect.
I've used this product for years, but can no longer find it in stores. I purchased this, and it took a long time to be delivered. When it was, the jar lid had come open and due to the heat, the moisturizer had turned to a liquid, and had dumped all over the box, soaking it and creating a terrible mess. I contacted customer support and we resolved the issue to my full satisfaction.
The light needs to be better, but the polish is great
I bought these to help my hair stay up while straightening it. My hair is very curly and pretty thick. I'd say these are useable BUT not the greatest for my hair. So I wouldn't recommend for hair types like mine but they are good clips!
I ordered compact head, soft bristles... these are full heads and they are far from soft. I'm not happy
The product itself works as described if ordered it multiple times in single items and had no issues. I purchased this set and opened the box only to find a sealed bag with all three items inside and everything inside the bag is covered in a liquid and upon inspecting the item I can see the 9 oz body wash lid is open and has been leaking all over everything and taking the ink of some items. Don't know if it was like this from the original factory or from the amazon warehouse either way the 9 oz bottle could use a protective shrink wrap or plastic. I only received the product today but I went to click on return item and it says not eligible for return so I'll be contacting amazon.
Yes I used this product and I like
The soap is okay so for, its decent, but the size of the product is a joke, its more of a sample than a real usable size
Too heavy a product for me.
I bought these for the occasional breakout not on my face. This product didn't seem to make it worse, but also didn't seem to make it better. Probably won't buy these again.
Good product. Keeps hair soft. However my hair still gets frizzy. Especially the little ones in front and back.
They dont last two days like it saids and if you don't wear socks in bed the bandage falls off. And not waterproof.
Doesn't smell like a "juicy grapefruit", it smells like a dry old lady. More floral than grapefruit. Works well enough, but the scent was a big letdown.
The bronze in it works well. I like that the lotion isn't watery. But I do not like the smell. I like beachy, coconut scents so I wont be purchasing again, but if you like perfumy scents then you will like it.
Not bad but not great
This crown is bright, beautiful with weight on it that made me know it's not going anywhere merely placed on my head. However the weight was too heavy for my sensitive headache-prone headache and it had to go back for something way lighter. But if you want to make a statement and can handle weight on your head, this is the one for you.
This product will DEFF whiten your teeth but if I get the smallest bit on my gums it whitens them too for like a day. Which looks weird... Also makes my teeth very sensitive. Bottom line I think 44% is too much, for me atleast. I'm going to try the 22% now and see how that goes.
I could give or take this product. The serum is quite watery like others have commented. The lotion is nice and thick. However all three items do feel good and help hydrate my skin. I can't say it is really a miracle product but does clean and moisturize nicely.
Very thin consistency. Not what I expected but my skin felt clean.
Cheap toiletry bag. Organizes everything ok, not sure it will last long.
The scent only lasts a few minutes. I like the texture. Disappointed with the scent.
You can see the results after aprox 4 weeks, but don't try to put make up after because the product accumulates, also the container exit hole it's too big and when you squeeze to take it out too much is wasted.
If you are a natural redhead, this will be too dark for you. It is really more of a slightly red brown. It is not good for Strawberry Blondes or true Gingers. I would only recommend it for people that color their hair with a dark auburn. The crayon is very difficult to use. Don't open too far or it just breaks over and over again. It does not spread color well, very waxy, not creamy. I won't buy again.
Bought this for my mom because she always used it when we were kids. We thought it would be a fun gift for her and bring back memories. My mom really likes it but my sisters say the scent isn't quite the same. However, we will still continue to buy it for her because she likes it and that is what's important.
seems to work but it arrived looking like it went through a war
Quality is ok, it came apart but I could easily put it back together
Nothing special. I didn't get anything noticeable from it. Used half the bottle and bought something better
This wig is really ok but not for me.
Colors were pretty but a couple if them wouldn't even stick to the base coat. The jars are really small. I wouldn't buy this again.
The seal On the bottle was removed and some product was taken out when it arrived here. Obviously someone took some of the shampoo out of the bottle before shipping it
This product worked ok initially and has a powerful motor.Lots of cheap plastic where the attachments connect to the base unit. Some attachments were better than others.Unit totally stopped working after 5 months. Battery no longer charges.. Update. Kedsum customer service reached out and made things right. Upgrading my rating based on excellent customer service.
trimmer blade not sharp enough, even after making adjustments. Clipper only has three guards which makes fades more difficult when cutting your own hair.
Not as easy as it looks have to do it when hair is damp
I'm really disappointed by this product and probably will return soon. These gaming headphones looked like they would ne nice quality from their appearance, but the sound quality is pretty terrible. The maximum sound is extremely low so don't expect these to be very loud. Also the cord has 3 different cord jacks so the two you don't use just dangle which is pretty annoying. Also the headset itself isn't very big, it fit over my head okay, but my boyfriend couldn't even fit it comfortably. Maybe these are meant for a child and I missed that somewhere, either way I'm unhappy.
Great scent and cleans well, but the soap is thin and takes more to clean.
Comfortable temperature - not too hot. Softness is great.
I was excited after reading the reviews, but after trying this product, I wish I would have spent the extra money to get Dr. Bronner's. The fragrance of this soap isn't as potent, and the smell itself is not as enjoyable to me. It has a slightly thicker consistency, which makes it easier to work with, but it isn't as concentrated as Dr. Bronner's, so it takes more to get the job done. Not a bad soap, but I prefer the other.
Didn't do anything for me. It's blue and sticky and you need to wash your hands very well after applying it— I probably should have used a cotton ball but I didn't have one. Either way I will not be using this product again.
Once refrigerated the cool felt good however I didn't notice a difference in my eye bags.
good for color, love the smell, but leaves me somewhat frizzy. Not to mention it arrived with a loose cap and Prime wanted me to ship it back (not worth the hassle)
It's too soft. But has a good handle.
The facial wipes were dry and the perfume wouldn't spray.
Honestly, I wanted to love this stuff, I really did. And while I noticed a slight difference, it wasn't at all extraordinary. That said, I will continue to use it. But the major drawback is the AWFUL, DREADFUL taste. Oh my goodness, it's almost unbearable. It's tastes like band-aids. It's absolutely gross. Would I recommend it? Honestly, I don't think I would, not to anyone I loved anyway. Such a bummer because I really had high hopes.
Check your gas plug before you buy and make sure it will fit. I did not and it does not fit mine.
I found it very hard to apply and keep on. I contacted the store and they were very understanding and easy to work with.
It's got a great name, and if you've got money to blow, this mascara is for you. I find L'oreal Lash Paradise to be just as good for a fraction of the cost. IMHO.
Its a decent brush for the price. However some of the bristles already broke off
Really like this shampoo and I ordered two bottles of it. When they arrived, both bottles had loose lids so there was shampoo all over.
Not exactly like the pic but color is beautiful and hair can be styled in a variety of ways
The product works, but I have to dig it out of the little jar. The balm is a very firm balm. As opposed to using my fingertip, I actually have to use the knuckle of my finger (or a tool like a butter knife which I then have to clean. A q-tip breaks.) It also takes a bit to get it to distribute onto your skin. It does help, with itchiness, discomfort, dryness, etc, but using it is a big hassle.
The designs are cute but not all of them work. They don't transfer properly. I wouldn't buy this again
The plastic wears off after a couple of uses. Like it actually peels off the hair tie
Product was too old! Didn't smell the same.
I thought it would be bigger. Didn't realize u had to put hot water behind the mirror so it won't fog
Bottle was half empty when it arrived...trying it anyway on my 5 year old daughter.
Have Qtip brand made the tip less cottony? These definitely feel harder and scratcher than in the last?
The container is flimsy, and the spray nozzle keeps coming off.
I have used various flavors of SweetLeaf liquid stevia and have found most of them pretty great! Unfortunately, this was an exception. It has a very strange chemical taste and in my opinion, does NOT taste like Pumpkin Spice - and I have a pretty good imagination - too bad. It would have been nice to have this alternative to the heavy sugared version we are all familiar with. Maybe SweetLeaf can keep trying... this is not it!
This product does help with dry skin. However, I didn't care for the scent or the consistency. I'm sure it works well for others, just not with my personal taste.
I love the color but the applicator needs to be thinner it's hard for it not to be caked on
I bought this to wear in a blondes vs brunettes flag football game (i'm a brunette playing for team blonde). The wig is kind of small so it takes a while to place without any outside hair showing. I had to wear a headband to keep it in place and hide the hairline.
I have previously had an exfoliating glove and will most likely return to that as this item does not work as well and water gets trapped inside the clear plastic shell. It doesn't seem to remove the dead, dry skin as well as the gloves do.
Its a nice cream, but didnt realy help the neck as i excepted. Good smell
I bought the light brown, but it's definitely has a very strong red tone. Not a good match for me, and I even have strawberry blond hair. It should have a different color name.
The colours are not nearly as dark as expected - they're more like neons for some of them. One of them is just straight orange. Cute bottles, but the colours aren't that great.
Ugh this was soooo perfect when I started using it. Lovely smell and it did the job after I transitioned out from unnatural deodorants with aluminum. I've noticed my armpits are lighter in shade as well. However recently I noticed not as much product has come out from the roller ball. Upon taking out the roller ball, I saw that the product had dried up. I still use it as I love the scent and the job it does, but it now has a grainy, thicker consistency, closer to hardened coconut oil. :( I have to now use my hands to apply it and it's messy! Wish this didn't happen.
Nice color but too difficult to use and too much goes to waste. Returned.
They served their purpose but I purchased these in error. I wanted the glass bottles.
They work ok but nothing to get to excited about!
To seller; Excited to use this product as it was recommended by my stylist. I was disappointed to see that both the shampoo and conditioner had leaked when I opened the box. Amazon didn't give me the option to contact you privately to see how to handle this. Thanks.
Case is compact and the wheels are great. The shelves are strong and it holds a lot. But the nail polish inserts are laughable. They are way to small even for a opi sampler. I guess its ok but I should have bought something bigger pay attention to the dimensions when you get this.
This is good product. A bit loud and could use an adjustment for a closer shave.
The glue was dried up, being that it was a very important product needed, it made it difficult to use, I had to compromise with eyelash glue from false lashes.
Haven't tried yet but it arrive about 10 minutes ago and when I opened the package I discovered that the cap was loose and the oil leaked out all over the bottle and the bubble wrap it was wrapped in. Does not have a sprayer pump like the picture so I am going to have to go buy one.
The hair feels great and is nice and straight but I'm giving it 3 stars because it sheds like a damn dog losing its hair. I put 3 bundles in and I haven't had it in a full month and it looks as if I put half of 1 bundle in. I did not cut the tracks so I'm really upset about it because it seemed really good!! Every time I run my wig brush through it it sheds a lot!!
I have been reading up on low porosity products and this is okay, by itself. I have to still use coconut oil to add softness and to prevent frizz.
This product is not a miracle cure for hair loss but it does help, at least so far I am not losing as much hair as I was before when I washed my hair. Give it another couple months then I will know for sure if I want to continue using it. If it keeps improving in the amount of hair loss, then I will rate it higher.
Did not work for me.
I've been using the apple stem cell liquid for about a month, every day, and have not noticed any change in my skin.
The packaging squishes the lashes a little. Haven't tried them on, yet.
Bag was too large for my need. Have to fold bag when put in suitcase.
I have a size 13 foot and there's is not enough room to massage your foot but maybe and inch so the rollers don't serve there purpose but overall it's doing a great job other wise
Have not seen any improvements uber my eyes.
It has a rough shaving head and the shaving head hinge is a small piece of wire. When the head is flipped open it flies off, but is easy to put back on.
I know some people like their straighteners light, but for me this one is too light. I prefer a straightener that feels more substantial and less like a toy.
The plastic guard was broken when I received it.
These were fine. They did an ok job but were not fantastic and left hair behind.
For the price, it is Okay. Be wary of the fact that you can't compare the quality with the Samsungs and the SanDisk. The reading and writing is above average. I have bee using it for more than A month now and I have no complaints whatsoever.
The product works good. But I found it left a strange after taste in my mouth. It may not bother anyone else. It just wasn't for me. It could be that I was just used to the minty flavor of the Listerine I had been using.
Average compared to other gel products. You have to find the right amount of application to keep hair from turning out flaky and chalky looking. Thought would hold curls longer but not necessarily so.
I love this cream but I think over price
Expected a little more
Product is ok! Not much of a difference. As far as their service its great. My first product came damaged and they sent me another one free of charge.
The product was as expected and gave the dark brown - blacklist color. Satisfied with the product.
The issue I have with these is I ordered one set and the green one came with a crack on it. I called Amazon as I needed these within two days and they refunded me, let me keep the others and I ordered another set. Again, the green one came with a crack in the glass. You can't feel it from the outside so I think it's on the inside but do I want to risk gifting someone a roll-on that could have glass sheds in it? They roll OK, and they're pretty....so giving 3 stars for that, but I'm not going to order again because there's a pretty good chance I will get another cracked green roller. I don't get it..
Not quite what we expected. Bristles are too hard. And it does not fit quite right on the shaft of the toothbrush. We decided to keep them, but next time we'll try something else.
This bag looks like you can fit more in. Upon arrival I realized I had purchased a cute clutch/ organizer.
After 3-5 uses it started to make loud grinding sound. It still worked but would feel like blades were sticking from time to time
I love the perfume Tommy Girl and have ordered this perfume at least five times from this seller. This bottle I received is defective, the pump spray is not working properly and the perfume does not spray properly.
Excited to get the package, but the primer had leaked over everything and is almost gone now! Thankfully was able to clean it up, but don't have the time to return before my event.
I give three stars because I tried a pair on with my makeup look and they felt heavy. Also I used my duo eyelash glue it didn't say on. They look good but wish they was more natural.
Its cheap but you get what you pay for. Very loud. Not very effective for stray hairs on the neck, requires many passes which irritates the skin.
It's a lot redder than my other brand. Gave it to a friend.
Edit because a co-worker finally shows me how to apply these. Do watch youtube videos on how to put them on. Pros: The lashes are soft, long and impressive. I still can't apply them because my natural lashes are too short or something, but I should be fair to these lashes. They are fine! Cons: Can't cut them because of the magnets. So if you have smaller eyes than it might look strange.
The is a great product. Good, light coverage with sunscreen. Blends well. Unfortunately my sensitive skin doesn't like it. Thus three stars. Probably a personal problem and not same for everyone.
Did exactly what it was supposed to do.
It does lather well but it will leave a lot of hairs in your soap. It never stops shedding profusely!
Not the color I wanted but it works well
Never received the item. Positive note: refunded without issues.
Decent coverage. Stings the undereyes though so be weary.
This product does clean anything on the face including the makeup. The only problem I had was that it is drying for my skin and I was looking for something non-drying.
Smells awful but works to glitter things.
I was disappointed when I got this that the color was much more purple than the picture I saw online, which looks like a nice light brown. After I thought about it a bit, I realized that maybe my blue light blocker that turns my screen a little yellower at night affected the color I saw online. I would advise anyone who wants to buy this to take a look at it in a store to get a better idea of the color before you order.
Ok , lashes shorter than in photo, but it works great.
I liked it but I broke off the cap that holds the water.
Very cheap feeling but got job done
Does not rotate very well
I returned this headband. It's GORGEOUS but oh my goodness is it HEAVY!!!! I had a headache within 5 minutes of wearing it.
A lot of alcohol, which dries hair out. Too crunchy for me. I like soft curls.
I didn't find anything special about this shampoo. It smells fresh mint at the first application, but does not last even a couple minutes. The bottle is sleek and easy to store that I like about most.
Smells amazing. I don't like how it makes my hair dry though. It really gets tangled while applying and the conditioner doesn't do a good job. It always seems to get stuck and doesn't untangle my hair. Expensive for an underwhelming products.
I applied this twice now and then put my regular lipstick on ... it made it smear even more and I was NOT impressed I used a Mary Kay primer and it made the lipstick pop and stay within the lines but this made a smeary mess
Good scent but doesn't last long.
Not enough small rollers
Well the product does not say this is for women. Purchased for my NEPHEW who loves Guilty Black. He did NOT enjoy this.
It is not my favorite COSRX product, sometimes I feel that it has an opposite effect. But still feels great on my skin, probably it is just personal preference, but I really love this brand!!
I love the wand on the full size bottle. It's weighted at the handle which gives it amazing control, excellent idea. But the small bottle is not. The larger bottle however always gives me raccoon eyes. It is not sweat proof at all. I live in south Florida where it is humid and during The course of a regular day it smears. I don't rub my eyes so I don't understand that. The waterproof also seems to smear a tad. But I cannot yet be certain it's not leftover of the regular. Disappointed but love the shape of the wand, a little jiggle while applying from The base up and it applies beautifully and keeps my lashes from clumping, which is a miracle ... yet it doesn't stay on well as noted above.
Pretty color but sticky
id use this product as a highlighter instead of an eyeshadow or both i guess
This hot air brush is just ok. The smallest barrel does not give much curl but the device does dry my hair rather quickly. I am going to keep this as a "hair dryer" but have already purchased another hot air brush by Helen of Troy which worked fantastic.
It is a Christmas gift. The person has not received nor tried it yet.
I have rather coarse hair and can't get any kind of close shave but it IS a handy little unit.
Difficult to use, keeps slipping off. I'm not a large person, I guess the product is cut small. I have used another brand and did not have this problem. Tried these to try to save some money.
I am African.. it makes my skin look ashy and i used very little. I use it as a hand cream.
The on/off and timer button you have to press to choose bulb strength, set timer, etc., is actually the very tiny LED display window. That's a problem For many reasons; 1) user can't see time/minutes to set timer because your fingers cover the LED display while you push it to change the time, turn it on/off; 2) it's only a matter of time until the LED display breaks due to finger pressure. There is supposed to be a motion detector to sense when hand is moved into/out of the lamp, but it only worked once for me.
Concept is great, but it's difficult to use. Clips come undone very easily. I'll be looking for other options.
haven't used yet, but looks about as good as dial bar soap; but it's more expensive, and doesn't smell as good.
I never really noticed the difference in my hair. Not worth the price
Doesn't absorb well, and when you sweat looks awful.
Disappointed...doesn't work on course curly hair
I read the reviews on this product. I was excited about it. Used it twice a day for weeks and didn't notice any difference really. I'm used to the strips that work wonderfully. Thought natural and ease of use would be worth it.
I have only been using this product for about 14 days and like it so far. I haven't noticed any remarkable changes since using it but my pores and face still look clean and the scent is minty refreshing.
Is okay but runs small. I do like the pockets
I love them I thought they were be bigger
Did not come in a tub as pictured. I don't see any difference in the dryness around my eyes after using this product.
A bit heavy on the hair.
Fragrance is great. Shampoo doesn't strengthen/thicken as well as other products available at the price point.
I thought the hair product was very oily Stained my pillowcase and my pillow Am not able to get the stains out with several washings An very disappointed.
I love the space and the ability to switch the pieces to make it fit to your needs. I like that its large and has a mirror so you don't have to pack one. I however did not like the top part the has a mesh zipper pocket and elastic holders for hair tools. If you put anything more than a few small items or flat things in the top part it will not zip. I tried putting a brush up there with a couple toothbrushes, hair accessories and medium hairspray and it would not zip until I removed both hairspray and brush. Also one of the zippers on the larger main part where you would store the makeup has already broke.
They tend to get dirty pretty fast and makeup (depending on which kind) can actually be really difficult to wash off, other than that they get the job done
These shadows seemed promising, but lack pigment. The shadow is somewhat build-able but not the greatest. The included brushes in each set don't stay in their little slot so I do not suggest keeping the brush in the tin. See attached photos for swatches on my arm. I will probably not be purchasing this item again.
I don't care for the dropper. I bought this for my car to keep mice away hard to get in tight places
I'm not sure it does much - haven't noticed a difference really
I ordered the 2 pack of the licorice flavor which is a toothpaste I like and have used for a couple of years now. To my big surprise it did not taste anything like what I expected. My first brushing this morning left me disappointed, no licorice, kind of flat tasting. I hope it is just in the top of the tube and the flavor will regain its strength after a couple of uses. So far, I am disappointed. If it does not shape up, I'll open the second tube and hope for the best. If that one is not good either, I'll come back to this review and hopefully I can get a replacement product. Love this toothpaste!
Great idea, however hard to put on all fingers so that you're soaking off the gel polish on both hands at the same time, and hard to keep them on. The 20 piece was packaged separately; 2 separate packages for toes and 1 package for the nails. I didn't need toes so I wish I had known they were packaged separately.
Stings my face. But looks and feel soft.
I found these difficult to use.
The product looks very nice but it can become unglued from the elastic band. Not all of them though so still nice.
I don't know if it has had made any changes to my face but i'm still using it.
really I don't think works., not for me anyways.
Product lid was off and product was spilt out into the bag.
Does it remove hairs? Some. I used it for my sideburns. It really just looks like I shaved to be honest. Im quite disappointed. It does not work as well as just waxing, since it doesn't remove the hairs very well. Just seems to break hairs to shorten them.
Is an ok product. Didn't notice a big difference on my skin. Actually a litte bit itchy wen I applyed it. But go away seconds later. Not impressed!
Good smell ran out quick didn't seem like it was full amount
I have long, fine hair. These are hard to put in & pull my hair when I take them out.
The shell doesn't perfectly. it's not molded the same as the OEM shell, so I had to cut away a few small pieces to make it fit, and even after that it still doesn't fit quite right. I used triggers from a different kit and they rub up against the shell a bit, making them stick a little and feel iffy. The description also mentioned it would come with screws, but there were none packaged. It only came with the 2 screwdrivers required and a plastic lifter tool.
Just didn't work with me
Felt Pads were bought to go along with an essential oil bracelet. Pads were in a sealed bag and I never inspected prior to giving. Turns out they are multiple different sizes and many she couldn't even use.
The actual hair of this model isn't the hair you'll receive but it is still cool! I wore it for 3 months and deep conditioned it regularly. I have now retired it until I choose to use it again and it's thinner but the hair is wavy and beautiful so I really don't have to blow dry it! Overall I'd buy it again!!!!
Leak like a rusted out gutter! You must sit them upright at all times
Really wanted to like it since it was cruelty free but doesn't hold up all day
Worked great for 7 months. It started oscillating less and less until it just stopped. I will be trying a different brand.
There are a noteworthy amount of flimsy plastic parts. The 'vacuum chamber' that holds the hair is held together by a flimsy spring on some junk plastic. For the price, I expect better than this flimsy mechanism. Additionally, after about 6 months of use, the battery stopped holding any significant charge. Maybe I just received an early model and that these problems have been fixed?
Love the product packaging as a little messed up.
Beautiful, doesn't help our little one but the Science behind REAL Baltic amber seems logical. But ours broke less than a month of owning
They came on time. They were all there. They don't stay in my baby's hair. Nothing to grip onto my baby's hair.
It's not quite as pretty in real life as the photo would make it seem. It's decent, but not quite the pop I was looking for.
Made my hair greasy, dull and the smell is not that great.
I've tried other brands and for me, they all seem to work the same. Exfoliates/removes all the dead skin.
I love the scrubber but the sponge is weird.
I love the product, but be careful who you purchase from! Mine showed up with the caps unscrewed and a lot of the shampoo was leaking all over the bottle, plastic packaging, and box.
Big bottle, I think their design has a big problem. The tip is very big, and it's hard to control it not going to flow out everywhere
When you apply the lip scrub you have the option to eat the access product or to wipe it off. The flavor of the product is quite chemically.
I love the appearance. It does work but has to be bent into shape and the pin is way too short and bends easily. Look nice, but won't buy again. Need to enlarge the pieces.
Not really worth the money...
This was just ok. Didn't care for the lotion either. And this pump omg. It's a 2 handed job.
Like how this made my hands feel however, the tabs for tightening the gloves would not stick. This made it hard to properly secure the gloves and wear.
Produces dandruff, but otherwise I would recommend it
This shampoo doesn't have a very good smell.
I think this cream was starting to fade some dark spots on my arms, but I really don't care for the smell so I won't be using it anymore.
I have a ceramic flat iron and titanium one The steam straighter is an okay product but it didn't steam as much as I thought it would. I did return it.
It's ok. Bobby brown corrector works better. I had bruising under my eye from cosmetic injection and it really didn't cover that great.
The toothbrush and flosser worked well for me, but the toothbrush broke within a year.
Depends what you're looking for. The quality is decent and they work good. They stay put and secure. My issue was that they looked incredibly fake and unnatural, not at all what I was expecting. The picture looked more natural and not so much like costume dress up.
Thanks for a great tiara! I'd give it 5 stars but there where a bunch of flaws ( backwards gems some missing ) but overall she felt like a true princess
Not a lot of product but it's a good product
The design is adorable and the size is appropriate for holding long hair. The clips themselves, however, are very soft and bend too easily when trying to clip and unclip the piece. The feather's are sturdiest due to thicker metal and are my favorite of the set.
It's pretty moisturizing, it keeps my under eyes from drying out over night or throughout the day. I also like how there isn't a distinctive scent to it because I'm a bit sensitive to scented products. The overall function of the product, however, I feel that it doesn't do much other than moisturize, which is still nice.
Great body oil. A very mild rose sent so I added my favorite Channel perfume and now it smells great.
It was at I expected.
I'm not sure if it's my facial hair or the length of it but it doesn't get my beard as soft as I thought. I still use it to stay neat and maintain my beard
The hair was pretty good..... But it had a lot of strings in it in more gray hair than I like
Product did not work as well as I expected.
Really like these and they appear to make a difference but they are very hard to keep on after the first 2 times that you use them so it is still open to a decision as to whether it is worth it to me personally.
The refill box is not sealed!
Its o.k. but not as thick as another brand I previously used. I think the other brand lasted longer in my hair for the day.
Not large like it states. It maybe a bit bigger than others, but in no way is it large. I barely get all my stuff in it, and I don't have a ton of stuff. Shaving, teeth care, and body stuff. It has tons of pockets though, so that makes up for the lack of space.
I've used it 3 times & have jist begun to notice a difference. My husband has yet to notice.
The 10X side showed the image upside down. Not sure if this is a defect or is caused from my glasses. I returned it which was a very easy process. Other than that, the product was very nice.
I like the quality but the eye mask slips off my face too easily. I have had cheaper ones that stayed on better. Also the lavender smell is very light and each time I had used it I had to unzip it and use more essential oils to smell it at all.
I needed one of the smallest clip. For my peanut clipped.
I'm writing this review on behalf of my wife. She was able to break the razor before changing the blade for the first time. I bought her a second one and it seems to be okay for now. She could've broke it being clumsy but either way it didn't last for 2 weeks.
These scrunchies were very cheaply made and broke after 2 days. They are very soft and very cute, but they are bigger then normal scrunchies.
Too sticky and leaves a residue
If there were no other choice you could buy a few of these and swap them out during the day to get as much battery life as the factory original but fortunately I did find another retailer that had a better battery that actually worked like new. Tanaka customer service is top notch but this particular product doesn't rise to their standard.
I love how this hair dryer functions. It does a great job, but after only about 4 month, the low setting has stopped functioning.
Unfortunately the curling iron that was delivered to me did not work at all. I tried several different outlets to no avail. I have sent the first one back to Amazon and will try ordering another. UPDATE: The replacement works great but man does the end ever get smokin' hot! You better use the glove to hold the end of the iron...
Given as a gift packaged arrived on time & in good condition. The packaging was tin & the print was clear & nice. Person who received this said they really enjoy!
Although this appears to be a nice iron, I'm unable to give a review on how well it actually works because the flat iron plates will not clamp all the way down together on my hair. Disappointed. Will be returning it. See attached photo.
I can easily see the shine disappear with this product. So glad I purchased it.
I have dehydrated skin and it actually did not work well for me.
Seems like to won't last too long I've used it for about a week and it looks like it's about 35% used already it also Smells like licorice...I'm not really a fan of that. But it does leave my hair feeling cleaner without drying it out ...would I buy it again ? Maybe...but it might not be worth the price since it doesn't seem to past that long
This product is alright. It's the cheapest epilator I could find, but I suppose you get what you pay for. It works alright but I do have to go over areas anywhere from 3-6 times typically to make sure it gets all the hairs, and if you're doing a larger part of your body such as legs the device itself will heat up sometimes to the point of you having to pause and let it cool down then resume. If you can afford a more expensive epilator i think it would be a worthwhile investment, but this one does work alright!
This product is different from the one I bought single, the scent is stronger and smell different.
It was very nice for the price but very hard to cut and style . I wanted to buff the ends with a flat iron it absolutely would not work .didnt have a strong smell ,it was too long and unnatural looking at first but with a little tlc you can make it work.
don't see much improvement, makes hair oily
I did not get this. I ordered this, but got a different bottle. This is what I wanted. Can I change what you sent me to get this?
Its easy to set up and works like a charm. Its a little bigger then I wanted but love the fact I can choose how long I want it to run. the setting are from 1 to 4 hours. I love the way the color change or you can turn off the colors changing. There is a nice flow of the scene coming out of the top to keep your house or work place smelling wonderful. update stop working already pretty disappointed
Only had one pump in box
Not what I expected. The inner corners keep coming off.
A little bit long did not like it
Works well but not worth the price
product was not as I imagined but seller very helpful to find a resolution.
Wrong item was sent. Shampoo was sent ordered hand soap. Sending back
Ok, keep in mind this is a tester/sample size, very small amount of product. I blame myself for not looking at the details. That being said, I like it for everyday use. I wish it had sunscreen.
Worked great.. but the smell is horrible! Smells really manly.
It doesnt curl as stated with or without mascara.
Screen cracked after a 2 foot drop. paint chips easy and case pretty heavy but will protect your phone.
Only been using it for 2 days!!! Like the texture.
It works great! Could be longer though.
Powder form is difficult to handle. It is so thin it floats away onto everything.
i most of the time have had great success with this stuff but i have gotten to boxes at different times that the stuff was kinda running in the tubes almost like clear and that stuff doesnt work to good
Too small in real.. deceptive looks.. They are more of trial size
This product seems great but the granules - ground shells or whatever a-- are difficult to remove on my face. need to wash after you have already washed - that why only 3 stars.
This pallet smells lovely but otherwise I was let down. It is really not very pigmented at all. A few colors look really good but for most of them, you have to apply a few layers before it really looks like anything.
Update: After 2 to 3 days my hair start to curly again. My hair is not that curly curly slightly curly and wavy but this product don't last long to make your hair straight. Unlike the other brand that i bought also here at amazon it last 6 months til my hair become wavy again.
Although I really like the Cremo Cooling shave cream, the Cooling balm has a funny, unpleasant smell. Why not make it the same sent as the Cooling shave cream???
This is a great wig but this wig is too thick so I had to cut it as if it was an afro
It's a great little table and the price is awesome. Giving three stars because the instructions for attaching the brackets that hold the drawers the backwards causing the drawer to open up on the wrong side of the table. Just reverse whatever the directions say if you want it right.
I would've liked it to be a bit sharper. You have to scrub pretty hard for it to be effective.
You do get what you pay for. These are so-so. Def not even near professional quality. Just so so.
Smells amazing, just wished it lasted longer.
No fluoride free offered in this brand
It's ok my hair stayed curly about two hours maybe then it started to get puffy
The colors are pretty on and they do have the matte look however it does smear so be careful.
Just okay! I am sure it is not as effective because it is an all natural plant based product!
Honest buyer review: If you're looking for a nice cooling effect for relaxation, this is absolutely a nice product. It is made of good quality material as far as I can tell. When it comes to refreshing under the eyes, or providing lasting effects on puffiness, dark circles, fine lines/wrinkles or any other problematic symptoms, I was not overly impressed. We use them when we're doing facials at home, and they have been fun to have, but I would not buy again. Priced high for the actual results. I have used other products for far less that actually provide better results.
Seems to be working - too soon to tell.
This product works well in your hair but be warned, as soon as it is on your hands it's very hard to clean off. It's very greasy and should be applied conservatively and evenly throughout your hair.
Comb really too small.
For the price they are ok. I don't wear them, I just wanted to see what the hype was about. The lashes are not very full and it's not as easy to put them on as seen on tv.
They do the job but a little heavy.
It was great while it lasted
I love the Satya brand and since Hem is also from India and had good reviews I figured I'd try it. It has half the smoke so hardly any scent. I tried green apple first and it didn't smell like it at all. I don't know who these people are that are giving good reviews this incense is awful. I'm sticking with Satya. UPDATE: the first scent I tried was green apple, today I tried Myrrh, and I felt it had a wonderful scent, but it was much thicker than the last one. I'm going to update from 1 star to 3 stars, this brand is just not consistent or they are selling very old product, either way I'll still stick with Satya.
They are good. I don't notice any leaking. Labels did come with them. I'm not an expert on these type of bottles but I noticed the dropper only sucks up a little less then half of liquid. I'm not sure if that's normal.
Smells great. Gets greasy if you apply too much. Not impressed. Going back to my Tigi After Party
1st time I bought this brand & scent, I would have given it a 5. It worked great, smelled great, and went on clear. For some reason, this 2nd one I purchased goes on really white and thick and I have to wipe it with something to get it smoothed out and rubbed in. Not sure if they changed the formulation or what
Holographic PRINT. Not holographic/chromatic. It's still a sturdy and cool little bag but not what I was expecting.
very nice, and good delivery time
I use it to wash razor and if the liquid is not dry. I got pot on my chin everytime
I thought the cans were larger but that's my mistake! Will use them up but will not buy this size again.
Not wrapped very well for shipping. One of the two pieces was shattered. Had to be tossed out.
I've been using this product for about a month and I don't see any change in my hair ir did not make my thin edges grow in
It's ok, thought the scent would be stronger. I like a strong fresh scent. This soap is ok, wouldn't spend this much on it again though
Besides the handle being too short to effectively reach all of a 6 foot males back areas . It smoother than glass soaked in motor oil . You cannot get a secure grip on this thing with soapy hands . Resulting in it frequently escaping your grip and falling in the shower ,
Does not hold suction. Can not use suction cup handle grip. Dangerous to use.
For my purposes, this wasn't helpful. It's designed to be placed on the dash, but it's so large that it hampers my vision. I feel that's unsafe, so instead of mounting it, I decided to set it (without mounting it) on the emergency brake between the seats to use it there. However, my Jeep runs so hot that all it ends up doing is blowing hot air on me. Might work well for others, but not so much for me.
This product was broken in crumbs when it came in the mail. But with concealer, it applied okay
The instructions don't really tell you much it dries regular nail polish okay but it takes a pretty long time works great on gel nail polish I own way more regular nail polish and gel nail polish so I'm kind of disappointed that it doesn't work fast enough and for some reason with my China Glaze nail polishes it doesn't work at all
It kept my makeup on for probably 10 hours which is good but i hate how sticky it feel
1 week into using it, tore from seam up top
It works very well, but it does have some plastic-like smell. If you want some real good quality product, better get something else.
This waterpik kind of sucks. It's not the best and makes a really loud screeching sound when using it at a high pressure setting.
Fair product. Had better results with TruSkin, which actually did improve the circles under my eyes.
Like the powder. Lotion doesn't really work The deodorant breaks me out in a very painful rash...so not much of a good buy for me
I like the item , I thought two gloves would come in a pack though.
I have been using this for two weeks and haven't seen any changes in the spots on my face!
I usually get this from Costco but this one is smaller than one that is from Costco. No Wonder why its little bit cheaper.
Neat concept, but will take awhile to get it to work thr way it should. But if you have thr time and patience, could be pretty cool
The deodorant aspect of it works great, but since I was more interested in the antiperspirant element, it didn't really deliver beyond any other average antiperspirant I've tried.
It is just ok...it feels more like sunscreen than moisturizer. And, it is really fragrant, which I don't like and surprised me bc it is Aveeno. If you dislike smelly products don't buy this. It does absorb fast and isn't greasy when it is all said and done, I just think it is kind of heavy.
the tape did last a bit but the hair extensions started falling out the fourth day (3 tapes came out ). i just decided to take them out. i did follow a lot of instructions making sure i did everything okay. but their alright...
I actually think this product is very neat. However my three-month-old does not agree. He finds my shoulders fingers and Wrist More interesting.
Works perfect on small gem applications
while i love the way this shampoo and conditioner smells it did not clean my hair well and the conditioner left my hair feeling a little greasy.
Not as good as the old one.
It's only been a few days so we shall see will update later. The can came without being inside of the product box. Not sure if this is a 2 month supply since your using everyday but will see.
Works fine, smells good, but both items were long expired when they arrived. I don't know if that matters, and it's probably how this price is even an option, but if that bothers you, it is worth noting.
It's thin, the braids are way uneven. I have to re-do them. And brush out the wig if I can. The amount of static In the wig is crazy. But it works for what I need at the moment and on short notice.
I like it but it doesn't go on that color, you have to put many layers! Also it does not dry quickly .
Wig does look realistic when I put it on! Just the sad thing is you either wear hair all in the back or keep it to one side because it's way to thin to part like it's shown in the picture above. You can easily see the cap of you wear it as it's shown. But other then that for my first time buying a wig I loved it.
It's a light coverage but if bought lighter then your complexion works well as a highlighter.
This version has more cream in it than scrubs. I prefer the old ones in which I could feel the small scrubs working on my face. Also, no longer feels as cool in the face as the old ones.
Cake was broken in half Didn't have time to return it due to needing it for an event
our daughter complains anytime we brush her hair but she complains less when we use this.
The only problem I had with this mouthguard was that it shrunk and was too short to cover my back molars after heating and fitting. I think it will still work, but I wish I had stretched the length when heated before molding to my teeth. This would also have made the unit thinner and more comfortable.
it was for somebody else
Thought it would be just the tallow but found out it is mixed something
I wouldn't recommend using this product anywhere you have the least bit of hair on your face. It HURTS coming off!!! It was a bit hard to remove as well. I didn't notice a big difference in my skin after using it.
I haven't tried product long enough to see if it works.
The hair is straighter and not as thick on the photo. Had it trimmed and it is okay, but not as nice as it looks on the model.
A little too sweet for me
These toothbrushes wear out fast.
These aren't as tight as the originals.
scent is light, however is ok.
This is cheap. It breaks easy.
They come squashed in a wrapper bound by a needless wire tie that bends a few of the metal bristles. Five minutes with tweezers and they can be straightened and you are ready to go. That said, if you are not willing to do this I would not recommend purchase. All three bushes came with bent bristles
It smells ok not for me though
It seems to clean well but i wouldn't use it on eyes, might remove your eye lids. Okay not really but i think the eye area is too delicate.
I really haven't noticed much difference on my hair. It is harder to style with this in it.
Smell seems pretty strong, but doesn't seem to last after the shower. It's alright, but i wish the smell lasted longer. Maybe it's just me, but I didn't think it worked too well. I most use the shower soap to wash my armpits now instead.
Have not used yet,so hoping it works on my headaches. Pleasant smell....not overly scented.
My hair is blonde/ brown and it's hard to get the powder to blend.
Didn't feel any difference
Nothing special but its alright. Small.
Trimmer is nice. But the cord is VERY stiff and it makes it difficult to use the trimmer.
they're very cute & lightweight
Reordered today, first time the foil seal cut my fingers really bad so much that I had blood in the cream... sent it back.
The product seemed OK quality. It does a "costume" feel to it and it did fit my head correctly so I did return it. It did not match the dress or style I chose for my Roaring 20s look. Product quality was not bad.
These are cute but I like the clear ones better
Decent hairdryer for a standard hairdryer. But I bought it for the attachments, particularly the smaller one, and the attachments are TERRIBLE. They fall off if you look at them wrong, sometimes yay by moving the hairdryer through the air, before it even reaches you hair, much less your head. And then the attachment is hot and difficult to put back in place.
These brushes are beautiful but they barely pick up any product. Not great.
Got rid of most of them. Very creamy. Might work better on someone who doesn't have many stretch marks.
Bought this since I was given a pair of these without the designs. Seems the ones without the designs is much thicker material. These are good. Thicker than the cheap ones that feel like gauze but not as thick as I like.
I love the smell of this deodorant and was very hopeful that it wold work. I have sensitive skin (this deodorant did not irritate me at all!) and am always looking for a good natural option. HOWEVER, this deodorant did not cover up my body odor, I suspect because Magnesium oxide does not have the same anti-bacterial properties of Aluminum-oxide and therefore did not mitigate my smell very well even though I reapplied >2 times per day (but that is just a guess). Still 3 stars because it smells great and did not irritate me....but also did not work as well as I needed it to.
This product is more watery than other Hyaluronic Acid Serums I have used.
This wash didnt soap up at all. Was also hard to rinse off. Wont buy again.
Use as emergency cover but comes off easy and creases like crazy ...
They aren't my favorite but I would probably buy them again. My daughters have thin straight hair and these stay in them fairly well so that is a plus. However, it is always a struggle to get them out! My husband always sends them to me before their baths because he can never get them out and when I do they usually pull a lot of hair out with them. The price is great for the amount you get and they can really only be used once so I was happy knowing they are super cheap.
These refill pads are too wide, they do not fit my eyelash curler. However the seller promptly notified me that they will refund my payment which is already in process. I appreciate that! So, even though I can't use this product, they were fair and prompt with me - hence I gave them 3 stars.
This product works well. However the smell it very faint.
These bend so easily, so disappointed because i did like the shape but they will not last long at all. Also too thin I think thats why they bend...
This water flosser worked great, very handy...but after a year stopped working.
The color went on well and was very pretty, but stained the hell out of everything in a way that no other brand has done... and I've been dying my hair funky colors for many years, using various brands. It looked great at first, but faded very quickly even though I was careful and I only wash my hair a couple of times a week. I wasn't unhappy with it, overall, but it definitely didn't impress me. The price being so low makes up a bit for the quality, but I've gone back to my favorite brand and likely won't use Arctic Fox again.
Good. But no point at the end to file inside edge
I was hoping for an orange/ natural copper red. This one has purple/pink undertones.
They work but the package won't reseal well so by halfway through the package, they are dried out and useless.
Dries hair fast. Not so great as a travel dryer. Twisting handle is a hassle.
Idk what buy it wasn't as sturdy as expected
Zipper seems to be very good.
Want really what i was looking for. Green has very soft bristles ( not the kind of scrub i want), or hard stubs. Don't like the cellulite brush
I had to soak all of them in very hot water and soap. The odor was very toxic. But the odor cleaned off in one wash and now they're good.
Not as easy as advertised to use
They are a bit thin. I have super thick hair so they're not that great for me. Would be fine for average head of hair. I haven't used them so I don't know how well they hold up. Would look pretty in dark hair. A Little sparkle is always good.
This razor a good overall appearance. But the center bar of the razor allows the blade to move around when shaving once completely tighten. Seem to be a manufacturing issue with one.
I don't think it's true to size. Even if they gave you the measurements it feels smaller. The zippers are not good quality. I think I will use it for very small travel size products.
These are small hair ties that don't work for a ponytail of thick hair.
My husband liked the smell but was disappointed that 1/2 the bottle was spilt out during shipping as the lid wasn't sealed properly.
Have used brand but not this fragrance.
I have this on a bathroom door to protect the glass shower door from banging into the knob. The doorknob is round with a lock. While the cover fits OK, it could used just a little more material to cover more of the doorknob - it feels like the cover could easily slip off.
Not the best bubble mask but it'll do. This mask is minimal at best. It won't leave a glow or get deep in the pores. You'll most likely need to exfoliate afterwards to really empty pores and look fresh. I wouldn't buy it again.
I really want to love this mirror, however, the lights constantly switch settings without being touched. The first mirror had a broken light, but the seller was quick to replace the entire mirror. However, after only using the new mirror for a month, the lights will switch settings, rapidly, over and over. I've checked the plug, the adaptor site, etc. I can't figure out what is causing the flickering. I really like the mirror, itself. However, I cannot recommend it due to the issues I've had in one months time.
Dnt like it so much compared to other st Ives I used before
It was great starting out, but after the one yr mark it went from cutting hair to pulling.
Worked out the first use. Now it's drying out my hair. I should have checked the ingredients before purchasing. If I had realized it contained drying ingredients like alcohol, I never would have purchased.
These colors are fairly pigmented, though I suggest using all but the mattes wet.
My favorite moisturizer was discontinued and was hoping this would be my new go-to. I read a lot of reviews for CC creams and decided on this one. I really like it, but it's sadly too dark for my fair skin. The moisturizer isn't too heavy or too light. No weird smells. Goes on light with just a touch of coverage. I have heavy freckles all over my body and avoid foundations. Covering my face when the rest of me is still covered in freckles looks so weird. Anywho, I couldn't find a lighter shade than light-medium so assumed it wouldn't be that bad. Woof! The second I pumped a drop I knew it was going to be too dark. I tried it anyway. At first it didn't seem that bad but when I asked my boyfriend how it looked in naturally light he could see a marked difference in shade between my face and the CC cream. I'll be returning this product but recommend it to any looking for a CC cream that isn't too light and is closer to medium than they are light.
This is a very good shower cap as long as your head is small and you have very little hair. Unfortunately I am none of those.
With the sprayer nozzle you'd expect more a mist to come out but that's not what happens, it comes out in one thick stream so you have to spray into your hand and mix through hair as opposed to most spray bottles that would just mist throughout your hair. It's kind of a pain if you're looking for the convenience of a spray on application. Otherwise seems to be good for my frizzy hair if I don't get too much, it doesn't make it oily and the scent is nice.
They work great but do not last very long. They are not OEM but for the money they work just fine. Just have to order them more often than the originals.
The pump did not work after the third use. The product is good but I can not get to use it anymore!!
It smelled REALLY good - it was kind of like a hairspray, too - it held my style well. But as far as the sparkle, it's TOO subtle. I used it on 3 different occasions where I went out and about and not ONE person noticed :( I'd buy it again just for the smell, though :)
Color not as expected. Chipped easily.
I was torn about this product. It's great if you have oily skin and stays on for most of the day. The think that bothered me is that it aged me. The way it looked on my skin wasn't great. The color matched well but the texture of the product after it set up made me look older. My pores also showed through the makeup. Hope this helps.
They are cute and 3 for a decent price. They are soft and good to sleep in if I have wet hair...but they don't really help dry my hair. I have thin hair and wake up the next morning and my hair is still damp.
Probably could have used acetone to remove my extensions. I had tape ins and there's still some residue at my roots. Maybe it's just the type of tape but it still took a lot of work to get them out.
The packaging is insane. I sought this product out as a vegan, an someone who is trying as best as reasonably possible to tread lightly on the earth...
Hm..dunno where to start. It's great for the price for this type of bottle, considering other $/per fluid oz is more expensive than this type. I received a knockoff or fake as minority of the users. Smell is off, but not gone entirely. In most cases apply this cologne after shower when the skin is very moist and the pores will absorb the alcohol, should last longer.
Color is not as dark as I like, and it's messy to use.
Just to confirm the other reviews. This glove acts as a heat barrier, but not completely heat resistant. After a few seconds on the curling device, it will burn your fingers. After you realize it is not going to fully protect you completely from the heat, it is a nice shield from the intense heat. Be careful! I have not researched if they sell a product which is 100% heat resistant?
Nice color but thought it would be a pinkish color. Went on nicely true to Kiara Sky products.
The size was smaller than I realized. But other than that very nice!
This is my very first wig ever... delivery was on point... product came as pictured....just like the picture... it's big head friendly.. the only thing I dislike is the matting in tangled within a few hours of wearing it 😔😔 but again I'm a new bigger lol not much experience but overall I am a new fan of lace Front wigs.... got many compliments instead of 5 ... I said 3 because of the tangling....
This is better for hair fuzz by the eyebrows forehead area.
got the medium. it's a bit tight, but I like it other than the chin part. there is a seam that hurts so I have to pad it or it will leave a line
I like the fact that it is organic. That's the best thing I can say about it.
As previous reviews state. The hair is shorter than expected but it blended well with my hair and hair texture.
What I like about the hair it's soft, good quality. What I didn't like not thick enough and it has a bad smell.
Pros: smells good, heavy creamy moisturizer with SPF Cons: the pump on mine barely works and it's a bit too heavy for my skin type which is normal.
Tarte makes amazing lips glosses that it ruins by using cheap lids that are prone to cracking. I had the birthday suit color in a sample size I received from Sephora and the cap cracked after using a few times. I thought it was just a fluke and purchased the full size since I adored the color and it too cracked after about two months of doing nothing more than lying on my desk. The good thing is the matte gloss only needs to be applied once, so I never carry it with it ,e. I would have been seriously put out if it had leaked inside my purse. I wrapped some tape around the cap and having it sitting upright in my bathroom, so it's still usable. Some people think is a knock-off or something but it isn't. I compared to the ones they sell in the store and the packaging is identical. The plastic is thin and brittle and my guess is temperature/humidity changes caused it to spontaneously crack. I have never seen this issue with any other brand, even the cheapest stuff in the dollar store. Shame on you Tarte.
I bought the sample of this and overall I'm happy with it. The scent was what expected, however, I thought the scent would be stronger. Overall, this is a very mild and hardly noticable scent. I recommend getting the sample size first and seeing if a bigger bottle is worth the purchase
Nice product but was missing 3 liners
Disappointed with the light feature on this mirror. It is dim and does not light up my face at all. Also, the round light reflects in your eyes as a circle and it's distracting when doing eye makeup, etc. The magnification is good, but wish the actual mirror surface was bigger. I am using it, but not completely satisfied.
Ok, not as nice as I expected and I should have read the dimensions more carefully, but for the price a good deal.
Would have been better if there were more liner and less flat shaders
I honestly don't think this works any better than any other of the countless similar skin tightening products I've tried.
way too light, cannot see it
The color was lighter than anticipated. It's very thick but still doesn't hide blemishes as well as i would have thought. Definitely waterproof and does last a long time. this tube would probably last forever as it only takes a very small amount. The biggest problems I have are tat if your skin is even remotely dry, it will cause your face to look even more so and flaky. I think it is also causing my face to break out.
Love it, Very good, would get again!
It didn't stay on...It kept coming off
This lavender oil smells unnatural compared to a local organic farm that steam distills on site and makes organic lavender oil. I hope this product still has the beneficial properties, but it smells weird.
Love the smell, But had an allergic reaction to it.
I like it, but if it were cut over the shape of the ear, it would be much better. Please mention that to the designer of this product. Thankyou.
I gonna put 3 stars even if I am really disappointed because didn't help with any of my acne or rash... but when I use it I feel really clean and fresh
I have purchased all 3 of TB's colognes, and in summary, I liked the first one out the best. This is nice, but not my favorite.
With the good reviews this wig has, I did get my hopes up for better quality. The fibers are hard, and the layers that are built into the wig make it look like a hot mess. It will need a lot of work, but it is doable.
Was expecting a lot from this product based on the reviews, but unfortunately not as effective on my hair. Did not see any difference in the time it took to straighten my hair or in the controlling frizz. Overall texture of hair was more dry and wild when compared to the usually sleep look I get when I straighten. I do have thick and coarse hair, so that may have been a factor.
I wanted to love these and I do love the fact that they don't pull my daughter's hair, but the colors are just not up to par. I only use a couple of these because they are the only ones that match anything in her wardrobe. Having said that, we can't stand the standard blindingly bright little girl clothes that are out there and really have to search to find the more muted clothes we prefer, so that may be part of the issue. We're too drab... hahah!
Strong hold but made my hair way too shiny. Good scent though.
Its okay..dont think it helps with static. Can just use a regular brush and get same results.
Good but a bit bigger than I thought
bought this based on others review and I was expecting it to last through the night, and it does not last any longer than the cheaper products
This product is not too bad but it get dry quickly and hard to remove. Also the shade come little lighter than actual picture
Didn't like the scent of this one.
It's worth investing more for a quality neck shaver, it does work though, the clipper tool is also good but not great, all around mediocre quality, you're probably better off just hitting Walmart or investing in a better grand
Does not seem to be helping with the pores but a nice toner .
Very small!!! Maybe i can used for cupcakes or cookies
BEAUTIFUL HAIR. I WASHED IT PRIOR TO INSTALL AND THE CURL PATTERN WAS LOST SOMEWHAT. OTHERWISE, IT WAS WELL MAINTAINED WITH MINIMAL SHEDDING.
I wanted to love this product. But after using this for a while now. I can honestly say I don't see or feel a difference in my skin at all. It just feels like a massager on your face. I don't feel this is cleaning my face any better than my hands. I can't say I hate the product. I just don't love it.
It works great....but the scent. I had to wash my hair to get the musky scent out of my hair. It was making me sick. Do they make an Unscented?
Not bad, haven't found a filter to clean... have used for a couple months and it started smelling like it might catch on fire.
I wanted to love this product but I just can't. Physically, it doesn't feel great on my skin and definitely isn't good for it (pore-blocking and a bit greasy) but more importantly I just couldn't get it to blend as nicely as I would want for day-wear. Fine for a costume party or a selfie, but not when people are going to be looking at you up close.
Not too bad for the price. However I am disappointed that I have to trim/cut back all the brushes. None of them are consistant. The paint is very thin so it's hard to get any consistant color to decorate.
So far we never see anything change so we still continue to use see
This is a sculpting clay. It does dissolve in water, so it is recommended applying to dry hair. Not exactly what I was looking for.
At 1600 watts, this is not the most powerful hair dryer out there, you will notice a difference if you're used to an 1875 watt dryer. The biggest issue I had is that the tiny, hard to see, switch that changes the current for use in other countries is Very difficult to maneuver. You almost need a tiny screwdriver to push Hard to move the teeny weeny switch back and forth. A coin did not work for me., it was too thick for the hole. I'm not thrilled abut packing a screwdriver in my suitcase to Europe lol. The dryer is wonderful size-wise, very small, easy to fold and pack, and doesn't take up hardly any room. Light, too. Nice looking. Great price. Arrived on time. If my review helped you at all, please do leave me a helpful vote, thanks so much!
All the attachments with the exception of main leg attachment work well. Main attachment does not provide a close shave, and does not capture clippings. Clippings go all over the place. If you are looking for a trimmer - this is the item for you. If your main purpose is to use on your legs, consider buying another razor.
I think the smells are great and the packaging is beautiful. My issue was the bubble part of it. There were hardly any bubbles that actually came from the bomb. This was disappointing because I like having bubbles and figured my daughter could use these too. She liked the color and the fizzing but was mad about the bubbles. The picture added is a 2nd bath bomb because my daughter was sad not many came from the first one.
For some reason the one I ordered did not have a positive feedback due to mild irritation during and after application. I do recommend using this product in a well ventilated area. I contacted customer service and the issue was promptly resolved.
I'm unsure if I like this dry shampoo or not. It smells great, but I have a health condition that causes me to be sensitive to odors & perfumes. I chose this dry shampoo over all the rest because it had the Black Seed oil in it which I did some research on and found out that's extremely healthy for my skin and my health conditions. Although it smells really nice, it was just too strong of a perfume for me. By the 2 hour of it in my hair, it was gagging me. The product worked great though! No scalp sensitivities, gave my hair body from the roots, took away the greasy appearance. Just not sure if I'd buy again because of the strong odor.
They are cute but upon arrival one of the plastic already fell off. Within days another one fell off the clip with just light use.
Wasn't that impressed. Pretty messy.
It was ok nothing special didnt help me much just depends on who is using and how many stretch marks you have
lid screws on but also has a pop top. The lid stays on and closed if dropped but shaken or dropped, some powder does get out. Otherwise a perfect size and works great.
straps could be longer. material needs to be more durable
The brush is sub par, it smelled funny right out the box and after 1 use I have some of the brush bristles in my beard. The comb on the other hand is great and works well. For $5 I can't be mad or surprised so whatever. I basically paid $5 for a comb and a sack to hold it in lol.
I miss the old version. I bought the clean and it was not the same as the pure 22. This new one is pure 20 and it's too much pink and shimmer for me. Maybe I should try the sunkissed? Or maybe I should have paid 30 bucks for the old version of pure 22 that I loved. I used it to set my foundation, since it was sheer it was perfect. This pure 20 made me feel like a doll with too much blush :(
First time buying this brand. Dispenser dropper does not work at all. Not a huge deal, but annoying. Will be switching back to brand I usually use.
I love this mask but this is the last time I buy online. I opened the package and the bottle feels as if it was half used. There is significantly more in the bottle when you purchase in the store. I feel like I wasted my money.
It works well, but it stinks, literally has an unpleasant scent.
I have mixed feelings about this product. On humid days my hair seems to be extra, extra frizzy. On one hand my hair looks nice after blow drying but the moment I walk outside my hair turns into a brillo pad. I can't seem to be able to blow dry my hair and walk out the door with styled hair. On a positive note, this product is great for color treated hair, it's been 3 weeks since I last colored my hair and the color still looks fresh.
Its not easy. Takes a lot of practice to not put on to much or too little for a natural look.
I have noticed gradual leaking from the bottle, with two consecutive bottles from my most recent purchase. The leaking is gradual, and since the product evaporates quickly, a spill on the floor didn't become noticeable - just wetness along the top plastic side of the mop assembly. An entire bottle leaked itself empty before I noticed it. I am now removing the bottle after use (it operates okay when in use). Is this a defect due to a new design of the bottle? This never happened before with the older bottles. I notice that now the bottles have the liquid within an inner plastic bag, which was not the case before. I don't want to give up on this product quite yet, as I like how it works. But I may have to look for an alternative if this continues and proves to be yet another case of defective products coming with newer flawed design.
Spray bottle was hard to push but everything else worked good
Overall good. They actually break easy. Not sure what material they are made of .
Compact and sleek design but the steam surface is less than expected. Not a big deal if you move your face around for full coverage, but could have been addressed with a better design.
Sprayers sometimes work, sometimes not. Good for breath fresheners but not good for anything with essential oils
Too many frosted colours for me to be truly useful. The shade selection is very pretty, very basic neutrals. If only they were matte, I would give them 5 stars. They don't have the staying power you might want, but the price is great. I received 2 boxes for the price.
I love the scent, but can find it to reorder.
First, like other reviewers have stated, it has a lotion-like consistency and therefore the dropper system doesn't work well; a pump bottle would be better. I'm guessing I will have to water it down at some point to get it out. Secondly, it leaves a sticky residue on my skin, even after 30 minutes. I guess if you are putting another product on top of it, or even make-up, the sticky may go away. I don't, so it doesn't. After this bottle is gone I will switch to another product.
What I like is so easy to use
Wish the brushes were better quality but it's still cute
Looks beautiful in the case, but VERY light for darker complexions.. it's a subtle look for sure
I bought this product for dark spot correction. Have been using for one month. Absolutely no changes seen....
Ordered a couple of these. One came damaged and oil was everywhere. They smell alright and are nothing special. I probably wouldn't buy again.
Beautiful but tangles really bad even if straightened
I really love the color. I put a popsocket on it which makes it really nice to handle. Unfortunately the slot that you put cards and gets stuck. So I have to take the whole thing apart to take any cards out which makes it very inconvenient.
This nail polish has a smell that take a while to leave after you polish you nail not a fan.
Well, the smell not bad, but I don't think the scent works. I only have few scent but it still have it after I use it. Not sure about softness and moisturizing. But it doesn't match my expectation
Would probably buy genuine ones next time. Last time I went to my dentist he asked why I had stopped using my electric toothbrush, the only change I have had is switching from Phillips heads to these cheaper ones. They are certainly less firm initially, and they don't last too long.
Great mirror, nice suction. Was fog-free when I first got it, but after several months it fogs up badly. I have to constantly splash water onto the mirror so I can see to shave.
You get what you pay for. These are not comfortable in any way
Hard to use and doesn't work that great.
The tools worked ok but there's no manual in how to use them. Overall, it just made a mess of my face. You're better off just leaving your pores alone and save the money
Does not smell like Xmas wreaths, too weak.
Replaced a brush I lost. It's close but not perfect. Hair gets stuck in bristles when trying to curl under. I wanted one with no little knobs at the ends. This one has them too-just too small to see in picture.
Not what I expected but decent.
Easy to put on once I got the hang of it. But I prefer to glue it on. This is very fragile.
Even after applying lotion first, this product still makes my heels orange looking. My legs look good.
It works well, but the towels on the both ends would dry up after several hours.
Pump squirts out a lot at once and it made my face break out so I think it's a bit too thick. Does firm up skin nicely since I've used it instead on stretch marks lol
I sent it back. It left hickeys on my face. My dad has one almost exactly the same he loves it but for my skin it was too powerful and didn't seem like it got that much out of my skin.
They hardly fizzed. Didn't change the water color, hardly smelled. Definitely not for kiddos. Average for adults
I wish it was faster and if they had a silicone brush, is easier, smooth and hygienic.
The smell is not very good
The colors were not quite as pretty as the photo. I also though the forehead area and part looked cheap. I'll still probably wear this with a hat this winter so I can disguise the part
I enjoy the chair however the assembly was difficult
I love this product itself but it looked as though someone had already been using it and it was only a little over half full.
These are very nice to have on--I can already tell a difference in my hands after wearing them for only about an hour. BUT WOW, the rose scent is WAY too strong.
Throughout the day it leaves chunks in my beard. I have used a little, a lot, warmed, rubbed in hands really good, and half the time it seems to create chunks in my beard. I really have to work it in my hands and be really careful how much I use to avoid this problem. Also, the smell is not woodsy. The description is not like it smells. It smells really sweet like candy.
The rollers are good but the cleanser and polisher is too less for the price. I would rather go for the red olay microdermabrasion kit than this one.
Makes wrinkles more noticeable and dries out skin under eyes making it look cakey but does help with appearance of circles
Was a bit different texture than I typically think of microfiber. On the short side, my hair hangs out the end and it's really not that long. Takes all day for my hair to dry even when I change to a fresh wrap after an hour or so. I like how easy and cute it is to wear. Much better than a bulky towel!
This sometimes clumps and dries out easily in the tube but doesn't smear!!
I found this shampoo to be very drying for my hair (somewhat thin and curly), but it definitely does clarify. Also a little pricey in my opinion.
Washable mascara. Basic. Didnt smear. Purchased because it was a decent price for two.
Love the ombré. The hair is similar to dolls hair, but just warn you're braided prior to and you'll still have good results. Dip with extremely hot water and dip for as long as you can stand. Hair is very stubborn.
Cap was broken, so the majority of my oil was gone :(
Very pretty, but the tines are so short that my hairdo pops apart...
I am disappointed. Having used the same brand lavender for 36 bars, I decided to change. So many of the reviews here mentioned low odor, lack of odor I bought 12 bars of this and it reeks! Either they were wrong, there's been a change, or maybe we're vastly different when it comes to evaluating smells. The soap is fine for washing but I shall not be buying this exact product again.
Ok. Some didn't stick properly. Most worked well.
Lipsticks has many air holes
Not what I was expecting
Great coverage, however my face has been breaking out since I started using this foundation.
I am giving 3 stars because I was sent the wrong items. One was correct, but the other two were not. They are supposed to be jars with sprayers, but I got glass droppers. The box says droppers, and the tag on top says sprayers. I will update when I receive the correct bottles.
Didn't notice any difference in my appearance
I know a lot of people like this brand but it is REALLY drying. I have an excellent skin care routine and this was my only change so when I was able to rub my face and have stuff roll up under my fingers I had to stop using it. My face also felt like I had fine grains of sand on it and all the moisture from my face was gone. I was really disappointed.
Definitely not the exact same lashes as i thought i had ordered yet i still really liked them still but over all loved the case they came in
I ordered the #1 pen and got #2 color pen
I don't know if I'm even using it right, but it makes my face look SUPER cakey and I'm just not for it. It does cover everything though!
This wg is very vibrant. It's very soft and it tangles a bit but not that bad. The purpose of this wif is to make it seem like it's your real hair but it doesn't because the tracks show. There is very little parting you could do to it because of the way that that tracks are laid & for that reason I really don't like it
I have ordered this product several times from the seller. But this time it was slightly damaged. Not a huge deal, but definitely unexpected.
Have to go over the area several times and press kind of hard. The more expensive versions do a better job.
I keep getting this lashes when I didn't order and keep getting charged for it
The roll on does not work well. Difficult to dispense oil.
Smaller than expected
These look really pretty but don't work as well as I had hoped. They still can get the job done. They are thicker than I'm used to so it's hard to get under the edge of the nail and the grit on them is really soft. I do like that they come with a hard case
I like how black it is and how it doesn't smudge, but I do find it tends to flake a bit throughout the day.
Stamps are fine. Issue with the stamper. Tried multiple polishes and cannot pick up the design. Tried both sides.
The polish colors are great but if you are wanting the red one there isn't one. Ordered for the red, blue, and green. Really wanted the red for the holidays.
For me, the color is not good with my complexion. To much violet/ purple. I found that all of the Lipsense colors that have a shimmer, tends to ware off faster. I personally, can feel the small shimmer particals, and it causes me to rub my lips together a lot, then I start scraping my lips with my teeth to get it off. I do not have that problem with the Matte colors I have bought.
It's easy to use but didn't get my hair as smooth and as straight as I'd hoped. I also didn't realize that your hair has to be 100% dry to use it. I was hoping this would keep from having to use a blow dryer and a flat iron. Would probably work well for someone who doesn't have very thick, course, curly hair.
Pretty but not easy to get off the sheet. They either rip or fold over and get stuck.
Very greasy didn't work for my burns
This diffuser is easy to use and I like the all day diffusing option (since it holds more water). However, it's noisy and sounds like constant water dripping (from the lid I assume). I often get up in the middle of the night to turn it off because of this reason. When it's been running a while and the water level is lower, it gets louder.
Not overly thrilled with the fit. Some fall off and others are so tight they hurt my fingers.
i mean it is what it is if u want a real nice spa u gota spend a bit more i wish i woulda got the vibrating one but i must say it gets the water hot fast
It's a little bit too greasy in my opinion. Doesn't really seem to soak into the hair very well.
Doesn't crease my hair like it says, however it stretches out and will not shrink again no matter how much time I give it. I even looked up tips to shrink it like soaking in cold water: didn't work. Eventually get too stretched to even hold hair up
It's a little weird, not your normal soap. Dissolves really fast. Hopefully it's working well?
Had for a while, not really work well on me. Little bit oilly, it may works for dry skin tho...
I haven't seen any results. Just a moisture goal oil
Don't like this as good as Defense brand. Tea tree oil not very strong.
I Loved it- worked well. But after a few short months wont hold a charge any more. I use it everyday. At first it was great. Held a charge a long time. Now wont hold a charge at all. I bought it in OCT 2017. Contacted the seller. Hopefully they will replace it.
I pictured them being bigger than they are, but overall they're nice.
Not what I expected it to be. Yhe colors are bold but it's all glitter
Still in the first two weeks of use. Feeling a lil bit energized and have been lifting more.
The picture is very misleading! They're not wide if you want to wear them with just one color. Not crazy about these at all.
Pump was broken when I received it.
Leaves remains not good when putting extra sunscreen
Hard to tell if we recieved a knockoff or real product with this one. Apparently it looks different and smells different but still accepted as ok
I bot 2 of those Bc I didn't pay attention “it's synthetic hair”. Great for updo but definitely not for hair cutting or hair coloring
These sounded great and might be but I have to agree with the other reviews that the pads on top are not that moistened and almost dry. Not worth the price for mostly dry pads. Can I return these?
You will need to pump ut up a lot to get more than a single spray from this. Disappointing but looks nice if you don't mind the extra work.
don't love it, but also don't have anything better.
Not full coverage which I prefer but doesn't look cakey on.
I purchased this tongue scraper with high hopes, considering all the gleaming reviews, could you really blame me? Well, it wasn't a complete failure, but I was very disappointed considering this thing has one primary use. It does a good job. If you've NEVER cleaned your tongue, even with a toothbrush, then this might be a game changer. However, I normally brush my tongue with my toothbrush after I'm done brushing my teeth, and my toothbrush did a nearly complete job of removing that nasty white residue off my tongue. The tongue scraper scraped about 90% of my tongue clean. Even when I focused on the missed spots, I still couldn't completely clean my tongue. I really feel like I'm missing that scrubbing to really lift that white residue from in between my taste buds and other little crevices that are on my tongue. If you never clean your tongue, this will definitely help you. If you already brush your tongue with your toothbrush, this will, at best, match what your toothbrush can already do. You definitely won't be blown away. I ended up returning this item. They did ask for it back knowing I used it. I really hope they thoroughly clean these before they resell them! Otherwise multiple Amazon customers have gotten to know each other really well without even knowing it! haha.
Works for the price.
I am still trying to figure out how to use the ponytail holder with the inner holder inside. When I figure it out, I will let you know -- as of now, I really like it and feel I need to let my hair grow longer to wear it.
It is a really good starting set. It comes with all the tools that you need, colors and the top and base coat. This is the brand my mother-in-law uses so I wanted this brand. I read the reviews and was a little nervous about the lamp but went ahead anyway. Mine came poorly packaged as many of the other reviewers, but nothing broken. I went to do my nails and just one coat took 3 minutes to cure. I followed the directions exactly, and it was not a thick coat. I basically held my nail right up to the bulb, and that was the only way it cured. Other than the lamp not working I recommend this starting kit. The colors are beautiful and I like all the tools that came with it, and the little extras like the tape and rhinestones. I ended up just buying a $15 LED lamp from Walmart.
I found that my nails chipped faster when using the product. Also, it definitely took more than 2 minutes to really dry the polish.
Package arrived super dented and beat up with a hole in the box. Not well packaged and no protection to keep box from being damaged.
I wouldn't recommend.
It works well but the scent is a bit too strong.
It sure works great and I bought it because of great reviews but it's super sticky and doesn't come off as it's supposed to be described as honey wax. It was a pain to get the wax off the skin and I accidentally spill a drop on my tile and omg. But it sure clean all the hair including tiny hairs, i wish it was washable. You get the quality you paying for.
The hair is beautiful, smooth and full. The color however is off, it's much lighter than the example photo. No worries though, I just lightened my hair up a bit!
Not the quality they describe. Complete rubbish. Waste my time.
I have a combination dry/oily skin. I've tried seemingly every product known to man and still struggle with dry skin, large and impacted pores. The suction doesn't seem to do much besides pull the skin flakes away as you're running the tool acrossed your face. I was hoping to see it loosen and dislodge some blackheads, but I didn't notice a difference in that aspect. You have to be very careful too, not to run the tool across the same area too many times because the abrasiveness of the head will tear your skin up and the suction will cause bruising/discoloration -- basically you're going to have a hickey on your face if you're not careful! Lol! Also, be careful turning the machine for a different angle and don't force it.
These are great, unless you use oil in your hair. They do last longer than any other brand I've tried so far. I wish they were clear instead, but cute colors.
Wonderful colors, just doesn't last like it should and I get a lot of dust on my cheeks and nose. Kinda unsightly.
I cannot decide if I like them or dislike them... As someone who is fairly comfortable with putting false lashes on with lash glue, I find these extremely difficult to put on. The length of the magnet is fairly short. Once I was able to adhere the magnets, I was shocked at how comfortable they were on. However, because the length of the magnet is so short, the lashes look like they were hanging on for dear life. It's like when you wear false lashes and one of the corners doesn't stay on so you have that lash peeking out. I may have to cut them, but I think they will end up looking like corner lashes instead of full lashes. I think with better practice, this may work out for me BUT it might take more magnetic lashes since you have to be extremely gentle with them or else they start to fray/peel off the band and lose its original form. Also, to clarify, you get 8 pieces but they're only 2 pairs of magnetic lashes (2 pieces for each eye), not 8 pairs of magnetic lashes.
You have to really dig it out of the can with your nails if it's not super warm. So it makes it a little difficult to apply. So far it seems to work, it doesn't burn your eyes if it runs into them and you can see where it is and isn't applied.
I was unable to use for more than a couple days because it immediately clogged my pores.
Ordinary. Not any better than another one I have.
I love the smell and how moisturized I feel after using this but it doesn't really lather that well. I find I have to use several pumps just to get my Loofah to suds up.
They arrived scratch
I like the more powerful scents, and they always offer these in the store, and not their more exotic flavors. Need all varieties in the local stores.
So got this today and was a bit disappointed. The package looked like a full bar, but its the size of my palm. Will not buy again.
I bought these as they were cheaper than Juno. I have never used a Juno sponge, so I can't compare, but these are not as soft as sponges that I am used to using and are much more difficult to clean. I found they trying to clean them so hard took away the microfiber-ness of them. They aren't horrible, but don't make a difference in makeup application. So no reason to switch from normal sponges to these. Just stick with the normal sponges.
Not as sturdy as I expected. I should have read the description more carefully.
This product is amazing - giving three stars because I was only given one of the two!
A bit long but exactly what i purshased and what was advertized.
I definitely recommend a regular makeup sponge instead. This will save you on foundation but it'll be harder to blend.
UPDATE - Messaged the seller, and they sent a replacement immediately. Offered a refund, but I chose the replacement. This one works, but no time to test it yet. AFTER TESTING - Body is plastic, probably won't take much abuse. 720p is the limit. Top storage limit is 32gb. Acts like an older model cell phone camera. No smooth zoom, for instance, it occurs in steps. You won't take this on vacation, but it makes an OK end-table camera to grab for those times when the dog and cat are playing chess. As far as longevity -- who knows? Was investigating cheap alternatives to surveillance cameras. Trouble is -- this thing won't charge. Kept it plugged in for 2 days. Will not turn on. Won't operate off of plugged-in charger, either. My return window closed. Only hope is to fly to China with it, spend months looking for the right factory, plead for a refund until argument becomes volatile, spend years in a Chinese prison, die destitute. So, here goes....
While we haven't completely ruled out the device as an unreasonable purchase, I was highly deceived by the high star rating. I don't like to be manipulated to make a 5 star review for a $15 gift card on a product that probably doesn't truly deserve 5 stars let alone 4.
Seemed to be working well. I used it for maybe 5-10 min 3-4 days a week.....just long enough to do some makeup and then turned it off. Well, now the lights don't light up more than a candle flame of brightness. It obviously turns on, but the lights are burnt out or something. Expected better
Haven't used them yet but they look nothing like what is advertised. Still look ok just not what I expected.
Not the best quality, and the white/red is very mixed together in the middle, but its an alright wig for the cheap price
I like the quality however the cap is way too big even for a large head. I recommend you order small size or extra small
I have never had a water flosser before. I have a couple of places on my gums that get really sore. Since I've been using this nightly, the sore gum problem has cleared. I really like that it is battery operated and I don't have to have it sitting on my counter. However, the placement of the button makes it easy to make a mistake and push the wrong button while in the process of using it. I have gotten water in my hair and on the ceiling and walls of my bathroom. I have learned to manage it by always keeping one finger on the off button at all times and all other fingers away from the other buttons. I also hold it where I cannot touch the other buttons. Never try to change anything unless you are looking at it. Have had it for months and it will still get away from me at times. I would give it 5 stars if not for this.
These eye pads stick on under eyes but I found that the shape of the pad was not ideal. Nonetheless I wore them and they did a nice job moisturizing and calming down a little bit of my eye puffiness. I wouldn't say this product works miracle but I'll finish using my supply and probably try something else was n the market.
This is the reformulated version has slight alcohol smell at first spray also doesn't last as near as long.
Wig was nice at first. Did well after two washes, after that, the wig became extremely tangled and knotty. About to throw it in the trash unfortunately. Very disappointed at such a nice wig.
A rubbish I bought this time. Absobuly hate this product.
This set is.....ok. I don't find the clippers to be very sharp but as a travel set they're fine. The price I paid was very fair for what I received but I would pay more and get more for my "everyday" clippers.
Product as described, quick to ship.
I love the colors of the bobby pins but they wear fast.
The price is low, but you get what you pay for. Doesn't stay well, smears all around leaving your whole face gold and sparkly.
Shave quality ok and battery wouldn't charge after 3 months
It does what it says it does.
This blow dryer blows really strong, I have to use the lower setting and even that is a bit too much for me - it's hard for me to style with it blowing so hard. This could very well be a "user issue" but my other blow dryer was not like this. The heat settings are lower than what I am used to, I can use the hottest setting and it's not too much. I have given this a couple weeks to see if I can get used to the strong blowing, but I am going to look for another blow dryer for this reason. Everything else I love, the shape and such.
Product is good should have read description better. Bottles are small but good if looking for samplers
I still have some adult acne, maybe I haven't been using it long enough. Will see....
This is a great deal for a huge amount. However, it is not real. It still smells exactly like Eros but wears off after about an hour or 2. I replaced an original with this and noticed a huge difference immediately. Original- 2 sprays is strong and lasts an entire work day. This- 3 sprays and reapply every couple hours. It smells right just weak compared to authentic.
I bought this for my sister because she was told that it would help her hair not to fall off. I hope it works. She seems to be very happy with it. Future will tell.
Did not straighten my hair as i expected and as the details expressed it would. I have used Chi flat irons in the past that have worked better than this one. Slightly disappointed
Smells wonderul but doesn't last too long.
The smell is bad, and the moisturizer a little bit dry for my face. I used the vitamin c serum too from the same brand, which smell better and feels nice too.
Cute but the air is not that strong, however you get your money a worth
I was rather disappointed with the red/white polish as it is transparent when applied. It took three coats of it to have a nice red but I wouldn't call the color vibrant by any means. All of the polishes will take three coats to have decent color for the "warm" color. I do like the polishes and I plan to keep them but it just takes extra work to make them look good. I put the red/white on first and can verify that with applying a base coat along with three coats of the polish, it will last for up to two weeks. I've since put on the blue/green one and it's beautiful! I used a base gel coat and a top gel coat on my nails even though the product states you don't need to.
battery life not as advertised but works well
I have alopecia and I'm constantly buying wigs, this wig feels so soft and the color is great. Only thing I would say could be better is the quality but other than that it's good for the price.
The pic made the soaps look so vibrant and fun, but actual bars were a bit dull and disappointing. They did smell good though so I guess that's what really matters. Description was accurate, but my fault for not paying attention in that they are just 2oz little bars.
Resolved itching and flakiness but quantity leaves much to be desired for the cost.
Super easy, but you have to shave the same spots over and over and over... and you still won't have a clean shave
The hair feels soft, it feels natural, but it falls off and it doesn't part, it's limited to the part created on the wig.
Made hair to oily the smell is nice but hair was greasy looking after next day
one of these sponges got mildew relatively fast. Also I thought when I bought them that they were real sea sponges but they are not.
I'm a big fan of the lip balm. The lotion was okay. It does not do wonders, as the lip balm does. It feels a bit greasy, but it does moisturize and does not have an offensive smell (which is important to me). I will keep using but I likely won't buy again.
I really hoped this would work for me but unfortunately I didn't notice any difference or whitening in my teeth. It wasn't convenient to use so I stopped using it all together. Flavor was tolerable and pleasant compared to other charcoal teeth whiteners out there though.
This helps a lot but after a while you start itching a lot
I did not get the 6 blades with the shaving cream
It's a good moisturizer but cannot say it works for eczema.
Nice gel. Dont use too much. Eyes were creased in the morning. Hope the results for puffiness are cumulative! Does anyone know?
I just threw it on and kind cut the bang. If I had more time I would've clipped it more and gave it more shape. It's a cute through on and go. Come with a cap and eyelashes.
My wife hates the smell. She compares it to play-doh. I can't really smell it when it's on me, and my wife thinks it smells ok in the bottle. So something about it in my hair doesn't smell good. Other than the smell it works well and keeps my beard hydrated and under control.
It was a little smaller than I originally thought. Did not have to use it so I returned it after our trip. I would recommend this product to others who travel and need use of it. Just that most hotels now have hair dryers .
They do the job and clean the eye lids I just didn't like how they were soapy feeling and you had to wash your eyes after you used them. I purchased some other brand that are much better they clean the eye lids and I don't have to wash the soapy feeling off.
Great so far except it's for a 12 year old and all the packaging is not English, I can see having it in multiple languages.
Presumably it takes a couple of weeks for the skin to peel off after you use this exfoliating mask, so I don't know if it actually works. It does, however, smell good and makes your feet soft.
Okay soooo I finally decided to use the mask. 1st let me say that it works very well leaves your face feeling very clean and refreshed...Downside if you up for some pain then this will give you some.. The removal of mask was a bit painful and it did make me upset that it caused me But all an all it does work . I recommend that you use for blackhead area only like the nose area aand not whole face
Pretty easy to use even for someone with larger hands i like the size of the blades too
A lot of shedding but it held up after several shampoos for about 10 weeks.
Beautiful color and very soft! Even gave it 4 stars. I absolutely loved this wig but I had to return it because the cut is too choppy in the back.
I thought I ordered Super Shape, not Super Shape Extreme.
This stamp isn't very beginner friendly, but I also think that it's probably the same for all nail stamps. It took a while for me to figure out how to get the polish to stick to the stamp. But after many practice rounds (and YouTube videos) I figured it out! I love the wide selection of templates. Once you get the hang of it, it's fun to design your own nails!
Bought this and gifted to a friend. This stuff is amazing. She's been getting eyelash extensions for years but The cost of those extensions were too expensive. So I bought this stuff Because she mentioned about this type of product. She was thrilled to get the serum. She loves this so much and I'm glad I got this.
It's a very nice foundation. Not 5 star nice but good
Saw a difference in days Good buy
I like it however the scent is a bit strong. Definitely moisturizing!
Order arrived on time and as described.
I like the look and number of pockets but do wish the pockets were larger or the size of the bag overall was a little larger. I'm unable to fit some larger items (like my hairspray that I can't open to transfer to a travel size bottle) in there that I'm used to being able to fit in other toiletry bags.
Have used this for a few years before purchasing online. Same product, affordable and lasting size. Very content.
Used for medical purposes. Smell was pleasant and mild. No irritation. Pump makes it easy to use.
Product was as described. Looks good and blends well.
Nice but produces lots of oil
I was really nervous to buy this wig as it was my first time ordering hair online, but I am completely satisfied. Fast delivery, and the hair is very soft with minimal shedding. The hair line was preplucked and didn't need any additional plucking or bleaching of the knots. I would definitely recommend this to everyone.
Feels good on the skin and smells great!
Would give 5 stars, works really well but doesn't have as many different guides as other Clippers...(for different length cuts).
Was a bit hard to put together due to the vague directions!
Great texture no shedding wish it was a smaller cap
Quick shipping but didn't fit exactly for my Gigi warmer but I just had to cut it
I would have given 5 stars but the price wasn't much of a savings relative to local stores.
So far I am really loving this product. I've used it twice since I got it and I haven't had to reapply yet. The only issue I had was that one of the bottle came with a cap and the other didn't. So it's hard to leave one at home and travel with the other one.
I like the way it makes my hair feel. I'm not sure if it really helps keep the curl have only used it a few times. Will know more as time goes one.
I love this lotion! It's thick but not greasy at all. It smells great too. I would've given it 5 stars except for the bottle. It's a fight to get this stuff out of there. I store it upside down and just take the top off, then I squeeze a glob out. It's easier to work with that way. I was afraid I would crack the bottle if I kept squeezing it with top on. Basically it would be perfect if it came in a tube.
I still have wrinkles.
Like that they have aloe in them
Seems like a great prod/
Decent moisturizer, it's a little weak for me I must admit. I like my moisturizer less watery. But still gets the job done. I would recommend something with a thicker consistency for dry skin.
The lidocaine is not much help but does cut the lasting burning down a bit. I liked it
I apply concealer first and the product really stays on and the color pops.
Helps offset overall redness but you need to use a lot since it doesn't have a lot of pigment. I still prefer that over some of the other green color-correctors I've tried. A little green goes a long way so the lighter color is safer to apply, especially if your foundation isn't high-pigment to cover up the green tint. I end up using more but at this price it's not a big deal.
Really soft but absorbent. Very tiny I thought they'd be longer. Over all good buy!
It meets my need, happy with the purchase.
Great price for a good quantity to stock up on. Unlike Amlactin or other exfoliating lotions this does not burn or sting even when used over areas with irritation or sores. Very hydrating but sinks in quickly. There is a slight smell, but it dissipates in a short period of time. Unfortunately my skin still has quite a few bumps after over a month of daily use, but there is a notable different in how much moisture it retains.
Made my hair very soft and manageable but did not help my itchy scalp.
Scent does not last long but for the price it's ok.
It is a beautiful wig.
I like the spray but please make sure that employees seal the top on better. My pkg was damaged and it waisted all over the envelope it was sent in because the top wasn't secured before shipping. Please make sure that never happens to another customer. The spray actually leaked through the plastic covering.
Nice quality product. Adhered and stayed on a large abdominal incision quite well. While difference is minimal when you simply touch it, the thickness (probably the reason) is slightly inferior to the highly rated Cica brand. This seems to stick onto itself at edges easier, however, you can peel it back out. In the end, the Cica brand is just a bit more comfortable and easier to use due to the tiny difference. However, I imagine if your wound is small, this would not matter as much. We preferred the cut your own length on this brand while the Cica has perforated preset lengths that you can tear off.
Absolutely love this product for intense moisture. I feel like my lips are softer and look fuller after a week of using this nightly. Thick, almost vaseline texture with no smell or taste.
I LOVE that this product is cruelty-free which is a must. It provides light-medium hold, with no stickiness at all, hair feels very smooth. Not as much hold as I'd like, as I have thinning, fine hair but I'm sure it would be great for those looking for less body/hold.
The shaver is well built and has lasted many years. The downside is that it takes many passes to get a smooth shave, and is therefore a bit labor intensive for tasks like shaving one's head. For just shaving your face, it would be fine.
The hair out of the pack is very soft & silky. Hair has a slight smell to it (hopefully it will wash out). The bundle are very thin. Im going to buy a scale because there is no way these bundles are 100 grams. I will be updating after wash then another after install! Update: I was able to wear this hair from mid July to early September. The photos show the hair from initial install to last week on use in order. Hair comes back to life after each wash but starts to get more and more tangles. The hair sheds like crazy the hair wasn't as full as I like but was well worth the price. I will buy again
I love this color and purchase it often, but this is the first time I have purchased from Amazon. The pro: it brightens up my face without being too sparkly and stays on all day. The con (and this seems to be exclusive to the Amazon version): it arrived in a much looser powder than the version I have purchased for years, in-store, which makes it messy to apply. Otherwise I would give it 5 stars.
I have used this for a week and can already see a difference in my split ends. My hair look healthier! Helps control frizz! My hair has more shine then ever. Has a nice soft smell isn't overwhelming like most!
This wig has been great. It is a great lace front for beginners, because it's so easy to work with! The baby hairs and pre plucked hairline is a great bonus, the baby hair is a little long, so that you can cut to your preference. Because of its length it does tangle a little, but it was a great wig for a night on the town!
I love how it straightens the hair,but i dont like the fact that it keeps locking as i flat iron.
Very good self tanner!! Comes with everything for easy application!
Does it's job but collapses when you use it. Can't press up against your head when using to get a good curl but it works.
Although the original picture displayed a white headband with palm, the headband I received is pink. That is the only reason I am knocking this product a star. The product came is very nice quality packaging and was soft to the touch upon opening. The product is easy to use and to clean when necessary. Great product.
This made my skin noticeably smoother and brighter. I loved using this stuff! I applied it once in the morning before makeup and once at night. I cannot use it now due to prescription face cream. The ingredients do not mix well with my new night cream. The only negative I have is the smell. The smell is horrible and is made worse when paired with sweat or makeup. So don't be alarmed if you start to notice a weird smell. I would describe it as medical gloves. Weird, I know.
What I liked most about these eyelashes is that they looked good on me I didn't have a problem with them
Hair is really soft and pretty, but I'm not a fan of the closure. Like others have stated, there are a lot of tiny short hairs in the closure that stick up. The closure hair also doesn't lay flat, flat ironing doesn't help.
The taste is really delicious. It takes care of my mouth plus it gives me pleasure every time I am taking this.
Very good product but could hace gotten it elsewhere for a lower price
bought as a gift. nice packaging.
These are NOT ouchless if you have a heavy head of hair. They are better used for children versus adults.
Feels nice on your skin.
I bought this for my wife who travels a lot for work and over the years I have noticed her frustrations more and more with an old cosmetic bad she would used. Here's her actual review of the product: This makeup bag has been a game changer! I travel a lot for work and this is so easy to grab and go. I do wish the band lengths were a little smaller but overall I'm able to easily organize all my makeup, roll it down to see everything, and roll it up to secure and put in my luggage. I've used it every trip since I got it. Love it!
works good but need to inform people that it is a slide on blade replacement
Good bottle, trigger doesn't feel as sturdy as the one from Sally's but this does it.
Nice color. Best for tan to deep skin tones. Very pigmented.
I love my gel curing led light it has 3 different settings for curing time and it really works just like the salon!!!!!
I just tried this glue it works well. Gets tacky quickly.
The Sage did not work as well but the Tea Tree works great on my eczema.
The color is very pretty. But it started chipping in 3 days. So a bit disappointed in that
I love that there is a pleasant smell and that it's gentle on the skin
This wig is by far the best wig ive gotten that was curly ... The hair is pretty an very soft ... Doesnt tangle or mat up very little shedding no smell to nothing .... The issue I had was they did send a 16inch like I requested. They sent me a 10 inch curly maybe 12 inch ... It took to bleach and coloring very well OVER all the wig is a great wig if you like THAT curly hair .... I would buy this hair again
I wanted a smaller bottle BUT these will do for now I am sure I will use them,
I love the outdoors / chocolatey smell that this has. Thankfully this is light and not over powering. It is very hard to find this product locally and I was surprised to find that I could order it here.
1) order a few colors you think may work for you and see in person which matches. 2) use dry shampoo if you find it too shiny. 3) use thinning scissors if you find it too heavy. It looks very pretty and is totally worth the price.
Like everything about this product--especially that is is not greasy and doesn't get in your eyes like other kinds of sunscreen. I only wish it came in a little bigger size.
I love Wet brand brushes. They are gentle to the hair, wet or dry. They are sturdy but lightweight and feel good to my hand. And they come in many colors and designs. However this one in the pink flowers does not have an embossed "Wet" logo just beneath the brush area. All my others have it. In the pictures offered of this product, one shows it with an embossed "Wet" and another without. Also mine arrived with white nubs on the ends of the bristles, whereas one ad shows all black, while another shows white-tipped. My brush does say (in print, same as the pink flowers) "Wet brush" on its handle. I just want to make sure I purchased a legit "Wet" brand. Otherwise it seems like a good brush. I've had this particular one only a week, so I'm still trying it out. The way I clean and wash my Wet brushes is to pull out as much loose hair from them as I can with my hand. Then with a regular hair brush with soft bristles, I will brush it to remove the rest of the hairs, pulling them from the other brush. Or you could use a soft bristle scrub brush. Then I get both wet, put liquid soap on one and gently scrub the brushes together. That also brings up loose hair so you can grab and pull it out. Then I rinse both very well and dry upright on a wash rag. If you have thick curly hair or a lot of hair accumulated, you could try using the end of a rat tail comb down each row and pull up hairs before washing. Wet brushes seem to survive fairly hot tap water. Though I don't know I'd soak them in it. Likewise, I wouldn't put them in the dishwasher as some do. They might melt or the colors will fade away much faster than they normally would.
Came exactly how described/pictured Pleased with quality of makeup for my tween daughter!
This feels more productive to use than manual toothbrushes. There are also many different settings so brushing is more catered to the user. I like it.
It did do a good job getting chlorine out of my hair after swimming but left my hair very dry. Washed dishes by hand well but left my skin dry even though I had diluted it (both for shampooing and dishes). I don't usually have dry skin so I was surprised.
It's really good to have have little things like theses at home... this product is the same has the picture and the price is just right
Smells very good. My second time purchasing this cologne. Obviously just expensive as you are paying for the name Versace.
There are a lot of diffuser's out there, and at this price point it would be hard to beat...my wife wants another one for her office..
I am pleased with the product, but I expected a larger quantity .......... very small container about the size of a US Nickle, if used sparingly you can get 2-3 whole long nails out of this amount. So if you expect to do more you will require to have a few more in your supply.
I love this and will buy it again. It smells so good. Don't spray it directly on your clothes as the oil will stain.
Love the idea. Just some pulps and stuff get stuck in the seams and hard to wash... would love a more detailed cleaning instruction !
Great item that I use to clean my hair once a week.
This product didn't work out for me, too ashy-grey due to my reddish undertones but all in all easy to apply and a brand I wouldn't hesitate to buy again.
Great hold strength, fantastic scent and at a great price! Don Juan, is quickly becoming my go to for all my pomade needs.
Love the smell. Unfortunately the smell disapates very quickly.
Plain scent but it works perfectly
Product was delivered leaking
Fits on my oral-B well and have not had any problems with it thus far. Only complaint would be that I wish the heads were a little smaller like on a philips toothbrush head. However, I feel this cleans my teeth much more efficient then just the regular round heads. Will most likely order again once I run out.
Wish the product came in a light brown or medium blonde
Cute size, quite durable and they came with labels.
Not the best, not the worst. There were a few scents that I thought smelled a little different than usual, compared to other brands that I have used recently. I will probably try a different brand the next time I need more oils, I just don't feel 100% sold on these.
Way bigger than I thought they would be, but they work very well! Super soft and plush, I will definitely buy again.
Best price I can find for a good bar of soap. Works well, smells good and not over scented which would bother my nose.
Great glue, but it always glues the cap to the bottle which is nearly impossible to open!
Been wearing them for 5 days both to bed and all day. The pain has only been in my right heel. Since wearing these the pain is almost totally gone during the day. I feel some just when I wake up or have been sitting for hours at my desk at work and get up to walk. But the discomfort level is reduced by about 80 percent.
Typically pricey Aveda product, but I like the scent and it does a good job cleansing my hair.
Smells nice, cleans your face, good price.
This is a good foot bath for home use. The bubbles and heat are a great addition.
I bought this as a travel mirror, as hotels don't always have an idea setup for make-up application. It helped quite a bit for this purpose. The fact that it doesn't require removable batteries is a huge plus, as you'll never wind up with dead batteries. (As long as you have it charged, OR, you're near an outlet or laptop that will recharge it via USB.) The angle of the mirror is fixed, which is the only slight problem, depending on the height or angle you need. Otherwise, a nice convenience for travel.
Seems to work okay in keeping my lines down. Can't really notice too much though.
I like the scent and the packaging. However it's kinda difficult to spread on. Not a deal breaker, just an observation.
This is a very bright red henna. This quantity will probably last me a year. I'd say it's pretty good quality.
Good bags. I can keep all small things for my small daughter
Product starting working after 5 mins. Instructions says to leave on for 5 to 8 minutes without making facial expressions which is hard when you have kids around. When dry you could feel your face tightening up. This is my first time buying an eye product and I like it so far.
Have only used a week and it Has added moisture to make my skin softer
It's amazingly beneficial in every way possible. I'm very happy with this purchase.
Good shave for the price.
Works really great! Definitely an emphasis on SEMI permanent. It's not lasting as long as I'd hoped.
Expensive but worth it
This is such a handy brow pencil with color and brush included.
The wig itself is a beautiful unit and shipping was very quick. Unfortunately, I received the wrong color but I needed the wig for a wedding right away so I wasn't able to exchange.
I like it. . I wish it smelled flowery, but the texture is good.
Makes hair stronger (therefore longer) and reduces breakage, but can be a little heavy for fine and/or thin hair.
The color looks natural and has covered the few grays at my temple better and longer than any color I have tried so far. I have had compliments on it's color and the conditioner leaves it feeling like silk. Easy to apply, even for an amateur like me. No burning or horrible smell. I have paid a lot more for not as satisfactory results.
i purchased this just in case i decide i want to forfeit being natural
got based on friends input, it really works and quick to apply, light weight.
Slightly larger than I hoped for although the handle folds and it fits nicely into my vanity drawer. Powerful dryer for its size. The cord is long enough to use easily.
Still have eye irritation when using but not as bad as the store brands.
Most colors (pink, purple, green) work great and washes out perfectly! It is pretty sticky/slash firm after application so don't plan to brush afterwards. Also rubs off on clothing etc.
My daughter has this & is not using the crystals that came with it because not all her brushes would fit if the crystals where in the bottom. She wishes the price was lower but is using it on her desk.
This product worked well! It didn't pull at my hair and straightened it nicely.
Product works great right out the box, I had an older version that wasn't working so I went ahead and got this differently not disappointed, I would recommend it.
Love the size and the easy maintenance on this clippers. Easy to recharge and don't have to worry about any cords. The only down side I saw is that it's doesn't cut as close as an edger but other than that it's a great and well made product
The scent is good and it last all day,good item to buy.
Great setting powder for under eye
Wife lived that I found her favorite hair treatment in a value size!
The product is very good quality. I am taking one star off due to its high price.
Good for light / moderate dirt given softer bristles versus other really firm finger / hand brushes. May be fine with hand cleaner for tougher jobs or sensitive skin and nails. Good price for 4. Using one for saddle soaping boots.
It's pretty cute. But not quite. I don't think it can be used during baby sleeping time.
I have been using this for about a week now, it does seem to be helping. My feet aren't nearly as rough. The cream is smooth and it is relaxing to use as well.
Love the bar, but wish it was a little bigger.
First time using something like this and found it quite simple. I plan to find more designs to play with now.
I carry this back and forth for my massage sessions. It's nice to keep my oils organized and fairly easy to wipe out if they leak a little in side the bag while transporting. Hard part is getting bottles out from the end slots. It's a tighter spot with the material to try to maneuver items in and out. Otherwise, I like the bag and other therapists have commented on it as well.
Pretty good quality for the price
leave my skin feeling clean and smooth
These eye pads work great! So glad I purchased them! (:
Product smells a little different than the original Biolage but it's still a good smell. Makes my hair feel thick and full. Shampoo doesn't lather as well as other brands but still serves its purpose.
Perfect! Just as described. Puts a beautiful chrome finish on my nails. Would recommend. Comes with 9 chrome & 9 powder brushes. The more you use the more chrome effect you'll get
WOW! Love it! The coconut smells is awesome! It looks like you have this wonderful glow! I've had quite a few sun cancer spots taken off my back so no sun for me! This product is so much better than a spray tan!
It's sticky on the lips....i have to keep applying...... But forthe most part love the flavor
Not like the shavers for generations... this one cannot get a 5 star. Blades have less of what gives a good shave on women's legs, but it's better than using a disposable razor.
Purchased this product on a whim while trying to find a new skincare line. I was plesantly surprised at how soft it has made my skin feel, how light it goes on when applied, and the light scent as well. Not overpowering just the right amount. I only wish the company made a face cream with SPF in it.
matte lipsticks in a lot of shades, very easy to apply and stay on a long time even after kissing and drinking
I've been using this product for over a month. It smells wonderful and hydrates my damaged hair, but running my fingers through my hair leaves a tacky, greasy residue on my fingers.
the frontal sheds alot but the hair was good
I have keratosis pilaris and also other tiny zits all over my body and it seemed to help with this. Not completely eliminating them but it helped. It's kind of an odd soap though because it is like a tarry substance that has to be cut up or smeared onto the shower rag. It didn't cause me any allergic reaction though which is very good. Overall I am satisfied with it and would recommend it to others.
Easy to use Difficult to tell if one side differs from the other
Good product for the price. It's meant for hair that's on the fine and dry side not for hair that needs a stronger moisturizing to it.
This razor does it's job. It's not as powerful as I'd hoped but it does what it's supposed to do.
At the beginning I was skeptical with the reviews of this eye cream but decided to give it a try and is worth it. This is a gentle eye cream that really helps with the puffiness this was my main concern in obtaining this eye cream and loved the dispenser that it's very convenient.
OK, in my opinion It's not the most beautiful style or shape as some of the other diffusers I've seen on the market ..I think this one looks a little like one of the lights on top of our local bridge. But that's just me - you might like it, or see it as looking more like a cylinder candle. To me it really does look like a bridge light. Good points - It's easy to use, it works just fine, it shuts off by itself based on a few different times you can set it for, and if you are into colored lights, there is a variety of them you can choose (or rotate) to suit your mood. It does the job.
NICE HAIR FEELS SOFT. IT DOES SHED A LITTLE AND SINKS BUT SMELL WILL GO AWAY AFTER 3 WASH. IT IS NOT AND NEVER TRUE TO LENGTH.
Seems like it's working, but whew! Tastes horrible in your mouth!
It is what I expected
I finally found an eyeliner that goes smooth and stays on the waterline! I have been looking a long time! Very nice, easy to use. The only problem, and it's not small, is that this product does not last long. What you see is what you get. Once the tip you see is down 2/3 of the way, it is unusable and you have to order another- and throw out the plastic (I am trying to decrease plastic waste so that's not good). I have had kohl pencils I bought in Istanbul that lasted for years. This is the same quality. I just wish there was more of it in the pencil.
My girlfriend seems to love this stuff. I tried it and it just smelled and looked like runny orange juice.
Even though I did probably everything pretty much wrong ( I ended up diluting the color too much, I probably should have gotten two bottles instead of one since I have long hair) I am still very pleased with the result. The product doesn't smell too strong and my hair definitely no longer looks yellow. If you have hair down to your waist I recommend 2 bottles instead of one so you can have enough color to avoid patchy results like me. EDIT: So I tried the product again and modified my method. Instead of one bottle I used two bottles plus approx. 4 oz of conditioner to that to dilute (NOT 4 oz per bottle but 4 oz for the whole 2 bottle mixture). Left it on for 1 hour and I am way more please with these results than the previous ones! It's has a *slight* purple tinge the less you dilute it but it's not too bad if you are dyeing on an ash blonde shade (my bleached hair level, the recommended shade is a platinum bleach to get a true grey color when you dye). This time it is less patchy too. Conclusion: for waist length hair, I used 2 bottles of the color and 4-5 oz of conditioner to dilute to get my desired results on my second attempt!
Very nice smelling bath bomb and its very moisturizing. Great customer service too. I had a problem with my order and the company responded immediately and fixed it. The earrings are way prettier than the picture shows.
Good product, worked well
I really wanted to find a product that whitens teeth without using the standard strips, so I was looking into charcoal powder and came across this. The color is a dark gray, and looks a little freaky at first but isn't messy like the powder plus it doesn't stain your toothbrush. The consistency is a more thin, watery feeling instead of the typical paste and foam. I feel like my teeth are fresh afterwards, but as far as the whiteness, I can't tell if I see a huge difference. They definitely look nice, and mostly white, but I wouldn't expect a dramatic difference the first few times you use it.
As described. Nothing more to it. Can't complain.
Highly pigmented! I love it
I am very satisfied with this item. My bottle although doesn't have the symbol on it but that's the least of my worries.
Great clippers they just don't come with the comb .
It's a good product. It not what I was specting. Too small, my fault.didnt read the product specifications. I can still use them.
Love the cleanser, but why would I pay $10 more than I paid just 3 months ago? And at that time the price had also risen from the last time I purchased, and the bottle size was taller BUT with a significantly smaller amount. I have been buying this for over 6 years. I actually just started looking around for something new because I refuse to pay $37 for face wash. Hello?
Cooling, helps relieve itching, softens skin.
Just a few drops and it's all good.
Purchased this for my sister who is a big aroma therapy fan. The beads are lovely and very colorful. It's definitely better worn as a necklace. If your wrist is on the smaller size you'll be stuck between twice wrapped being too big but not big enough to get the 3rd wrap around.
The viscosity of it is a little more fluid than i would look for in s builder gel but it works well. Very self leveling.
works well and does the job it's supposed to, feels sturdy.
It's a old school product and it works
It works great, after 1 moth still works really well with the original battery charge :- O
It is moisturizing, but i think it's a bit pricey compared to andalou which is another brand i use.
Light and smooth. Not greasy. Expensive!
Cute bag, fits all my make up, although I don't have much at the moment (concealer, 4 or 5 lip products, mascara, a mirror, and a brush for my foundation). Bag is smaller than I thought; it's already pretty full. I might have to get another once I get a few more items.
A lot of compliments
So if you wanna lock in moisture or freak out your ))SO(( than it'll do the job. I'm not sure if I have a small med or large face as there are no measurements but I'd say I am an oval face that's a tad over my BMI and it pulls a bit on my ears but it's not that uncomfortable so worth the few $$ for a hydrated face
They actually make a difference and they feel good too!
Very moisturizing, and good to give a little color to the lips.
I love this product just wish I had realized that it was testers before I bought it.
I love the flossing action and though it seemed big at first - it really was not hard to use. Easy to pack. I would have given a 5 but the small carrying case that came with it will not dit both the charger and the flosser. Either make the charger smaller - which would be my choice, or make travel case abit bigger. But as a flosser - it was great!
It doesn't make bun smooth and round unless you have a lot of hair. But works as advertised!
I need to get into a routine to get the most benefit from this but I can already see results. I alternate using an intense moisturizer one day and a wrinkle reducer the next.
It is an excellent magnifying mirror. I've had it a few months now in my bathroom mounted to the tile, it fell once since then, I'm guessing due to the steam accumulating on the tile but overall good product. Does the job just fine. Would purchase again.
I swear by this dry shampoo and depend on it somedays, I would always run out when I needed it most, so I decided to order in bulk from here to reduce the cost and have more on hand (win, win). The 4 star is for the fact that the only one they sold in bulk was this one and it smells funny. I feel like I'm 30 going on 60 when I spray the product, yet I will say the smell subsides some after a while. Needless to say this is a quick fix, wash your hair freshly before a date.
I have pets, so I love using this on my rug to freshen them up. I only gave 4 star because of the cost.
I have been using this product for years and have never had a problem but this most recent shipment smells like it's gone rancid. :(
I got this to wear as I am growing my hair out it is super cute and will look really cute on. It is a good length and comfortable to wear. Nice item.
They told me I could get a free one as a complimentary
Beautiful hair. My only issue was that it was itchy. I guess I'm allergic. Had to take it out early.
Gets Hot which I like but I feel like it doesn't straighten my hair to the extent that I need it to. I have thick hair
Super cute and good amount, wished it had better tracking
Loved the fact that this fragrance formula is true to the original. The redesign on the bottle is ok, but I was happy that Amazon stocks this oldie but goodie for me to enjoy. Thanks Amazon!
great quality- feels great for morning inflammation and sunburned face
The product application is easy and the detailed instructions are very helpful for a perfect application. I would not recommend this product for fair toned individuals - do a test area first!
I like how it really moisturizes your lips although it can be really shiny on your lips
Purchased this for my daughter. She has no complaints.
Light and shiny; a little goes a long way. Love that it's not filled with tons of chemicals!
Great Hair, Definitely 10A Grade
I think that it is kinda strange that you put a teddy bear button on this, when it is supposed to be for grownups. That is the only thing that I see wrong. If I had known that, I would not have bought it for my grown daughter.
I have done tones of foot peels in the past. This one by far has taken the longest to finished. I started it on Feb 22. I am STILL peeling. It is working, however it seems to be taking FOREVER! I think the value of the product is great. I would certainly recommend to others. My only advice would be NOT to do this during the summer. You will regret it. Unless you plan on wearing sneakers for a few weeks straight. I would try to use this in before you decide to bring your sandals out.
Item was as described. Slow shipping, but I didn't need it quickly. Great price!
It's nice to mix up your face masks it would of been alot better with one round and one square applicator instead of two square ones.
I work in the HVAC business and most of my cuts happen to my fingers.
For the price very good!
Got it today. For the people who write there are no instructions. Go to the description 2nd part they there. I have used different slim patches before. I hope these work for me better. I will keep you posted.
Smaller than expected but works well
I've used Cetaphil for years and am happy with the product. But when I ordered this multi-pack, the face wipe package arrived dried out. The seal seems to have failed.
Good coverage, but slides off easily.
Bought this as a gift for my mom who is in a nursing home. She said her teeth never felt or looked better! Also said it worked better than the Soniccare she used to use.
Nice leggings, but more like velvet than corduroy. Attracts lint and pet hair excessively.
Easy to use. 3 brushes to choose from is nice. Charger works great. My only reservation is that the brush only holds a charge for about 3 uses. Not a problem, just put it on the charger for a little while after using.
smells great and my heels are smoother
Haven't had a chance to use it much but it seems to be a reliable product.
Hard to find color here. A wonderful product and good service in its purchase.
I've used this twice, with no visible difference so far. First time was after a shower but I didn't exfoliate my feet in the shower. Second time, today, I did exfoliate and used this right out of the shower so I'm hoping to see a significant softness to my feet. I will edit this in coming days with more information as it becomes visible and available. My rating will change after that point.
Originally my sprayers were defective, but the seller immediately reached out and replaced with new ones. I love the sprayer, and that it's not just a single spray. I bought the amber color set for my essential oils. My only complaint is that they are fragile. I accidentally dropped one of the large bottles the first day & it shattered.
This is a lovely, fragrance free oil which leaves your skin very soft. However, when the order arrived it was missing a pump and a top that opens and closes. There was no way I could use it without running the risk of spilling a ton of oil since it only had a screw on top. Amazon refunded me the purchase and I re-ordered the oil. The next order came with the necessary pump and top that will open and close. Perhaps more attention to shipping is needed. That's why I gave it four rather than five stars.
Packaging was great, nothing spilled out. I'm pretty impressed with this product! Have used many more expensive brands & this one is actually better! Only gave 4 stars bc it can “ ball up” on your skin after a while if you don't rub it in enough. Otherwise it's great!
I give it #4, starts bc it holds creams and shampoo great but not oils :( so don't do oil specially if you are flying. Love it bc it can go in your carrying on. Bc of the wide mouth, it's easy to clean. Love the colors. It comes with labels so thats helpful. I do recommend this product. For what you pay and what you get, it's worth it.
I love both polishes. The matte is a little streaky but I still like it
Oh my goodness! Love the colors in this eyeshadow kit. It goes on very easy and washes off very well. I love the assortment of colors. You can mix and match or even blend the shades together to create a masterpiece. Getting another definitely once this is finished.
Good looking rubber mats. Also fits over factory inserts nicely.
It helps to moisturize and keeps it hydrated as sleeping pack but it has some artificial scent to it!
This product would interfere with my vision to the point I had to stop using it.
I only have 4 stars because I'm not using it like I should but from the first use I've seen a change. Will try to keep up
Very nice and easy to use. The scents are wonderful.
I like the organization included in the bag and insert -- and wish it had more! For example, I wish the insert that holds brushes had pouches for brushes on both sides instead of one side only. On another note, I am a bit concerned that the foundation compact I placed in the pocket on the inside of the lid had cracked the first time I pulled it out to use it. I'm not sure what happened to crack it. :( The mirror inside the compact was fine, so perhaps it's a problem with the makeup rather than the storage. Overall, I'm very pleased with this bag and recommend this to hold and carry makeup.
I think it's ok, it's the price she be less, or the bottle should be bigger, that's just my opinion, I'm trying some other ones to see which one I like the best
Pretty good for the price. A little too sticky compared to Bubbles Salon's Sticky Rice pomade (I think they're only in the DC area.), but this is half the cost. Not sure how this was one of the top listings for 'natural' pomade though from looking at the 5 lines of ingredients.
Love it and results!! Only thing is it was pretty messy
good product at a good price
This is my go to lotion for eczema flare ups for my toddler. I ordered it through Amazon for the convenience and would give 5 stars if it were priced to match the actual company's (Melaleuca Wellness Company) price for the product. It was convienent to receive it so quickly though. As with most products from Melaleuca Wellness Company, the longer you use it, the less of the product you have to use the next time. That only equals great value to their amazing products!
The size of the bottles are great for hot oil mixtures, but the bottles do not come with holes at the top. The little red caps snap on very nicely, but a person could be extra careful when sitting the tops down, because it seems that because they are so small and not tethered to the nozzle, it seems that the red caps could get misplaced easily.
Love this product! Mascara is now optional! My only complaint is that it doesn't last 90 days, but more like 30 days for me.
I'm not a fan of the scent and it burns my eyes when trying to remove mascara and eye makeup. Or really around the eye area. But it gets other makeup off fine.
I am a college student who's hair falls our and it extremely dandruff prone due to stress. I have tried a lot of products but this one works the best. I have been using for over a month and my dandruff is nearly gone. I started using it every time I washed my hair and now I use it once a week along with my regular conditioner.
Great curler. Still trying to get used to the handles. I'm used to putting my thumb and middle finger through the holes, but, since this doesn't have that, it's a little hard getting used to. Other than that, it's a pretty good curler.
It does what we needed it to!
NO COMMENT.... PRODUCT SERVE AS PURPOSE.....
just a little hard to unscrew
I really wanted to give this one a five star but certain aspects of the travel bag was an inconvenience. But to start... I loved the color especially being I have to match everything. And the thought of a rotational hook was great. The downside. The hook is really thin and seems a little cheep. It won't last long. The side pockets are nice but too small to fit travel size items.
Love this this work perfect for the dry skin that I have only a couple uses and I could tell a difference
I love the scent and it's very soothing, but it does seem to fade quickly.
Like for our homeless packs
I like the feel of this gel.
Very moisturizing. Great for dry skin. I have reordered.
I like the size of bottles because they are easy to store, and I'm new to making stuff so it's helpful to find which ones work for me!
Great comb, fits in the watch pocket of my work pants.
Great product. Definitely helps with hair growth
My daughter loves these little bath bombs. Smell is wonderful.
I applied this to myself before a trip to the zoo last summer and I apparently I didn't rub it in as well as I thought because I had sunburn everywhere the stick wasn't directly applied lol I've also used this on my kids since then and it is always effective!
The do a good job. They are a little hard to separate from each other.
I have been using this eye gel for enough time to conclude it does make a difference on undereye puffiness. A tip I learned is to apply it using your ring finger (this minimizes pulling on the delicate skin).
I buy bows for my daughter im always looking at different types of bows I thought these were really unique and cute my first opinion was unsure if I liked them until I did my daughters hair and put the bow in it looked really pretty and my daughter loves them so it's a win if you like glitter these are super glittery and the colors are so pretty
I would've given these 5 stars, however I found them a little hard to open and slide on your hair at the same time.
Great Product! Has helped me tremendously
I like the scent although it's on the sweet side. It works well enough for day to day activity like going to the office, but not well enough to be out in the heat or intense physical activity.
Bought this for my mother who has had some hair loss issues. It is really cute on her. The fit is a little large, but overall she is happy with this wig.
Good product. Seems to reduce swelling and redness of acne so far.
They work pretty well but I wish they were more triangular shaped to fit better in corners and edges. Once they have been used several times they can put smudges back on glasses so it's good they are cheap and somewhat disposable.
Love the curls and very little shedding. Will tangle a bit but that's to be expected with any hair.
I love these sponges they are the best!
Like the assortment of items. Have used almost everything in the case. Only problem is the size of the items as they can be difficult to hold at times but overall really appreciate having all the different pieces so I have something to help for ears, nails, and skin.
Glad I found them but a bit cumbersome and heavy. There really hold the hair.
Overall the paint does its job and for the money you get a lot. 12 stencils, 2 paint brushes, & 6 paints. I never tried the paint under a black light I just wanted paint that was bright colored. It takes awhile for the paint to dry but you need a few layers for it to be really noticeable. With the stencils this was really easy to accomplish. Freehand will likely be harder. In the end the stencils and the paint worked well for my uses.
I've been using this product for 40+ years. I'm happy I can still buy it.
1. I really like the feel of these pads. 2. The makeup applications is amazing, I feel like I was able to get an airbrush finish. 3. I was able to use them dry or a little damp. The only downside, it didn't come out as clean as I would have liked after washing. But, overall for the price I'll definitely order them again when in need to.
Product did not flake when used alone and smelt amazing. However it didn't keep the moisture in my daughter's hair for more than 6 hours, so moisturizer need.
I bought this because I was getting dandruff from another brand shampoo..This shampoo smells like motor oil, and it's pretty strong, so if you don't use condition after it you can smell it for a while. It worked for my wife as well. It only took a couple of uses for my head to stop flaking, and my head does feel refreshed the days that I use this product.. I will be purchasing the art naturals argan oil shampoo as well to try out. Thanks!
This is seriously the most convenient organizer I have! I really like the fact that it spins and you can adjust the levels on the sides. I was worried my stuff would all spill over whenever I spin it but to my surprise it doesn't at all. I am definitely ordering another one. They are much more convenient that the normal clear organizers you can get at Walmart.
This was a good product. Good size and nice cap to keep the latex from drying in the bottle. Careful around the eyes and nose, as it does have a fairly strong ammonia smell and made my eyes water. This is pretty normal for cheap liquid latex though, so I was pretty satisfied!
The colors are fabulous and shipped quickly. The product is however on the small size. They came in Born Pretty bags each with their own individual stick. I gave this a 4 star because they didn't have what colors they were
Great product! I have lash extensions and applied it occasionally.
I tried using this after a shower tonight with its default tip and it did remove some oil which showed on the inside ring of the plastic attachment. Despite using it on the highest settings however, there were still more than a few blackheads remaining on my nose and I had to go back to using manual acne loop tools to remove the rest. It might be useful as an adjunct but ultimately spending the time and effort with manual tools still seems to be the best method.
The smell is not good, may be i just dont like the smell. Suitable for someone who like to have strong .
The description states 2800 wt and it is actually 1800. Dries my hair faster than my old dryer
It feels well made and has held up so far.
Easy to use. Just be sure to open up your pores with hot water for a few minutes before use. It has helped my skin a lot. Glad I got it!
good price-couple bristles or so will come out. Still cheaper than oem
This mirror works, BUT you need to put a little soap on it and rinse it before you try to use it. Plus, it doesn't come with a suction cup and you'd better get a good one, but it's too heavy for a smaller one. With that in mind, you can buy it and be assured that it will work.
It is great for removing my makeup!
I'm satisfied with your product but one reason I cannot give it a 5 star because everytime I use it the hard part of the toothbrush hit my teeth it vibrates and shakes my teeth in a very uncomfortable way and it's very annoying. I like the fact that I can re-charge it via USB,very contemporary tech. Sorry for the delayed review because I needed time to use it and get used to it and also been busy. Thank you for your product! -- Dan
I didn't like bc the hair wasn't as thick as I would have like it to be. It almost felt like it was blended, I've had better hair. It wasn't the worst hair though. My stylist is a great stylist & was able to slay it like no other.
Arrived late, but exactly what I was looking for. I hope they work as well as I'd like them to.
I've used one prior bar of coal tar soap and these bars doesn't seem to have as much of the coal tar as the one other bar I've used. But if it keeps my skin clear, then it's okay.
I use this moisturizer every morning and it seems to help with my wrinkles. I have this one wrinkle in my forehead and when I'm using his consistently it is much less noticeable. The product is light and doesn't have a smell which I love. I took one star away because I feel being an anti-aging moisturizer it should have spf included. I know there is a version with spf but I did not realize until after I had been buying this for a few months. Sounds dumb I know, but again, I just assumed it had SPF already since it was anti-aging. I think for the price it delivers what it needs to without having to pay crazy money for the higher end products.
Keeps your hair soft but does not clarify or strip any oils from your hair so it doesnt really do what a shampoo should do. I like the conditioner so i kept it. Rigjt now im using it as a pre shampoo shampoo just to use it up. It Conditions your hair alittle so it does seem to help damaged hair that way. And yes it smells like cake batter my kids love the smell lol
Just started using this product. Not too heavy on the hair. In time hope to see if it lives up to its name.
Smells just like the real deal, except this doesn't last throughout the day in my opinion Avery nice for a quick lunch or a 2-4 hour event.
Great coverage for the eye area in addition to keeping shadows on all day and night! Smooths out any little crease, and brightens the entire area. A great way to start your eye makeup.
Nice inexpensive shaver. Not the closest shave, but good for money,
I've been using this kit for 5 days only, not long enough to see a ig difference. I do like that my skin seems to be rosy and maybe a bit more radiant.
I've only used once but plan to use multiple times next week and will update my review with pictures. But I did enjoy the first time use. Put them in the refrigerator and it was refreshing and relieving for my under eye.
Good quality. Stays on unlike others that I have tried.
Really cute cake pan!
You get what you pay for. This is a cheaply made product and there seems to be adhesive in the middle of the sponge causing both side to stick to the middle of it.
Would like it better if there were combs! I'm going to wear it at the back instead of front!
The unit I received is nothing compared to what is displayed in the picture. The hair is so much shorter. I am very disappointed. Aside for false advertising the length of the unit the wig itself is very nice.
It's really good product
They look good, but dont think I would be using them just cause I dont have the patience to do my nails
I'm using this on my brows, not lashes. It's been 5 or 6 weeks now. It's so easy to brush it on, which I do at bedtime. I can definitely tell a difference in my brows, so I hope it gets even better with continued use.
Grest rollers but taking off one star because there is no storage for the pins.
I rarely write reviews but I had to take the time to write about how wrong I as about Proactive. To start, I will say I have struggled with cystic acne since I started college at 18. I am now 23 and have tried every product people swore by. However, I try to be as homeopathic as I can. I was absolutely against Proactive solely because of their ingredients. My acne became so bad I figured I didn't have much to loose (expect my beliefs), so I purchased this. I did not expect to work as well it did. My skin instantly looked better after one day (2 uses, morning and night). Not only is acne 98% clear, my complexion and texture is drastically different. I rate is 4 starts instead of 5 because I fear if I stop using the product my skin will resort back to its horrendous state. I don't plan to use this product for the rest of my life, as it can cause underlying problems due to its ingredients. I will continue to use this product, but I also plan on incorporating some sort of antioxidant in my skincare routine. Overall, HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
Scent does not last all day, but it does smell good.
It can be hard to blend without being splotchy but overall the product is great! the bronzing colors are lighter in person!
It does what it says
My husband loves to relax in the bath after a long day and I'm constantly looking for things to make his experience in there better. This was the perfect gift for him! The pillow is super comfy and definitely more pleasant than the edge of the bathtub digging into your shoulders. It does slip around a bit, but is easily solved by just readjusting. I love how well it dries out after use and hanging up to dry. I was a little worried that it would be a mold magnet, but so far it hasn't been an issue. The drain cover was also a big hit for my husband. He was constantly complaining that he couldn't fill his bath enough without it draining, so he loves this and it works like a charm!
Very nice serum. Face feels smooth. Great value.
I thoroughly enjoy this product and think it works well for me. I'm a female in her 20's and I was starting to notice dark circles under my eyes, so I bought this product. Within 2 weeks I noticed a difference. My dark circles have lightened and my skin under my eyes seems tighter and more bouncy. People around me seem to have noticed as well because when I dont wear makeup I no longer get the, "you look sick/tired" comments! I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because I use other products in addition to this one which could be aiding its effectiveness. And also the fact that I'm in my 20's so my skin is *relatively* fine-line and wrinkle free to begin with.
My likes are that the wig wasn't thick It was very long like I like it And also the lace front make the wig look real a little. Dislikes are the center part wasn't long enough and that it tangle very easily l had to keep untangling the wig
Very cute case, not much protections and corner paint wears off quick
Not the usual gunk to begin with
Very well made brush but would have preferred stiffer bristles, perhaps at the narrow end.
Diffuses oil and water well, lights up attractively, has a convenient remote control. The wood grain pattern of the cover doesn't quite line up with the wood grain pattern of the base...but whatever. I like it.
Smaller than I thought, but that was my not looking at the description. Product is exactly what is described. Happy with it
I've only had it for a day, but already I'm in love. The instructions aren't the easiest but it's pretty easy to figure out. So far it does a great beach curl.
Firm bristle feel and I have experienced minimal shedding of hairs from the brush during use. The brush sits somewhat tippy on the wire holder, a more secure holder would be preferable. Only notable negative is that the bristles smell rather strongly like urine, hopefully the smell dissipates with more use.
I haven't noticed much of a difference using the vitamin C on my face. I've been using it about a month.
Loved the product, super easy to use and great for the price.
Smells good just a few squirts but on me didn't last all day
The product looks good and is soft, my wife liked it.
Was smaller than I expected I guess I read the description wrong but it's not to bad. Does the job and comes in very handy
It was a little sticky
Soap was purchased to help rid of insect infestation. Although soap does seem to help immediately following shower, insect infestation remains.
Works great - but be careful when you use it, it can pinch your hand.
Great price. This shampoo will give your hair a deeper brown color and camouflage some of those gray hairs. What I like is that this product is not like a permanent color that shows your roots when your hair grows out. I also like the subtlety.
Not bad for the price. Could be a little thicker. Kind of skimpy on the material. Overall happy with purchase though. Pre-teen daughter who is very picky likes them. Good assortment of colors.
Product is easy to use and doesn't cause irritation but it did not whiten my teeth after 1 and a half weeks of usage. I actually notice no difference in my teeth. After using, my teeth feel cleaner but they are not brighter or whiter. I was misled by the raving reviews that show pictures of dramatic before and afters. Again, this product did not make a difference in whitening my teeth while used as directed. I would not recommend it as a teeth whitening product nor purchase this product again. UPDATE: It DOES whiten teeth! It just takes longer than the suggested 2 weeks some folks are saying in their reviews. I've been using it for over 2 weeks and slowly but surely my teeth have become whiter.
They work, but original seem to have better removal. I would purchase again.
Good. Bristles do fall out, which just feels uncomfortable. But honestly, that was only the first 1-3 times. I have used it daily for weeks now and haven't found a bristle in a while. Comfortable for my teeth and eco friendly compared to other toothbrushes.
This product did not come with the T-pins as described everything else was there but that. Feel like a little bit of false advertisement but the head itself is fine.
Seems to be gentle and makes keeping hair on the rollers much easier.
This is the best pic I have before the hair began falling out. I did have problems with the hair but they responded right after my post and offered more than just assistance,Ann was great; she offered options to make sure I was satisfied. Thanks for excellent customer service, I'll purchase again in the future, thanks again Ann!
They're not bad. A lot can fit in them so Don't fill them to the very top. Warning: don't squeeze it because it will pop open and whatever you have in it will come out. Also they are a little risky to have freely in your carry-on. I recommend putting a piece of plastic on top before putting the lid on or taping it shut, or putting it with other things that can be easily cleaned in a plastic bag/Ziplock back
easy to work with and mold. good lasting hold and a great smell
This smells so good! Makes hair look healthy and shiny
This product is a great alternative to regular deodorants sold in stores. It smells great and lasts all day. My sensitive skin has had no reactions to the formula. I even think the darkness under my arm caused by the aluminum anti-perspirant in the regular deodorants is going away. I removed 1 star for the small amount of residue that remains under the arm from usage. It's nothing soap and water can't fix. But you have to scrub under the arms harder to get it all out!
Mine stop working after two months....The switch can be turn on and off but the pad is not heated at all. The company contacted me right after they found out mine does not work and promised to send me a new one.
this really does moisturize your skin very well. i personally didn't like the lavender scent but it's not bad and it definitely dies down in a short amount of time. even though the scent is strong, i would recommend!
Removes oil from skin even if you don't wear makeup. No face cloth needed
I always use a little of this and a little flouride paste together and I love it. I prefer the powder version of this but I've used the paste several times and it's cool too.
I had a crown come off and needed to fill the space. This worked till I can get to the dentist. It's been a month and no issues.
I love the beautiful colors on these bottles. It is a really good value and makes it easy to make rollers for essential oils. The rollerball is a little bit smaller that I like so doesn't get as much product without rolling several times, but that is no big deal. I really like that they included the labels. I have some that I bought at the store but these stick much better even when I got oil on one it still sticks.
Use it in my car for bird etc
I am a professional eyelash extensions Esthetician and this set works well. The only thing is the steel has a weird scent like a coating prob to avoid rusting. It doesn't open as wide as I would like for more control. I recommend it.
I have recently been buying the lipsense products through a friend. I love the color of this and the quality is the same however it has a few drawbacks. The first thing that it does not go on evenly because it's an opaque color and the second is that the lipsense products in general do not do well on myself. They dry out my lips severely and flake off my lips closest to the inside of my mouth if that makes sense. I will probably continue to wear it just maybe over another product. I know of many people who can wear lipsense products with no problem and if that's the case then I would definitely recommend this for you. And you can wear it over other solid colors and it will give it an opalescent look. Very pretty.
It's really hard to find matte eyeshadow, and I love every color in this palette. The colors are very subtle and natural.
You'll never need foundation again. I haven't had it long enough to know about the healing properties but so far this is the best cream with a toner in it I've ever had!
Looking for a good water proof that actually works. So far so good. Little clumpy put on sparingly.
This moisturizer is amazing and doesn't break me out. My only issue was with the packaging - or lack thereof. The moisturizer was basically just put in an amazon prime box, without the actual box it comes in from First Aid Beauty. Because of this, the outside was dirty. This feels really unsanitary considering the fact that this is a pump bottle w/o a protective barrier to peel off.
I purchased these bottles to use for depotting my own skincare and cosmetic items both for every day use and for travel. I am incredibly pleased with the bottles and pump mechanisms and have used them successfully with various lotions, serums, and foundation. I love that these make it easier to see how much product I have left and also get every last bit of product These are also significantly more hygienic than the jars and bottles than my items originally came in. My only gripe with these is that the lids pop off the bottles quite easily. I wish they were a bit more snug so I wouldn't have to be so careful when I pack them in a bag for travel.
Its a great razor, just doesnt get all my hairs. Maybe my hair is just too coarse.
Great wig! Sheds a little but Definitely my go-to wig! Comes with 3 combs that help for my small head and an adjustable elastic band. I love it!
I like the LED light but I wish it would be taller. Other than that, it's great
I dry brush my body and have had amazing results. I figured it would do the same for my face. I wet the brush as suggested for my first use and I did not like that. It was way too soft. Now I only use it dry. I started off and actually continue to dry brush every other day. The first few times my face turned burning red a few hours after the dry brush. This lasted for maybe 2 days. It felt like I had applied retinol to my entire face or got a sunburn. I kept going. I got a few pimples. I kept going. My pimples have healed and now my skin is dry and peeling in some places. Exact same reaction as I had to retinol. (Prescription retinol cream). I started to use argon oil on the peeling skin and that has helped. My skin is so soft and when the peeling settles down and it will my skin will be new and lovely. I no longer get red from the dry brushing and I am not getting pimples. It's probably been two weeks of use. I don't see much of a difference in my pores, (I have a magnifying mirror). My face feels tighter yet softer. My goal was to nix some of the slack in my skin and maybe help loosen up some wrinkles. I see improvement in my laugh lines but not forehead wrinkles. Pretty sure the skin is now leather on my forehead so that may take some time. Also gently working on eye wrinkles. The goal is to just get some blood circulation to that area. As a result my under eye area has seen less fluid accumulation ie bags. I love the idea and this brush is working well for me. It's the only Facial brush I have tried so I have no comparison. I think the stiffness of the brush dry is perfect. Wet it was too soft for my 45 year old weathered skin.
I wish it had a temperature control setting but I guess I should have realized that before I purchased it. Other than that it works really well. We'll see how long it lasts.
Does not seem very sharp.
The color doesn't really match my natural hair color but I can still use it for up do's to add more volume to my hair. For the price I think these extensions are great. Plus you can straighten and curl them. It does shed a bit so be careful when combing/styling.
Great! Saves the soap and is exfoliating.
Great but in a holder the bottom can get soggy.
Thankyou these tweezers are nice and sharp vary good for getting out ingrown hairs, pop pulling slivers and popping pimples
I really love this product. I only gave it 4 stars because of the expensive price; however,the jar is a very good size! This is not a product that you can use just once and expect magic results. I did notice my hair was a little more time after first use. It wasn't until the second week and using it 3 days a week that I saw the big change in my hair. I didn't have to straighten it to get a smooth look-- though it still wasn't that super sleek like I styled it but still pretty amazing for only blow drying. I do use a twist hair towel and leave it in over night. I also shampoo and condition my hair like normal in the shower before using.
Cute. Bigger than I expected them to be. Kind of hard for my 4 year old to keep on her head but she likes them.
I really like the shampoo and conditioner. Only thing is I cant get either pump to open. NEITHER ONE!
This is a nice set. I liked that you could use the brush on your back. Some of the bristles seem to be coming off a little bit so I gave this 4 stars instead of 5. Overall this is still worthwhile and good to use and good to give as a gift.
My husband loves this toothpaste and I was happy to find it on Amazon (after first buying it at TJ Maxx ). What I do not like about it are the shipping charges that just about equal the cost of the product. It is not a 'prime' product, apparently. Therefore, don't know that I will re order it.
This is a very good product if you are looking for a mild microderm treatment at home. It's probably not fair to expect a parlour quality but for the price and the time it takes to do this facial, it is absolutely great! It is my quick facial and massage therapy that I rely on when there is an important event to attend but no time for parlour. I have not had any rashes or reaction due to it so far. Make sure you don't overdo it - I have a very sensitive skin and I find once a week to be ideal.
The colors are vibrant and and very long lasting
I love this stuff it really gives a great tan, the best I have ever had.
I read after ordering that this product may effect my natural light blonde graying hair. My fault for not researching before ordering. Will give to friend with dark hair.
It leaves a squeaky clean feeling which I don't mind. Similar to Irish Spring if you've ever used it. The smell is what constituted the 4 star. It smells too much like an essential oil which I am not a fan of.
These seems to work. I need to give it more time. The problem is they don't stay on very long. They tend to slid off after a day when I put clothes on etc. I will continue to use because I have it.
This is a three in one shaver. It can shave your legs, ears and nose and eyebrows and/or bikini area. The different shaving heads are interchangeable. It charges by plugging into a standard outlet. It is used cordless. It is waterproof. It is easy to clean, just run it under water. Good for traveling too.
My wife was hoping it was a bit long and a little less curly but overall exactly what one would expect.
just what she wanted
It's a two pack. They fit nicely (got the medium) and I've used them twice. The second pair ripped really easily tho, so I wonder about quality control.
I needed 8 packs (picked up two packs of 1B from the beauty supply store) for my 12 year old. Hair had a chemical smell so please wash and let it air out before install. But my daughter loved it!!
Mat is not as cushioned as I wanted but price was right and shipping was on time
For one bottle of this I don't see why it would take more than 4 days. Unless you have the time to wait, I suggest buying from someone faster. I forgot I even bought this it took so long. It doesn't dry out my cuticles or dry up my skin like the remover I have now by Onyx. But it does take a bit to just remove a clear top coat. I had to re-dab about 4x to remove all the polish on my nails but definitely doesn't dry up on the towel quickly like the Onyx. I'll update my review when I've used to take off deep blue nail polish and glitter polish.
Wooden one snapped in half when I put it in my bun. Metals ones work great.
Will fog a lil n water spots are on it
Couldn't find in store, Amazon to the rescue!
this is a scent I grew up with so I LOVE it. Would like to see it in a spray. May transfer some into a bottle i have to see if it works.
4 stars because these are advertised as extra large, but they are kind a small. maybe large, but certainly not extra large
They feel soft and supple on your face, and you know that your skin is absorbing the moisture products that is infused into these because they shrivel up as they dry out. I never took before and after pictures so I wouldn't say I see any sort of dramatic difference but I feel like they were worth trying.
The eye mask feel cooling and great on my eyes
Medication caused very dry lips and I tried this lip moisturizer. It was good but still did not completely resolve the issue. Goes on very well and does not clump.
Just what I needed for my product, perfect size
I like this product! For the price I was really impressed it matched my hair color since i have a lot of different shades. It's easy to put in and wear. It is a tad heavy and gets a little tangly but if you run your fingers through your hair as often as I do, it's not really an issue. I haven't worn it outside really, just in my office, so weather could affect it. I also think it's a little long for the look I'm going for and might try to trim it. It does tend to shed a lot but since I got the product recently, I don't know if this will affect the overall look of the hair after a while. For the price though I'll just order another one if it does. One qualm I have with all pony tail extensions is I hate the wrap around part. I have thin hair and the wrap around part gets wrapped like 5 times to wrap it all which makes a huge knot looking thing at the base of my ponytail. I wish it was shorter, thinner, or just gone altogether with a different way to hide the track. it's hard for me to get the dang thing to stay bobby pinned down (see pictures).
When I didn't receive my package I contacted customer service. They responded the same day to rectify the situation. They shipped another one immediately. Now I just need to check the authenticity of it.
I just received this product so I really don't have any feedback on how effective it will be. However, I like that it's in a solid form which makes it easier to use than an oil. It does go on smoothly and absorbs quickly leaving my skin soft and moisturized. I hope it lives up to the claims I've read about coconut oil.
Its ok. I thought it would be darker. But I love it.. I am fair skinned so it works for me ☺ you cant beat the product for this price. It would prob be darker if i applied another layer but it starts to comes off in about 3-5 days. I usually apply one coat once a week. It gives me a nice glow.
Exactly what it says
Love the organic shape and wooden exterior of this item. It's cute, the led lights are fun, but it runs for about 3 hrs...would like it to go for longer, but a nice and inexpensive item anyway.
I have wavy/curly hair that can be oily at roots but dry at ends, as is common for curls. As a habit, I shower at night and let my hair dry overnight so it can be a bit frizzy by the time I get to it in the morning. I'm super low maintenance and can't be any other way, so I simply run a bit of this through my hair to smooth it out. It reduces frizz and keeps my hair moisturized without being greasy all day. Even if I don't wash my hair the night after using it, it's not greasy the next day. I love that it comes with a dropper! Easy to control how much I get out!! My only criticism is that it smells weird and unpleasant out of the bottle--however, it does NOT retain the weird smell once in hair so it's really only bothersome while getting ready and putting it on.
I don't always have the money or the time to go get my nails done, but I can usually find the time to do them at home. This does help dry them quickly so I don't mess them up. It is not noisy but it is bigger than I thought it would be. I can also use it to dry my toenails.
This product works well for people who sweat a bit but not so much for excessively sweating individuals as it should. This is a deodorant not antiperspirant. Smells awesome and for that is highly recommended.
This works great, but the little arms and legs become detached easily.
It works well with my detox program. Muscles and body feel much more relaxed after epsom salt baths. I have a general sense of improved well being. I'm very happy this is available in larger bags, as it's less expensive than buying them from the store. I like that there is no fragrance added, since most of the epsom salt in stores has added toxins like colorings and fragrance. The one thing the company could fix though is to advertise whether or not this has been tested for aluminum content. I hear that aluminum can be found in epsom salt sometimes, which is not good, as aluminum is toxic and accumulates in the body. No issues with torn bags during shipping as other reviewers have mentioned, which I am relieved about. I will keep ordering this product.
Used it to replace a dead Sonic Care brush--works perfectly; heads fit and so does the charger
This is one of my favorite brands due to the longevity and color of the product. It is no longer available in our area. So glad I found this online.
Worked very well to replace a tooth I lost. Save me 70 plus dollars at the dentist.
My granddaughter has long curly hair and this brush goes through it with ease
Ok for trimming not so good for shaving
Thought these were the bigger bottles, a little pricy for the size they are. But it's Dove which always leaves my skin soft. Scent is very light.
I'm a Neutrogena devotee and this is a good addition to my repertoire. It feels good while you are using it although the microbeads are a little odd and mean that I can't use it with my Clarisonic. My skin feels clean, soft, and comfortable after using it is effective at removing makeup.
My kids don't seem to mind the toothpaste. They alternate between this and Xylitol Strawberry.
This unit cost less than many of the diffusers I've seen. It works fine and the changing light adds a interesting touch to the room not to mention a light fragrance.
makes her look much better
that it is removable it is just a kid stuff
It's a good moisturizer for the dead of winter or those bitter cold months. It does leave some residue so be sure to spread the product out completely. It can be a little bit oily feeling in the warmer months because I don't need as much hydration. I like the smell but it is powerful for those sensitive to that sort of thing. I like to apply it at night so it doesn't mess with my makeup. Overall, a good product that I will reach for next winter.
I really like these guys. I have naturally short (Asian) lashes,and struggle to find falsies that don't make me feel like I have giant fans on my eyelids. Their short length works great for me. These are cheap with a solid thick black band, but if you apply on top of black liner, you're good to go. (I usually find thicker bands are a little easier to apply, at least for me.) I do recommend as cheaper falsies with great value. I will buy again.
Has a lot of space to neatly organize my makeup!
it is a great product easy to install great pictures quality
This is the second pallete I've had by this brand and I love both of them. They aren't really pigmented but for the price I think they are defiantly good.
Feels good n my 72 yr old face needs all the help it can get. Need longer use to see bigger benefits
Great for removing stubborn blackheads and pimples.
This stuff goes on smooth, and I liked that. But I got lemon grass scent, and I just don't like it. I wish I'd gotten the sample pack instead!
The smell of the perfume was good but it seemed to go away really fast.
I noticed a difference within only a couple days, but the strong smell takes some getting used to!
I love the style of these headbands! There's wire in the bows so you can adjust how they look which is also great. They made a great gift
These are easy to use and a better quality than my last magnetic lashes. You truly must practice a lot before you get the look you want to achieve. Overall a good purchase!
We bought this powder my mother-in-law she loves scented talcum powder like this it was a good value.
This is my first Sheamoisture mask, and I like it. It doesn't have a lot of slip when you apply it so you really have to work it int your hair to get the tangled out but it definitely leaves my hair soft and less frizzy.
This product works well for my husband. Unfortunately, in the last set I ordered one of the boxes was missing one of the bottles of solution needed to mix the color - therefore it was unusable. Since there are 3 boxes in the order, this was not discovered until after the return period (this was the 3rd box my husband used), so money was lost on this. Next time we will check the boxes for all necessary items as soon as they arrive.
I bought this shampoo because I was noticing a lot of hair in my shower drain. I've been using it for a few months and there is definitely a difference. My hair feels thicker, I see new growth, and there isn't as much hair in the drain. I definitely think it's worth trying.
Very floral and musky
I don't care for the color too much, if it had less yellow undertones I would be in love. I love everything else about it though, it lasts all day.
I've fallen in love with Calily products for their natural and cruelty-free products. However, this seems to have more ingredients I don't know than other products and has a light perfume scent that bothers my sinuses if I get a whiff of it from my finger or opening the jar. Otherwise, it seems to work well, my eyes are hydrated and there's no dark circles, even without much sleep. No breakouts or rashes, it goes on easy (a little goes a LONG way), it absorbs well, and isn't greasy nor leaves shininess.
This feels amazing when I put it on under my eyes. Not entirely sure that I can *see* a difference, but with 3 little kids and not a lot of rest, there is a lot to contend with when it comes to bags & dark circles! I plan to keep using the product twice daily and fully expect to see a difference in the appearance over time, based on how much better my skin in that area already feels.
This wig is fun, pretty and well made! I would definitely purchase another like this!!!
Bought this by mistake because is showed up high in the results when I searched for foaming soap refill. Similar look, scent, etc. Fortunately Amazon made it right but pay close attention when you're reading the description/ photos.
very good product for the money
The product smells gray and a little goes a long way. Haven't really notice a big difference with hair loss or growth.
Well I don like the plastic one
Awesome water flosser, but did not come with a cup that is pictured in the instructions. You will need to buy another piece or use a normal cup to operate. Also did not have plug for the wall, only a USB. Why have a USB? I had to use a plug from my iPhone
as advertised, loved it
Smells good and it's inexpensive
This glue is great and holds strong, but it dries quick so you have to work fast.
I liked these tiny razors. I used it for my eyebrows and i definitely liked it better than the other kind that are out there.
It was smaller than it appears in the picture- the packaging came damaged. The items seem to be intact. Its a xmas gift so I won't be opening it.
It is too soon to say whether or not this product will help with my under eye wrinkles, dark circles and bags. But I can say that I like the ease of applying the product onto my face, its smell and and its texture. It seems to have a good formula. Hopefully a few months from now I can say more about its ability to reduce the above-mentioned under eye concerns.
I noticed a difference after the first brushing. I would have given five stars but there was not warning as to how messy this product really is. I have moved from brushing in my bathroom sink to the shower because let me tell you it gets everywhere! But the mess is worth the end result. I can only imagine that the change I noticed after the first brush was great, after 30 days I will be beyond happy. My teeth were not badly discolored, but they were not the pearly white I would love them to be. Another thing I noticed is the charcoal stays under your gum line, maybe I brush too hard, so I make sure to rinse after the shower with mouthwash to get rid of the light gray color.
You get exactly what you see in the pic. The end of the hose is small for standard hair dryers but I made it work.
It smells good, I prefer lavender on my next order
Great for teenage breakouts. Very mild scent and helped my sons with acne who both have sensitive skin! Could be drying if used daily, would recommend moisturizing after.
Works great for those who may want to apply a leave-in conditioner over night. It is tight about your head so it did seem to give me a headache after a bit. The quality is great and pattern is cute.
I ordered a replacement of this after my first store-bought product ran out. It works well for removing makeup. This second bottle arrived with a broken nozzle that was unable to pump, so I just swapped it out with my previous nozzle.
Very very very small containers. But for the price you can't expect much more. Very cute contents though. Came in that little box so everything was intact.
I like the barber's feeling of using a straight edge razor on my face, so I want a straight edge razor. The razor made me feel good and it was easy to organize the beard.
Not too sticky. I am not loving the smell. Arrived on time!
So excited to receive these, but for the life of me I can't figure out how to wear them. There aren't any instructions.
This helps keep my daughters hair frizz free. It does leave a bit of buildup if you use daily but a good clarifying shampoo once weekly tackles that problem. Smells ok
I have used this product for years but this is the first time I ordered it online. The nozzle was broken when I received it and some product leaked out. I had to pour the contents into another bottle in order to use it.
I thought this mask is very enjoyable. I use it about once a week, and it makes my skin feel soft and fresh after I use it.
It does cover nicely. The color spots do not really seem to change.
I love this product as an alternative to hair gel that is full of harmful chemicals! I admit that it doesn't hold as well as the chemical products, but holds well enough to use on a daily basis. It is so worth the trade off! I feel better using the all natural aloe vera gel; also, may hair looks so much healthier since using this.
The changing colors are beautiful and the water reservoir large. My only complaint is, being a first-timer, I would have liked a suggestion as to how much essential oil should be used. Perhaps the more you put in the stronger the scent? That's what we're going for. A beautiful piece.
One was broken by delivery and very poor boxing
Very pigmented i use it as corner of the eye highlight and cheekbone highlighter I love it!
My eyebrows are almost nonexistent now that I'm older. This works better than pencils or wax with powder, and I love that it doesn't smear when you sweat or rub off by accident. Only thing is I can't decide which color to use, I have dark brown hair with some grey. The brunette is a little too light, although it does dry darker, and the dark brown is too dark. I'm on my third tube and I've decided to go with brunette, just wish it was a tad darker. Also I have trouble applying with the brush that comes with it. I use a little brush that I liked from another product to apply this.
Good and Gentile product for sensitive skin.
I bought it because of the Versace brand, its good but not exceptional
This is amazing! I saw results in just 6 days!
This is a very nice under makeup moisturizer. It works well as a night moisturizer too.
This curling iron works well - the lever mechanism is tight but not too tight and I always want one that turns off automatically. The wand part is smooth but is more champagne colored than the gold tone shown. You have to hold the power button (but it's not "really" a button) down for a few seconds to get it to turn on and off. This is a little irritating because it seems like I am always in a hurry and since it isn't a traditional button, you have to look for the lighted area to make sure it's on/off. However, if you didn't have to hold it to turn on/off, I think you would frequently turn if off while using by accident.
I think it's wonderful! Nice and smooth. Getting an other for my niece!
Nice product, good smell, but it didn't take my hair very well.
Rake combs are geared towards women/men who have thick hair or curly/textured hair. If you dont have one of the two then the comb is not for you. I enjoy this comb.
It is nice to not have to use a bulky towel to hold my hair up. I'm not entirely convinced that it lives up to all of its claims for drying hair, but I also have very thick hair so that may play into it. I still like it though so it's worth trying out.
Brush was softer then I expected, but I still like it.
Does anyone know how to check to see if all the cream is gone? When I push down, no more cream is dispensed. But if there's some cream left, how would it travel upward? One usually turns the container upside down to get the last remaining product.
They're pretty cute, and doll like, but they don't last for many uses without the band/seen breaking off. I liked them, and will consider repurchasing. I used mascara to make them blend a bit more. Overall pretty cute lashes
My hair is about two feet long and I have a pretty big head. A couple of the reviews on here sounded promising that the towel would be able to hold all my hair. Unfortunately, it does not. About 6 inches still hangs out (and even then that's not covering the roots of my hair very well). HOWEVER, it dries my hair REALLY well. Like so well, that the hair that doesn't fit in the towel doesn't bother me once I take all my hair out of the towel. I've only used it twice now, so I can't yet comment on if it is keeping my hair strong, but so far my hair doesn't feel worse. If they ever sell a normal size of this towel I'll definitely buy it.
This is a great product I buy it on a regular basis. It whitens & brightens teeth.
The nails were cut quality
Works great. I can't say if it's helped my face yet. So I will have to post in a few weeks later to give accurate results!
I like it as a lotion but its about like another other lotion. No noticeable changes.
Sticks like crazy, careful, sticks to your fingers. Mainly because there's no tab sticking out to peel off the back.
Using this at home to cut my husbands hair. It's very nice and neck size is adjustable with multiple buttons. Would def recommend!
This is a really nice masculine scent - impressed with scent. It is a nice addition to other aftershaves I have. The scent does not seem to hold as long as some other clubman aftershaves but it is still a solid aftershave and great buy.
They are too sturdy I cannot squeeze them to get any liquid out
I does remove dead skin although not blackheads.
Great item and great price
very easy to style and cut and no tangling
As described and great quality.
It was very thick density. It is similar to African American hair blown out, which is what I wanted, but at the same time I already have natural African hair (no chemicals) and so it was just similar to having my own hair, which doesn't help me save anytime. I thought it would be similar to my hair and easy to manage. I like the texture but wish it was not as dense and bulky. If extremely thick is what you want then get this. Shipping was fast and customer service seems friendly.
It takes a little getting used to but overall I'm happy with it.
These are really nice. They absorb oil very well, and the packaging fits nicely in even my smallest makeup bags. I really enjoy that you dont have to touch the paper with your hands. In mine, the mirror started to fall out but it easily snaps back in.
Doesn't coat as well as other colors, but still cool
I am an African American bold woman, and my hair grows curly. I have been bald for a year now, and I am a little obsessive about cutting my hair. I do not want a single strand on my head, so I press hard when I shave my hair using most razors. I have cut myself several times using other brands. This brand has been the best I've tried thus far when it comes to shaving with a 3 to 5 blade razor. I cut myself using other brands. (keep in mind I am still new to shaving). My advice is the moisturizing strip may not be enough to shave with just wetting the razor. If you have corse and thick hair, you may want to wet your hair to relax it some and use shaving cream. Whichever way you decide to shave, this has still been the best five-blade razor for me. I would recommend it. If your hair is thin and or straight, you could probably use this razor without shaving cream.
Chinese instructions suck but once you understand how it works it works very well.
It's not great but it's ok
Love the product. Only complaint was not much in the bottle.
Great value for two serums.
I waited awhile to submit a review because I wanted to be sure how I really felt about the product. It seems to work as well as my previous hyaluronic acid serum, but this one is thicker. After a month or so, it was so thick I could not use the eye dropper. I still use it; I just wipe a little off the side of the dropper. Other than that, I think it works well.
Worth the money. Tangles after a a few wears.
This is the second bottle I've bought. I like the way it softens my hair without being greasy and leaving residue. It also has a pleasant scent.
The color shows vibrantly but it's very hard to work with. I tried it in my hair which is very short and it had a firm texture. Tried it in my daughters hair which is long and it was again very firm so we brushed it out which took a long time and ended up loosing some of the color. Definitely wouldn't use this over the whole head.
It is a good product, everything is perfect except balm smell and the comb which was broken after 3 weeks of usage. Everything else is great.
Love this product. It did however arrive with one of the bottles having coming unscrewed and a significant amount of the shampoo having spilled in the packaging.
Great shampoo wish someone would have placed some tape over the opening I recieved less then half, but at least the package smelled great.
Good for grooming. Really don't think it helped the hair grow. Only thing that helps growth is not plucking for two months.
They are lightweight, sturdy and reusable. But, they are almost imperceptible. They look like natural lashes without mascara.
Really enjoy the flavor/scent. In case anyone is like me and don't use lip balm a lot, the shelf life once open is around a year. At that point it is like a soy glue stick.
Super easy to use for haircuts and short stray hair
I really like this system. It takes a bit of practice but once you get it down it's like a professional did theM.
I bought these off wish one time they sucked lol I'm happy I found amazon
I like it. Good size bottle.
Perfect to reduce dryness and easy to apply
It's ok, good for the money you pay
The box I'd beautiful and big enough for me make up and hair products. The only problem I found the lower shelf does not open enough to organize or fit other items. Other than that, it is a nice box for carrying. For traveling like flying you would need small bags for fitting a carry on. Or I guess if your good at organizing you could use it like a small carting on.
First tried liked a lot. Ordered again because shared with friends and family. Only wish could buy in multiples. And more scents.
Good quality. Just missing 1 hair jewel. Crossing my fingers she doesn't need all of them for prom.
Wanted a powdered highlighter. I'm fair skin with blonde hair. This is too dark for me. Might need a light shade of us fair skin buyers
It work great and my wife love it. Will buy again.
I like the size and magnification. The lights are very bright.
I was uneasy purchasing this at first because I had no idea exactly what it would do to salt and pepper hair but I must say this color is just amazing. I love how the grey takes and mixes with my salt and pepper hair, it makes it all look more of a solid gray tone. It also has a very pleasant smell. I also like the fact that i can wash it out when I don't want the color in my hair anymore. Its not like those semi-permanent hair dyes that linger in your hair after you wash it. So i gotta admit its pretty good and will definitely be ordering more.
Very smooth, too smooth in fact! You would have to be extra careful as this product makes razors slide right across your skin. I have nicked myself a few times because of it, but it's a good product and I'm glad to have it. Leaves skin feeling nice and smooth almost like applying body cream.
Absolutely LOVE this mouse!!! I'm a senior analyst and I'm at a computer all day. I was starting to get pain in my wrist from using my normal mouse. After this new mouse, my wrist no longer hurts! It's a little bit of a learning curve, but it works amazingly well. (May not be related, but the mouse sometimes needs to be disconnected/reconnected because of ghost clicks, mobility. However, I use a dock. So, that could be causing the connection issues).
This came in A-1 condition - THANK-YOU! A little too sticky for me...
Favorite non-toxic deodorant that actually works! While some of the homemade pastes I have tried do the trick, application is sticky and messy. Also, sometimes the paste formulation causes minor irritation in my armpits. And most of the natural deodorant sticks I've tried have not been to my liking. This smells great, rolls on easily, no sticky or white residue, and keeps me smelling pretty fresh. If it is an extra stressful or rigorous day (full on hike), a little BO might break through, but for a regular day this stuff keeps me smelling clean.
I just got my Renpure Biotin and Collagen shampoo last week. I suppose there hasn't been enough time to notice a different, but I'm still loving the product. To start off, it smells great!! In addition, i paired it with the conditioner, and it makes my hair so soft!! I have extremely thin hair and although I haven't noticed a difference in thickness yet, my hair isn't flat and feels a lot healthier. I will update my experience with this great shampoo. The product was delivered on time but the pump was broken. I had no problem with receiving a new one. Would recommend!!!
I'm not sure how great it works because it wouldn't fit on my dryer. I still somewhat managed to use it but disappointed it didn't fit.
Love this wig!! Very little shedding and it very soft. I had to color it and the color turned as very well. Color didn't take long to reach desired color. I tried using a spray solution of water and conditioner but once it dried, it look dull so I used a spray activator. Curls are nice but I would have preferred them to be a litter looser. Overall it's a great wig.
bought the wrong product. need glycolic face wash. I discarded it instead of returning it.
One is glittery, one is matte. I love them. And you can't beat the price two for one.
Fine headbands - only wish the material they were made from wasn't so slippery. I have very fine, thin hair and an odd shaped head and the headbands start traveling and sliding over time. Someone with normal thickness hair or curly hair (or a less oddly shaped head) probably wouldn't have this problem so no fault of headbands - my hair is the problem. The headband assortment was colorful and varied and fit well and was cute - I still use them to keep the hair off my face when washing my face or when putting eyedrops in. Would buy again as a gift for someone with thicker hair.
Color was more red tone than burgundy but good palette to have
So far so good, no complaints at all. And I like the fact that it is rechargeable and not have to deal with batteries.
I love this product. It does what it says but also it stains everything it touches. Esp my bathtub. Its very messy..
The bristles are firm enough to straighten my beard hairs, which are thick and unruly. But, because they're boar bristles, it doesn't scrape or hurt my skin at all.
Fits a lot of the makeup and brushes I use! Lots of room
It basically shoot a small spark that slightly burns the target area. Gets hot and feels like a burn afterwards. Uncertain if it works, only used a couple small times and couldn't see any difference.
My daughter said that works perfect
It smells GREAT. Can't wait to use it. I give it 4 stars for uneven bars. One is visibly smaller that the stated 4oz. Simple product control flaw.
It doesn't come with a powder poof or anything. It's all over the place but the results are really nice! It should last me a really good while.
It didn't really smell like Paloma Picasso but I mix it with my perfume J'adore and it's great.
Theyre pretty just like the pic... but they are smaller than i expected...
Ok for a full size flat iron. I was really hoping to find a case for a mini flat iron. Ok for now.
This mascara works really well if you apply two coats. It doesn't lump up and does give your lashed definition and length.
I love, love, love this toothpaste and packaging. I cannot find any other toothpaste that tastes and works as good as David's and with the recyclable packaging. The only reason I have given this product four stars is because the shipping is expensive - I can't find any other site that will ship this product for less, though.
It's a tad harder to hold and spray than I imagined. Takes some getting used to. Else is good with two options - spray and stream. The amber color is good. The product is as advertised
I like the texture of the brush
Good all over color but does require reapplication if you want to maintain any sort of volume. Color lasts fairly well though.
Bought the green to cover redness. Does cover a little, but it's fairly shiney, dont like that.
a good peppermint taste and smell, but doesn't burn...hydrates pretty well. this is my go too for everyday/night lip balm.
Havent had this very long, but loving it so far. Seems to be well made and cuts right now. Really easy to use and fits in the hand user friendly. I recommend. 4 stars cause nothing is perfect.....
I especially like that this product is in disposable pads verses just a liquid. It is a little strong for my skin type so I only leave it on for a couple hours then wash off.
This product works pretty well. I usually use the lotion self tanner and not the foam but it worked better than expected, but it only lasted about 3 days tops
Not as easy to remove as I'd hoped for.
I do like this product, but I thought the brush included would be easy to use for eyebrows, but it won't fit in the opening of the container, so therefore is misleading to send along with this product.
This product is working pretty well the puffiness is gone, the dark circles I fee have started to go away but not completely gone. I would for sure buy this product again.
Liked a lot..will buy again!
My wife made me buy this rediculously price product ... she was right ma baby smells like awesome !
Doesn't work as well is I had hoped it would
Smells good, makes me smell like somebody else lol
This product works well but does not smell like cherry at all.
Small and Easy to use.
Works well its just a bit messy
This never lets you down!!
So far it is appearing to work not as fast as I had hoped.
I thought I ordered the biggest size? It is still way too little. The idea is good and I had to cancel but I'm not sure cause the manufacturer said they would work with you on additional foam. Maybe I will line that up . I love the gel fill they us because it's not solid memory foam which gets hot! I wish they would make a mattress topper out of their blue gel foam. Memory foam gets too hot so the blue foam would be perfect.
This is very handy and useful comb
This is a perfect drill for beginners. I woukd suggest purchasing additional drill bits and watching the how to videos.
It works but there is a strong smell that will not go away.
The hair is very good , but it does tangle up fast and sheds when combing it . Although it is a synergistic lace wig so of course it tangles up but overall i was impressed it made me feel as if I was beyoncé lol . I cut it to the length i like because it was too long on me since i'm short lol.
Not heavy nor greasy. Really pleased with the product.
I liked it although it smells more like melon than citrus,good value.
I was amazed that it worked to well right away. I am concerned about replacement razor heads (or the lack of them).
The quality of the set is real nice and the case. Package arrived on time. The actual box that the kit came in, looks like it was used. Overall nice.
I bought these scented essential oils for my grandma who is absolutely obsessed with them. She loves trying new brands and compares the scents to other brands. Overall this set of 6 bottles does the job really well. The Vanilla is her favorite out of these but they are all pretty good and lasts a good amount of time.
I like this wig but it's not nearly as full as the pic even after combing it out.
I love this little gadget. I am so glad I got it. It does the job. I've had it for about a year, I think, and I haven't had a need to replace the batteries. I don't get it wet though, so I think this is the reason it's lasted this long. It's small and can get the job done. No snags, no issues.
Not much to say but that It's a beautiful wig, it does get tangled fairly easy, but that's cause it's a long wig, It's kinda thin at the top where the bangs are, so if you style the bangs a certain way it'll show the wefts, The headpieces it came with are super nice! they are a bit tricky to put in at first, but you'll start getting used to it, Overall I do recommend it
Shaves great and quiet
Mine has a nice orange color, which I've read is the goal, so i got a good one! I was nervous with people saying they got ones that weren't very orange at all, but mine even tints my face orange for a few minutes as it sinks in. I made a diy serum with it and have loved it so far with my oily acne prone skin.
They are extremely stiff upon arrival and tight around my head, I still love them and wear for a whole day at work though because they are super cute and always wear a headband if my hair is up.
I love this towel! However, my hair is an inch or two below my collarbone when straight. I can't imagine it would work for anyone whose hair is a lot longer than that. I'm new to taking care of my newly-discovered curly hair and I got this towel because of a suggestion by the curly haired community. It does a really good job of getting the moisture out of my hair after a shower without messing up my curls. It is a bit small though so I've found that I have to tuck in the end of it under the part at the nape of my neck just to keep it on my head.
By the end of the day the “Hold” is gone
Didn't need the ball, but it's kinda interesting. The gel separators are very soft and comfortable and stretch the toes without over-stretching.
Slightly difficult to use. The large needle is the easiest to use but only 1 Is in the package. I've been able to remove several spots. It takes a little longer for them to disappear but overall a good product.
This product is really good. Taste great in coffee.
Shampoo and conditioner both feel great on the hair and scalp! Nice scent. Great for processed hair.
Purchased after reading reviews. I am impressed with the results. I have been using for 3 months now.
Works well. Product description on Amazon website should be updated to note what the power supply is (110 or 220 volts, dual, etc.).
Slimy just like you would expect. Cool and soothing but not real happy with the shape/fit on my lower eyes. However, I could have a rare shaped undereye area??? I do like the feel of the product on my skin.
I feel like the toner wears off or fades a lot but other than that it was great. My hair is slightly yellow again despite purple shampoo but not too bad
Seems to work good. Hard to tell if I see a difference. I wear it everyday, put it on in the morning.
They are great for fresh mouth. The freshness doesn't last as long as they say, but there still good.
This razor is great for determining if shaving with a straight razor is for you. The quality is fine and the razor is inexpensive. I'm really glad I started with this and not a Dovo or blade of similar quality and reputation, even if I eventually purchase a such a blade.
It's a fantastic curling iron, the only thing that I have an issue with is the tip you hold it is extremely small and burned my fingers a few times till I adapted to the size.
I've had these for more than six months before getting the nerve to try them. I put the booties on & propped my feet up on my bed with a hand towel underneath. When I use the second pair in a couple of months, I'll be sure to sit with my feet down & on a rug I plan to launder right after. The smell lingered on the hand towel in the hamper until the next laundry day a week later. Also, the tops of my feet burned, but I have a neurological issue that causes very sensitive skin, so I'm not surprised about that. I took the booties off after about 40 minutes & figured I'd wasted my money. I didn't think anything would happen if I cut it short. And nothing did happen for the first three, four, five days. On day six, they started to peel, and whoa! I still have a little callus on the back of my heel, but it was thick & cracked and had been for years, so I'm not surprised. Really, other than the smell (I'm very sensitive to odors), I am thrilled. I wish I had the option to give them 4.5 stars.
Does not need to be applied but once every 2-3 days, depending on how light or how dark you apply it and how much moisture it comes in contact with. showering or swimming does not remove it, and washing face does not remove all of it, it really stays on, I took off a star for what I deem as the wrong brush on the end of it, it should either be shorter or made different or not at all, but this is not a deal breaker, I will continue to order these; the color is exact, no irritation and very easy to apply and make your own design,
Nice tats but too expensive for a one time use. Oil wouldn't take them off prepare to wear them for a while!
Received with 2 broken bottles. My purchase was refunded.
They were as advertised but took a while to get to me. Probably because they came from clear around the world. Good product though.
My doctor told me to use this. His exact words were it's going to "burn a little". Little my foot, it burns so bad you will be thinking mercy how in the world could anyone tell me to use this stuff. I did it anyway and the doc was right, it worked. Just know it's going to burn. I don't think you get use to it. It burns every time but I think your mind tells you suck it up where eventually it seems to not be as bad.
Awesome! This is so cool, it's just how I saw it on YouTube and it came even earlier than expected. I haven't used yet though but I am giving four stars for its beauty alone so if it works perfectly, I will come back to give a five stars. A friend saw it and has asked me to order one for her, hope it works well to save me from embarrassment
I have very thick/big hair, so a hair stylist friend recommend these. Pretty cool! Lots of options! Even works well in really smooth/thin hair. Loses one star because one broke after about 10 uses.
Brush is very soft, Cleansing Brush is easy to hold and easy to use with timed programs. Nice product!
This is a great leave in conditioner. Especially if you have ever gotten a perm which dries out your hair too much. This product helped to repair my dry hair.
I suffer from eczema year around. This soap has decreased the appearance of the redness, however, there is still a bit of dryness. Although, this product has worked the best out of any product I have tried.
the product is great. so sorry to say there must be a small puncture at bottom of bottle because inside of wrapper of bottle was all wet. I did not want to go thru time consuming process of returning this item. will transfer contents to another spray bottle. also, my daughter wanted to use the product as soon as it arrived. she is very happy with it, especially the coconut scent.
It's very nice and dishwasher safe btw but if your mask is thick at all don't bother using this it'll slip right off, and it's a little hard to get into the nose area
I was sent here by my dentist. Popcorn kernels were getting the best of me. This little baby has enough force to get those hard to reach pieces of filth and make your mouth feel like.. Orbit. Also, it isn't as noisy as I thought it would be.
Masks are great but buyers beware....some of the samples they send as freebies contain parabens... see photo
It isn't perfect. I wish it was a little bit bigger but I like that it gets between the toes.
I liked the product. 4 stars because I found it hard to fold it back :)
My sagging cheeks look tighter and it feels great on my face. I guess it's working.
Went perfectly with my costume! Wish it had clips on both sides as I had to keep adjusting while I was wearing it.
These work; nothing special. Just the straightforward, basic razor blades. They work fine though they seem a little rougher on the skin that I remember when I last bough blades.
the bristles arent as soft as my old tooth brush but its still a good product. lasts a while!
This is not the original formula but it works better it you use it as a deep conditioner and put on a plastic cap and sit under the dryer for 15 minutes.
I've used this religiously for 1 week and have not noticed a difference in the whiteness of my teeth. I will use all four pens and update my review. I'm changing my review from 2 to 4 stars. This does work but it works very slowly. I am definitely noticing after almost 2 weeks that my teeth are whiter. The trick is to dry your teeth before applying and try to keep you lips away from your teeth for as long as you can so that the product can dry on your teeth. Do this right before going to bed to get the best results and with persistence and patience you will see a result.
Kinda stings in the eye when infected. I have been using this every morning once a day but not regularly, and I do see a difference in my lashes. They do appear longer, but not thicker and its not a huge change.
Works well, the scent isn't great but it's ok.
Bottom Line, this product will remove your skin tags. However, there are some things you should know up-front. 1. Using the toothpick as an applicator is useless. The toothpick can't retain enough of the liquid to do an effective job. If you want to take months to slowly reduce the size of the skin tag, this may be effective, but I wanted mine gone and improvised ways to apply more. 2. Be warned, if you do want to apply more than a toothpick-tip-worth of the remover, it will also get on the surrounding skin and cause a nasty looking scab. I had a tag about half the size of a pencil eraser on my forehead and it is essentially gone after a week. However, the in-between states were not nice to look at so just be aware of that before you use on exposed areas like your face. Overall, I would recommend it. Not sure if the tag will come back yet or not, but the product served its purpose.
This product is ok if you use sprays, mousse etc because it will be a little stiff in your hair
Shipped and arrived as expected Purchased these to complete my look for a costume party They were a tad tricky to apply at first ( had to try multiple times to get them lined up) but once I got the hang of it- it was simple They stayed put for the evening and easily removed Love that they are reusable and came with a handy compact for safe keeping and storage
Unit arrived quickly and in tact. I have used it twice and I do notice improvements in the fine lines around my lips. I use coconut oil on my entire face and the different sized attachments to different areas. I am starting out on a very low setting and will increase the more I use it. Takes a little bit of getting used to but that is expected and I do not expect overnight results. I only rated a because I haven't used it long enough to rate higher.
Very pretty just like the photo! My only 2 problems (which I don't really mind) are that one of them is loose and not sturdy. The other problem was some gems randomly fell off, it came that way. As I said I do Not mind these small problems. I am very satisfied with my purchase.
Love. Great product. Highly pigmented. Great morphe dupe.
Didn't realize that there was a Mini Denman until I got mine in the mail. Planned on returning it but can't so I'm stuck with it. I have 4B super thick hair and this brush works fine for it, as does my full size denman. I only left off one star because of the size of this. If I had a child, I'd use it on the kid's hair.
Works wonders for cuts
Good product, brown was a little off on color
Nice quality a bit hard to spread but overall I'm satisfied.
These were very good scrunchies! I didn't get exactly 40 scrunchies but I got around 39 scrunchies! This is a very good product to use
Nice and soft. Long and though not super thin definity wanted thicker. Perhaps 150-160 due to length. Had to pull it all forward when posing for photos. Look at photos. When all pulled forward, looks great but look at the one photo where not full, looks like one long curled piece with the shorter hair not covered. Holds curl well. If using to add volume- great! If you have shorter hair, may need more grams but I did wear as is, trimmed- and did not look bad, just not full enough for me. Auburn is a true auburn shade.
Is good product working good!
Even though there's a bit of a learning curve, this product is great and will save me a ton of money from having to go to the salon. If the instructions had given a preferred temperature range and some hints and tips, I'd have given it 5 stars. Even with that said, you can't beat it for the money and it does do what it says it will.
I discovered blobs of dark brown matter in one of your 8 oz bottles. You did replace it, but I would check and find out why this happened and make sure it does not happen again. I have been using the product for years and it is helping my psoriasis.
The shampoo is a bit watery but I love the smell. The conditioner works well to moisturize and help untangle my hair. I'm happy with the product and would probably buy again!
Works but messy and greasy
Small enough to fit in my makeup bag. They do a good job.
I use about half of the packet per 32 oz. cup. If you us more, it is too much. Half packet per 32 oz. seems just right. Flavor is good.
Love this hair so much . it's soft feel like human hair . the only problem is its thin .
Well-made, soft but sturdy. It's narrower at the top and widens at the bottom to accommodate a fair amount of makeup. I was looking to replace a makeup bag that had upright slots for brushes, liquid foundation, mascara, and side compartments to keep everything from being loose in the bottom. While I don't like having to rummage through everything to find tweezers and sharpeners under the eyeshadows, foundation and blush loose in the main compartment, this bag has enough pluses -- its modest size being a big one -- that I kept and recommend it. After a year's use, I am frustrated with the bag as the fabric is so slippery and the straps on the lid so loose that everything on the lid falls out of the bag. From the image and description, I'd hope for a more functional makeup bag that kept items in place when traveling.
I recently had my bleached blonde hair dyed copper, and quickly discovered the joys of reds and color fade. This shampoo in Liquid Copper is *amazing* at color deposit; family and friends noticed the color boost after 1 shampoo without my mentioning anything. After 3 shampoos, I liked my color better than my initial salon result, which wasn't quite copper enough for me! The compliments keep coming on my color. The product itself looks solid orange, but the result is amazing and natural, not bozo the clown. However, it's extremely drying when paired with my usual conditioner (Matrix Smoothing), and manages to make my hair flat, dried out, and somehow a bit greasy looking at the same time. Because my hair is already damaged, YMMV if you have different hair. However, I still LOVE this product for the color deposit, and am going to experiment with different conditioners to see if it helps. All in all it's worth it, and I will keep using it.
My order arrived days after it was due to be delivered, because I never got the first shipment of oil although the shipping status said delivered. The tea tree oil was reshipped, and seems to be of an acceptable quality. I think I like the "Desert Essence" brand better.
These really work and not notable. The 1st tune I tried it, I forgot to remove the other double sided sticker and all I seen was a white line. I almost returned them. Then tried it again and figured it out! They're great!
A little too expensive and could come in a larger, money-saving size. Otherwise, I love this stuff. I save it for days when I want to feel more invigorated. The scent is androgynous, but just a little feminine, but very strong. Makes me feel very clean.
I really like this. It holds a variety of different sizes of essential oils and it contains a large number of compartments compared to other products i looked at.
Lot of compliments everyday, good value for the price.
I have seen a improvement in 2 days. My skin was slightly darker under my armpits. I would shave but it didn't really look like I even did because of the darker skin tone. This has really helped lighten up my under arm and gave me a confidence boost!
But you better get a numbing you won't be able to do it with out it
I received my toothbrush yesterday, plugged it in and used it before bed. My mouth felt super clean, like I just left the dentist. The 30 second per side feature is pretty cool, once you realize whats going on. When mine stopped the first couple times, I thought it was defective. Nope. Turns out, thats whats supposed to happen. After 2 minutes, it shuts off completely - now you know you're brushing long enough.
I'm putting 4 stars as I haven't seen product results yet, I've only just received it. I just wanted to mention the scent! I've always used cocoa butter as my lotion of preference, but this one smells so much better. It's a more sugary sweet smell, more similar to a hot cocoa drink, than cocoa lotion. Love it! Will update this review once I've used the product long enough to see results
These fit my Oral B toothbrush perfectly. My only criticism is that I feel the bristles are a bit in the firm side (there is no designation of bristle strength on these). Most dentists recommend soft bristle toothbrushes for everyone, so you may want to go easy with your brushing pressure.
its tiny but comes with whats promised :) but the makeup shatters easily I put my brush in and it all cracked
Still afraid Im going to cut my face in 1/2 so I havent used it yet. But it looks sweet.
This facial silicone cleaner is a new concept for me. It has a USB cord with it to charge it. But it comes charged up. I am still practicing to be efficient with this cleaner. I get a mini massage while washing my face! And it is easy to clean and get the soap and make-up off of the brush.
I really like this system. I basically went from never wearing foundation or this kind of makeup (just loose powder when needed) to airbrush makeup. I did some research before choosing this system/brand. Although others may have rated a bit higher in certain areas, it wasn't by much, & this one definitely was the best that also was cruelty free, which is a must for me. It is really easy to use & like anything new, does take a little practice. I wanted something simple & easy to use; I didn't need or want anything with too many settings, & this system gave me exactly what I wanted. Trust the instructions that less is more & I think you will be happy. The only negative is some of the makeup it comes with I will likely never use as they are not my color, but someone w/more talent, experience or patience might be able to mix the colors. Definitely happen I purchased this.
I liked the quality of the product and packaging. Perfect for gifting. However i found it hard to cut the toenails. Could have been even more sharp in order to use on hard nails.
this is very similar to the revlon hair dryer i assume. i havent purchased that one since this one had a coupon so it ended up being more affordable. i like how light weight it is and it does have 3 heat settings. beware that the top of the barrel does get hot and the air flow is not the most powerful thing. i mainly wanted this to dry my bangs but it didnt give them the volume i get when i use a round brush, so maybe im not doing the right technique but it does give your hair a nice smooth dry almost as if partially straightened. if thats your cup of tea i definitely recommend.
The color of this is a very dark copper metallic. It is not a matte dark brown.
Great smell. Do not use in hair if you don't want to appear greasey.
My only complaint is that i was under the impression the bottle would be a little larger. But the delivery was fast and the Seller included a bonus fragrance for me to try as well.
These are great but the pieces are so small we lost a few down the drain. Kids loved them.
Looks real from far away! Light and delicate like the real thing up close. Really excited to see how it looks with my wedding dress for our beach wedding.
I would say the only thing I don't love about this is that it does make a bit of a mess (but that's to be expected). I had first purchased their powder and liked that a lot, but this is way more convenient (and a little less messy). This stuff is really amazing, though. I always see results!
The hold is great on this product. I'm natural and it is the best I've had in an edge control product. A lot of residue is left behind, though, so this is better for someone who washes their hair frequently.
Other than taking a month to get delivered, they are very nice emery boards.
Shampoo works very well, packaged very well
I bought this product to target my stubborn closed comedones on my chin. A little goes a long way, I use it at night because it's photosensitive. I saw a small improvement in my closed comedones. I liked the product so much I encouraged my sister to use this product to and she saw a quick reduction in her active hormonal acne in about two weeks using it one nightly.
Once you get the hang it it makes a good and sturdy French braid
IT'S GOOD TO KNOW I HAVE TWO YEARS PROTECTION, BUT I HOPE I NEVER HAVE TO USE IT!
Staple for daily makeup routine
First time user and I feel this was a good product. Thank you
Does the job to cover the gray but don't scratch or touch head where applied as it will leave you with hair color from stick. It can leave hair looking oily if not blended well.
Initially, strong alcohol odor that dissipates soon, allowing the honeysuckle scent to come through.
Have a niece who loves cactus . Will be a gift for her graduation trip. Hopes she enjoys
I live in the desert and I really like this for an all over lotion. It absorbs well and keeps the skin soft and supple.
Better priced than many in its class but again, this is a product that is NOT fibers it is dust and rubs off on anything you lean against when you apply enough to really cover. All of them do, and this was no exception. Needs to come in larger container options.
If you are looking for a present for your man these Holidays or just to be nice this is a wonderful scent...It is not overpowering while having a very pleasant scent for a man..Lasts a decent amount of hours while going on smooth .He will love you for this even if he has a variety of colognes like i have because this is a unique spray..Do yourself and that special man a favor...
This product is awesome for wearing various ponytail styles. You have to follow the directions provided with the product to avoid snagging your hair when tightening the hairband. Unfortunately I only had a few weeks worth of usage before the elastic began to get worn out.
I love essential oils I use them often. This is a good set it has a nice variety of scents. I do think they smell nice I like all of them they are all very pleasant but they are strong. I would recommend starting with only a couple of drops at first I used five and it was way too much. These should last a very long time the bottle is a good size and the price is great! I read another review that they leak and I don't see how the lids are thick plastic and screw on nice and tight. In my opinion they are a bit strong but others may love that. Once I got the right amount of drops right for my liking I enjoyed the aroma it filled the room with. Lemongrass is my favorite!
Currently have this diffuser for about a month now and it gets the job done! The oils they come with smell great and fill the room with a pleasant aroma. Would buy again.
I bought this for product for two reasons; 1) Because the reviews and description said it was good for oily skin, as I have, and 2) for anti-aging benefits. While I do agree that it has helped keep my oily skin balanced I do not believe it has done anything to help with anti-aging. I will continue to use the product though because I do like how soft my skin has become and it did not cause me to break out.
Cleans off the grossest film you can think of on glass. May take more than wipe with severe films, but it does remove them.
I was disappointed that these were a jersey material with a wired bow design not bandana material. They are a little big for my head but they are cute and comfy.
Pros: It works for sure. Cons: 1. it's pretty much abrasive. So, be careful, don't press your toothbrush too much and don't spend more than 1 min on the whole procedure, or you will damage your gums and possibly a surface of your teeth. 2. After you've done, a thin black line will remain under your gums most likely. So, I would recommend to use the Waterpik Water Flosser to remove it completely.
It has different size to choose. Checked how to use it from youtube. And it works on my hair.
These sponges look paper thin out of the box, but absorb water/liquid so fast! They are very gentle on the skin and I haven't had any issues with them. It is also great that they come with 2 headbands that are a very decent size. This is great for pulling back all loose strands of hair, to ensure you have a clean area when using the sponges.
I do like this product but for my daughters eczema it might be a bit harsh but overall works great for body cleaning & dirt removal from skin and back.
I've used American Crew hair gel for years so when I found out about Molding Clay I was comfortable trying the American Crew product. After trying it a few days I do like the molding clay better than gel because it isn't stiff but still has enough hold to get my somewhat unruly mop presentable. Plus, no more gel flakes on my black or navy blue jackets. The one down side of the clay is that it's hard and takes a fair amount of rubbing to get enough on your fingertips to work into your hair. But, once you get it worked in, I greatly prefer the clay for the natural feel and look.
I don't believe it helps with dark spots, but that's okay. It is inexpensive, does a great job of moisturizing my skin, and best of all: the day cream plays nice with my foundation. I'm using other products for hyper-pigmentation, and I can live with that.
It smells nice and wets my face nicely but I'm not seeing any positives but maybe later
Pretty cool, I love the retractable feature because it keeps the brush clean. I kinda wish the bristles were a little fluffier/that part of the brush was a little bigger, but over all, it's working for me!
It works like it said it would. It's little enough to travel with. I haven't had any trouble with it. But I've only used it twice.
It was a good product for me. Covered up my bald spots and made my hair look much thicker! Only comment would be that it doesnt come up an application spray to make applying it easier.
I liked these items, it is as you see on the photos
Didn't burn my skin or anything, but not exceptionally good.
Haven't see any results because I haven't used it long like it said to use for months to see any results.
Worked pretty well. I was actually pleasantly surprised with its effectiveness and lack of odor.
for the price its nice.
Works great around your nails for clean up. If you use it as a base to keep your nails from being damaged it takes forever to dry.
Instead of the usual cotton and foil mess that falls off one finger while I am trying to do another or wasting time doing one hand at a time, these are on in a jiffy. Maybe it's a little more difficult to get the last one on but it's MUCH easier than foil all around. Got a set for my hairdresser but there were only 9 in the package or it would get 5 stars. Still recommend, just count before you give them to a friend!
Good gift, the packaging looks pretty fancy,my daughter loves those!
These worked for me for a while and they are GORGEOUS, but maybe 2 weeks in they started breaking. Every single one of them broke. They seemed so durable at first. I was disappointed. My clients loved them.
I like the moisturizing ability of this formula. I had wished for a product that would fill more depth of my pores to be filled.
Great product however, because of vein problems in my ankles and above I will try a knee high next time. The open toes are a huge plus!
Amope foot moisturizing works best for me during the day. You can also use this product on your arms and legs..
This hair straightener works well. The temperature adjustment has a good range and it gets hot very quickly. I have thick hair and I can run the straightener through my hair at 420 with one pass and have a nice shiny straight section of hair. I am only giving 4 stars because I feel a bit of give in the iron and wonder and longevity. It does not seem as sturdy as others I've had in the past but I'm hoping that I'm wrong. Too early to tell.
Seems to be working, I don't see much hair falling out anymore. Since the 1st week I noticed the difference. My hair feels fuller and thicker.
First, it is a beautiful tool and always feels cool to the touch. I am a senior so my facial lines are sagging. I will need laser or plastic surgery to correct these. Has the tool significantly tightened my skin? No. But what the tool has aided with is the texture of my skin. It looks healthier and a little plumper. The Jade roller with combination of good moisturizers aids with the softness of my skin also. I will even wear an occasional lipstick and concealer because my skin looks healthy.
Smells nice and works well.
I have mild eczema on my scalp, but there are certain times that the itch is so painful that I want to scratch myself bloody. I found this shampoo a couple years ago, and I tried it because it's color-safe. It worked miracles. Soothed considerably with the first wash, and within three uses I felt absolutely no irritation. I was then able to control my symptoms with once-a-week use and my regular shampoo the rest of the time. I do agree with other reviewers that the formula has changed, however. While it is still very soothing and will leave your scalp very clean, it seems to stick to your hair. It's really difficult to fully rinse out with just water and leaves an greasy-feeling residue behind if you don't shampoo a second time with an alternate product. I think that's a small inconvenience for to the fantastic symptom relief I still get, though, and I will still continue to buy it.
Does what i expected it to.
I'm always looking for organic, all natural product. I purchased this and it's ok. I prolly won't purchase again but it was nice to try. I don't really care for the feel of them - a little papery. I actually prefer the Simple Truth organic face wipes from Kroger. But these do the job too
Used it a few times and am happy with it.
Skeptical that they would fit my Sonicare model but they are perfectly compatible!!! A little softer bristles than I prefer but will see if they last as long as the Brand Sonicare.
It works wonderfully on my dryer balls. Only issue was that quite a bit had leaked out into the packaging before I opened it
For the price, these brushes are very good. Been using them for several weeks and have not seen any lost hairs, even after being washed.
Pretty great for the price. The eye brushes arent the best but the powder brushes are nice. Good weight too.
I tried this because I LOVED this scent in the deodorant of the same brand. It's not exactly the same scent (not quite as natural smelling) and it's not as strong and longlasting. As for doing it's job, it does clean and moisturize just fine.
nice product but does not last long enough and very expensive to replace.
A gift. She loves it.
Opening is good the settle down starts to smell a little cheap but then picks back up after a while, good cheap fragrance
Gives a decent shave--as good as most Norelcos I've used. Only used the shaver and the ear/nose trimmer so far and they are serviceable. Haven't tried the facial scrubber or sideburn trimmer. Only shows charge up to 98% but I get a week's worth of shaving from a charge and only drop to about 50% charge. Decent shaver for the pretty-low price.
I've begun using this product to see if it will help with my rosacea. It's only been a few days, so I'm still hoping to see some improvements in the rosacea. I would like to say, though, that I really dislike your plastic bottle. Please, please redesign. I use your conditioner for my hair, too, and with both products, it is almost impossible to get them out of that little spout in the lid. It is especially bad trying to get the thick conditioner out.
I'm not giving 5 starts just because they came loose on the package with no protection, plastic wrap or anything and it damage one of the forms, also they put a bigger sticker on them which damage another 2 forms, besides that great product.
good quality product
Duration is not long so reapplication needed. But it moisturizes cuticles and skin beside nails.
I wish this product had a better smell, it works wonderfully but it has no smell. Anyone looking for a no smell should definitely like this but I want some holy grail over this
have ordered before and will order again
It's cool that you get the price you paid as a credit for a full size of one of the products you like. The downside is that I feel like these boxes sit somewhere just waiting to be ordered. I got a few samples of different moisturizers that came with coupons for a full size, all of which were expired.
This was very simple to assemble and hold a bunch of my makeup products, really saving me counter space. However, the rotating ring on the base is slightly unstable and wobbly. Theres a few times I had products fall off of the shelves due to this issue. Everything else about this product was great.
Updated review. The first product did not work well at all but their new and updated product is a lot better and seems to be working great! Definitely would recommend trying.
I like this as my backup. It comes on light but you can definitely layer it. Definitely worth it!
holds a charge good shaves close
Very pleased with this product. I wanted something to take on a tropical vacation that would give me some color without being heavy. Also wanted to simplify what I'd be taking. This is perfect. It gives me a little color and shimmer without looking made up. I especially like putting it on my eyelids. It doesn't last very long but that's not a deal breaker for me - it's easy to reapply. It's also a little light to use as blush which is why I didn't give it 5 stars.
the girls that received this doll head as gifts, like it except that we all thought the hair would be a little more coarse as being a lighter tone ethnic/black doll, also/and the darker tone black doll head hair we thought would be more coarse or kinky, was also a bit straight for the african braid practice and cant make a straight part in hair. But other than that they love it, would love if you specify the texture of the hair from kinky to silky smooth black /ethnic hair..thank you!
purchased for some one else, i'll have to see what they think about it.
Good sturdy product for the price. Surprised at the thickness of legs and supports. Padding is about right - could be thicker but I think that might inhibit the ability to get good massage pressure during use. Fit and finish was surprisingly good. I was amazed it survived the shipping experience however. The straps had dug completely through the outer box. If the item hadn't been in it's own carrying case - it would have been damaged for sure. Good old quantity over quality in the shipping department. Time for Amazon to use their seemingly endless leverage to re-negotiate their contracts to get shippers in line. It's getting old.
This is a solid product! I'm actually shooting here using it while writing the review. I've used this about 4 times now. I use it to deep condition my hair and to color my hair. The great helps the product penetrate the hair and my greys are getting more and more stubborn as I get older so I need all of the help I can get! If you set this on high heat it's super hot so I typically use medium or low. The only downside that I've found is it's a bit loud and I wish the hose was longer. *Bonus* my teenagers think I look ridiculous when I'm using this so they get some enjoyment out of it through jokes and sarcastic remarks. Otherwise, it does its job well and it's a nice compact, easy to store system.
This eye mask smells and feels great! It's very weighted and adjustable, which is nice.
Good price, works good, Nice
Had to get it sharpen right away.
Felt a little sticky after application.
OK for the price. They might splinter a little the first few brushes so you have to be very careful. After that, you're good to go. Pretty soft and good reach.
Pretty decent for an amazon seller. Actually pigmented. Does smell a little weird though.
The grater works okay but not great. The file is awesome! It took off all of my dead skin so easily and I usually have to work at it pretty hard.
the hair was delivered in two days, was super soft with a nice smell. it's also true to length with a beautiful curl pattern
It really works but leaves a white trail in the eye when using makeup.
Takes patience for it works well
THIS PACKAGE DID ARRIVE----- MY SINCEREST APOLOGIES
I like the power of it, it's enough, but not too much that you will heat up your nail bed. The white high shine polisher wore after doing my 10 fingernails. There is a seam that curls up and separates, therefore then peels up. Even considering this, I would purchase again for the price.
Left my feet nice and soft, only downside is the bar breaks down fairly easily and leaves behind more granules than a regular pumice stone. I'd suggest using them in the shower as supposed to a foot bath/during a home pedicure, but definitely worth a try.
Deep clean for sensitive skin. I have used it for one time only every day.
I usually use Cetaphil but have recently been trying the Alba Botanical products. I like that this product is unscented and is chemical free. I like the natural elements included in it. The pump makes it easy to use. It is thick rather than runny which I like. I liked it so well that I ordered two more for gifts. The problem I had with that order worries me. One bottle arrived with the top secure in the down position. The other bottle arrived with the pump up and a little less than 1/4 of the product was missing. It had not leaked into the box which leads me to believe that this was used by someone else. A little scary. This is not a problem with the manufacturer but obviously with the supplier.
This product was pretty good for the most part. The scent is kind of an orange citrus that didn't smell good to me. Only thing is you have to apply it a couple times within a couple hours and nobody has time for that.
Love, love, the shape and small size of the diffuser. It heats up immediately. The only thing I was questioning was the oils. It was suggested to use 2-3 drops, but that did not produce enough of a smell to appreciate it. Used twice the amount and the aroma was perfect.
Works pretty well, especially for wax areas, and work fast. Wish it's was a little cheaper but you pay for quality.
was as expected. I liked it and its easy to use.
The quality matches the price. They worked perfect for my bee themed birthday party I did for my daughter. However, my first pack had 97 sticks in them and the second one had 98. If I had gotten 100 like packaged it would be a 5 star review, but no real biggie. Some sticks were slightly warped but did fine.
The refills fit my eyelash curler perfectly, but they're too soft, so my lashes won't stay curled. I think for anyone else, they would work fine. I just have stubborn eyelashes.
4 stars because the darker color stays for days! cant remove it completely! but not really big deal because my lips are very dark and at least the color stays in a homogeneous way on my lips, not in patches
The only thing I really use out of this is the small bun and the Bobby pins. I don't have much hair and what I do have is very thin. So the small one is perfect for me. I loveeee the Bobby pone that came with since they are stretched out and perfect for the bun.
I'm sure these are wonderful - but I have not been able to get on any pair of magnetic eyelashes yet without almost putting an eye out (and still not having them attached). Magnetic eyelashes must just not be my thing.
The risk w/ aftermarket parts is a bad fit but these fit perfectly in my 8-year-old Sonicare. However, the bristles seems extremely hard and have been causing pain especially with the notable vibration of the appliance itself. I worry that these are too harsh and definitely harsher than the way too pricey Philips brand replacements. But who can afford those? The price difference is so huge that I'm willing to risk the quality difference and work with it. Probably this old appliance will die before I use these brushes up anyway and I will replace it with something more up-to-date. Meanwhile I'm glad I can still get replacement heads.
My husband was satisfied
I like that it doesn't have any strong odor, color or shampoo. All smells natural and pleasant. It didn't irritate my scalp at all, no itchy or flaky scalp after coloring that I get from store bought chemical hair dyes. However my hair was completely black (as black as charcoal) so I don't know which shade to get to achieve a lighter color. I am left with extremely dark hair that doesnt look good on me and I don't know how to change it without damaging my hair. Would buy again if I could get a lighter shade in brown - true dark brown color.
The product itself is very good. The only thing is the smell on the shampoo can be overpowering sometimes and smell really musky after you shower. I love the pump it comes with, easy to ration your use of shampoo and conditioner.
Love this Clinique duo all about eyes travel pack, easy to use and small enough to put in a purse. Great product
into week 2 and notice depressions in the nail where (i think) fungus use to live.
I love bright and accurate the colors are. However if you're trying to cover your full head buy 2
First of all, no this won't dry your hair in 3 minutes, unless you have incredibly thin hair. Mine is thicker, I know, but I can wear this for 30 minutes and my hair is still wet. Yes, it does help dry it faster than not wearing anything. But it is not a miracle. It works good to keep my hair up and out of my face while getting ready.
I use it to make skin/body products. I don't have anything to compare it to. This product works fine for me and the price is good. The top cover seemed weird like it did not stay closed.
Mostly great. Everything is nice and sharp. The nail clippers cut amazingly but the tweezers and the squeeze handle cutters don't open and close very well. The case is also a bit cheesey looking.
Great products, I have very dry hair and this stuff is terrific. I especially like the mask. I don't use the oil stuff though. The smell is very light, would like it to have more scent. I will be buying again.
The company needs to pack this product for shipment more carefully. It was loose in its packing envelope and some pf the powder escaped. Fortunately, the sturdy paper container remained intact and was not damaged.
Smells nice but not like the lotion
Nice soft comfortable and easy to use. I will be purchasing more but I just want more variation in colors to choose from.
I love the coverage and color of this product! It doesn't irritate my sensitive face. Perfect for a natural look. It does have enough coverage for rosacea cheeks! However, it smells kinda weird and this stuff does not dry down very well. I put a light layer of powder over it but don't expect this to have any staying power. It will rub right off.
This is some great smelling deodorant. Only one problem and that is the dial that turns up the deodorant doesn't work well. One was just about unusable but finally got it to work.
A bit low-powered, but of good quality otherwise. Excellent battery life and charges quickly. A decent deal for under $40.
I have dark shadows appearing on upper lip due to melasma and read many reviews on this product that it treated it. It was very expensive on amazon. uk so ordered it from US. It arrived on time as it was advertised. I started using it. It has a faint smell, nothing too disturbing. I'm guessing it's due to natural ingredients. Besides smell doesnt stay it disappears after you put the cream on. It only has been two weeks I'm using it. I haven't seen major changes. I still have darkness on my upper lip, doesnt seem to be as strong as it was. So I'm going to give this cream a chance to work it's magic. This review to be potentially changed after sometime. Depends if it completely fixes my problem. I might order another bottle. For now, four stars.
Like the product but the smell from this smells like incense to me
Good product, only used it for about a week and honestly didn't notice a difference but would still recommend. 👍🏻
Very hard to get it out of the tube toward the end.
Bought this product after watching too many makeup videos on youtube. Turns out it is a great product and makes me look perfectly dewy and shiny. there is like a protective sheen on the top layer that you need to brush off to get to the good stuff but besides that the product was amazing.
Great quality. Only reason I took off a star is because the colors don't match what is shown. I feel like both reds look the same, & the grey is way darker in person. Other than the colors not being exact, my mani turned out great.
Does nothing to conceal. Works better as highlight
smell good and last averagely long.
Works like a nail brush should.
Had for month have brand new hair growing using for my beard ..
Came very quickly! My sister inlaw loves them, just make sure you oil it first!
A little too dry... doesn't hydrate
Seems like it will last a while and not break in my tangly mess:)
Works as intended at 120 and 240 vac. It tends to get a little warmer at 240 but nothing dangerous. Glad I found this one for my travels to Europe. The add stated white but mine was black. No biggie.
I use these clips to put half of my hair back at work. They even hold fine hair.
Beautiful unit however it sheds
This chair is ok. It is the same as I could have gotten from my beauty supply warehouse. I the style I had previously better, however, it doesn't seem like those are available anymore.
The sponge is thick and silky. Applies makeup very smoothly and evenly
Very small! My fault for not paying attention to this, but would be great to have a larger size. The quality is fantastic. Smells delicious, and lathers beautifully to remove waterproof makeup. Where I've previously spent up to 30 minutes easily trying to clean make up off (and I do not even use a lot of makeup, and I don't put it on heavy), this worked like a charm to wash off within a short 5 minutes. And left my skin soft and lovely. I'm very happy with this product! Only wish it was bigger!
Great product easy to use. A gift was send with the product Greta use to shave eyebrows or stray hairs.
I like this product... thanks!
I traveled with it for the first time and was surprised how long one full charge can last.
Just what we needed for replacements!
I bought these to try out, and I do like this shampoo and conditioner, it makes my color treated hair very soft. But the mask did nothing at all that I could detect. I'm still on the fence trying to decide if I want to purchase the shampoo and conditioner in the larger sizes, because it is really expensive, but I do think this is a great product.
Works great on skin conditions
The Skull is amazing, only problem I had was a broken tooth. I glued it and you can't even notice, good buy.
Love this shampoo + conditioner! My hair feels super soft and smells so good and it really does create volume without frizz
I like the feel of the gloves n brush. But the bristles fall out of the brush making it a good but messy experience.
I gave this product 4 stars, only because I haven't used it long enough to get a full view on how well it works (its been 4 days so far). However, I can comment on other factors. It tastes really yummy, and is easy to chew. Shipping was quick, which is always a plus in my books! I have an autoimmune disease, which unfortunately causes my hair to shed a lot. I read the great reviews on this product, so I decided to give it a try. So far, so good. I'll give it some time, to formulate a full opinion. I am hopeful!
Came at expected time, package was fine. A little hard to clean large brushes with but I suppose that's expected with the size. Got my brushes pretty clean, it was a good price for them.
Wish the bottom slots were usable! Otherwise it's a great product!
Effective. Fresh scent lingers for a while. Teeth do seem a little less sensitive since I started using this product months ago.
Have not received product.
Love product. Hate the smell. WHY do they have to make products for Black textures so smelly! I don't want to smell like artificial candy all day. consider making a more natural smell, fresh or no smell and it would be awesome. Be careful with the amount it can get a little tacky sticky with too much on the hair at once.. But one of the better gels out there for price. Just how do you turn down the smell.
The bundles are thick and of good quality. not much shedding.. the closure is not of same quality as bundles but I'll work with it..
If your looking for something that works, you found it. However, the ad looks like it comes with a pair of safety glasses but mine didn't :( and I am a little scared of the flash because I don't want to go blind. Read instructions! Or it won't work the way you want it to. Otherwise, great product. Totally works.
much easier to use than the plastic loops you have to thread with floss. A little hard to unpackage and unwrap, but works for my bridge fine
This shaving kit is well-made for the price point. It has several compartments for items of various sizes and shapes. I bring the typical toiletries when I travel for work and have no issues fitting everything that I need, including a beard trimmer. I was hoping for a flatter kit for packing. The shape of it is also not great for storage in a bathroom drawer, if that's where you want to keep it. But, there's no issue with the item itself. Material is flexible enough to reshape and fit in between items in a suitcase as needed. Recommended for the occasional to moderate traveler who doesn't need to leave items in the kit at home or store it in the bathroom drawer.
I've used this cream for several weeks now. I like its texture, and although I haven't seen dramatic results, it has helped reduce the redness on parts of my neck. I doubt the retinol content is very high due to how much milder it feels than other retinol creams I currently use, so I'd like to see more specificity regarding the ingredients used here and their concentrations.
Haven't noticed much difference but it's not greasy and feels smooth
Carbon fiber? Idk bout that. That being said I like the comb. It combs my hair as intended.
Does make the lips a little bigger and plumper. It does sting a good bit at first but lessens after a few minutes.
Ive worn this half wig many times over the years. This is my first time ordering from amazon, and I was pissed. I ordered this for a last minute trip, it looked fine at first glance. I got to my destination, took it completely out the packaging so i can apply it, and could tell it had been worn/combed out prior to being shipped to me. It also had knots, and was stiff in certain places. BEYOND PISSED! But usually "TAMMY" is a good "go to" piece!
These are just the right softness for sensitive gums. The bristles are finer/softer than standard tooth brushes. This may also benefit getting in between teeth and along gum line. Don't know how long they last yet. Not sure of charcoal benefit but I like these brushes. Also bought other gentile/soft tooth brushes for testing.
Cute but slips down over my forehead
The only draw back is - you have to insert the little white pads into the bottle caps and they don't always go in straight / evenly...
This seems to be just what I was looking for. It holds larger sizes in the main compartment and keeps things organized. I did find that little things were harder to remove from some of the smaller compartments (like nail clippers) but I have only had one time to use it so it may be I just need to pack it differently. I am happy with my purchase.
Just as pictured. Fast service. Happy with order so far. Haven't used yet, but I'm certain will work.
Look very natural. Rarely crack.
I received the goods and the product is wonderful and excellent and I recommend dealing with the seller to his degree
We got this because our nurse recommended it for my husbands acne prone back. Since using it, he's had way less breakouts. It doesn't really have a smell to it. My husbands only complaint is that it feels slimy and disolves fast.
Nice mascara at a fabulous price. I would purchase this product again.
These are the best nail clippers I've used yet. I have pretty hard nails, and these clip very quickly/efficiently -- much sharper than the typical cheaper nail clippers, which require pressing down really hard to get a solid clip. The catcher is also pretty good overall, but I'm removing a star because it definitely does not catch 100% of clippings.
Shipping is expensive but the quality is great
Like this product. Keeps my skin soft and smooth. I am 73 and do have wrinkles; after using your product for several months, don't think I see any significant change with them. But, a good moisturizer, and will continue to use.
I did not like the fact that a couple of the bits were bent.
I have owned my Panasonic for over 4 years and it is still going strong. I use this replacement as needed but it is just too costly.
Love it, works well but also bakes apart easily too.
not so stable but great quality, works perfect
When I received the package, I went to open it and immediately had powder all over my hands. I opened the package and the lid was off and almost all of the powder was in the shipping envelope. I am not able to return the package, therefore, this purchase was a total waste of money. My issue is not with the product but the shipper.
I just received the mirror as a birthday gift. I will use it this morning when applying make up. I'm excited to see my make up go on rather than guessing that it is applied correctly.
This product is super pigmented and I have uncolored asian hair so my brows are black so I chose the black brow tint. It does definitely match my hair color, however, this product is very pigmented and the formula is pretty wet. I have used and loved glossier boy brow and that formula is much thicker and dryer which was easy to build up and work with. I would recommend scraping the product off the brush into the opening of the tube and use a light hand while brushing it into the brows because if used too hard your brows look really painted on and unnatural. Also a heads up is that is isn't waterproof! Found out the hard way at the gym when my sweat dripped down my face but nothing a tissue couldn't handle! Overall, this product does the job pretty well and if used right, makes your brows look naturally full!
This oil did not smell like cinnamon. Could not use it because the scent was overpowering and off. (One star.) However, the company was willing to work with me. Customer service gets 5 stars. I will probably buy oils from this company in the future because of the customer service
I didn't notice a huge difference, but I have seemed to get less pimples. It has less of an effect on my blackheads, which is what I got it for, but it's pretty decent. I wouldn't recommend this if you have sensitive or dry skin as it can be super harsh and make your skin flake more often. Overall, good product and lasts a while.
Pretty Wig, too long for me though, better for younger ladies.
I like this product.
Beginner tanner here this is my 2nd bottle of lotion I've used and my skin is a beautiful color!! I am giving one more a try and see the difference but Will probably continue to use this ❤️
Update: They sent me new bottles (and gave a refund!) and said they think there may have been a manufacturing error. The new bottles do indeed smell much better (quite nice and mild actually) and it's white and not yellowish. I used it once and it worked fine. So I agree probably we got a bad batch, but the new batch is good and customer service is great. (Note my comment about the clothing had to do with sunscreen that rubbed off onto clothing (neck area to be precise). I never apply sunscreen directly to clothing.) It worked and was accepted at the park we visited. However, it smells terrible and is very waxy. It is very difficult to wash off and when it touches clothing, it turns light colors yellow and dark colors white (but later washes out with detergent). We changed to a zinc oxide based reef safe sunscreen and it was much easier to work with.
I work with my hands A LOT throughout the day and my nails seemed to have fallen off the first day.. Maybe if you were going to a wedding or going out on the town for the night. But I wouldn't recommend for day to day or work life nails.
I really love these headbands! The only thing that I would say is that these headbands are not designed for anyone with a larger head. Because of their elasticity they will fit on my 'big' head but I would not be able to wear it all day because it would be uncomfortable. Because the packet includes 9 headbands, I have taken apart one of them and made 4 headbands out of the 1 headband. Now they are much more comfortable for my obviously larger head. :-)
I haven't had a chance to use it yet.
I love the texture. It is soft smooth and I just put water or conditioner on it and it curls right back. It didn't shed a little but it's not too bad and didn't have a smell when I took it out of the package. The front did fit my head and I'm happy with my purchase. Although there wasn't too many baby hairs, I just kind I had to work with it and used of the hair to make baby hairs.
Hard to find the color you want online. This one is pinky redish.
This brush is very soft and sturdy! Applies my foundation good. My only complaint is that it smells very chemically.
It's a freaking fantastic idea, however the design is flimsy, the handle is skinny and awkwardly long, so not suited for professional work. I do recommend to my clients for personal maintenance at home but as a professional stylist I was disappointed. I love love love the pointed end keep working on that design!
The razor cuts well and holds the charge.
Prepare for lots of shedding.
I took away a star because the eye patches are stuck together. I can still use them but yea their stuck together by the white peel off paper.
Got these makeup brushes in the mail today. What a great selection and they seem very high quality. I just wish they came with a case. They will be a Christmas gift, so I haven't actually used them yet, but overall I am happy with them.
Great product! Easy to use and travel with!
I like it because the brow pencil alone doesn't keep brow shape down and smooth, the wax is great. Not crazy about sharpening and have to be careful because the wax is like butter and fall off but still it is a great product.
Its doesnt fully get rid of them but it sure helps
Cute Halloween nail stickers. Work pretty good as long as your nail polish is still slightly tacky. Press on and give it a good rub to transfer to nail, cover with clear top coat
My daughter wanted this and she uses it daily and her skin seems a lot clearer. I actually found another use for it, I rub my temples when I get migraines and it greatly helps lessen the pain.
Pretty die but thought the corner dies would have a bit more detail. Still, a pretty set.
This product does the best job I've found in stretching a gray part for several weeks. Practice perfecting a light touch on the nozzle.
Great smell and good product. I will order again. Something is making my hair grow?!😁
Nice shampoo and conditioner but for the price I wouldve hoped it would bea little bit better as far as scent or moisture or something. Similar to a regular store brand maybe a little better.
Very affordable. Works as expected. It does seem a little flimsy so I'm curious how long it'll last.
I felt the tubes were very small compared to other brands of this product.
I've used a different brand of rose water toner---the brand from Eve Hansen smells wonderful and feels SO refreshing when I use it on my face.!
Overall very satisfied!
I really like this hand lotion. My hands have never been softer.
I like it. The colors are amazing
I love soft lips but with the color tint it has a different texture that isn't moisturizing.
These are very sticky, which can make it hard to get them on but they do pull the hair out nicely. I was even able to use a single strip to get both of my brows done.
I like this massager. It works like it should. Not bad quality. And for a good price.
I used it just once and it just felt good how this shampoo makes my hair feel. It is like applying honey to your hair. Probably, because of its high viscosity, hairs are not pulled out as much compared to other products. Can't wait to see the effect of DHA blocking!
Bought this for travel for easy to use.
Fast shipping that's for the 4 stars but havent tried it yet.. will be back with results later and fingers cross it has to do the right job on my skin..
I had prepared myself to not like this, and when I opened it, I thought, "Why did I buy this thing....it isn't going to work." Boy, was I surprised! I have a lot of hair....a LOT of hair, and it did a good job drying it well. The negative ions made an impact on the texture. Will I use this every day? I'm not sure, but I am traveling tomorrow and it is already packed in my bag.
Love these clips! I have thin hair and one clip will hold all of my hair up..
My husband and son love this toothpaste, I however have stopped loving it. While it does feel good on your teeth, instantly make them whiter and give you nice breath, it also comes with black spit. These wild animals in my household spit out their toothpaste as everyone does but whith this brand it leaves black toothpaste spit all over the sink which has me washing sinks daily. If you could make a spit shield for the sink that would be much better. Great product, just messy.
My nieces are always wanting curly hair which takes forever and they don't like sitting still. This is great! It is so fast and easy to use. I tested it out on my hair and only once I got it caught but I have super long hair and didn't read directions first that shows you to half hair if too long for once roll. Plus trying to curly your own hair, for me anyways, is difficult so probably better doing others than your own. I'm not a do my own hair girl either on my own. I will update pictures and stars to a 5 if all works out with my nieces hair. I only get 30 mins to help them get ready for 1st and 2nd grade so I'm excited to try this in their hair.
Dried my hair out but overall did the job.
Great oil! Very smooth and nourishing and doesn't clog the pores. Wish the bottle had a dropper.
I love Sun Bum while in the tropics but it does feel a bit greasy so I don't wear unless I know I will be out in the sun and water all day.
Brush is pretty small, but it works!
It comes just as it looks and its quiet helpful. Its small and compact, which is good for travel.
Not too constricting
I've already misplaced my tweezers, but thankfully I have two more waiting in the wings in the sturdy box they came in. The tweezers themselves do an adequate job. I've had tweezers that are better at plucking fine hairs. That being said, I'd probably repurchase these.
Product is as described, doesn't last long as regular deodorant but gets the job done.
Use carefully as longer hair can get tangled around the brush.
As far as natural deodorants go, this one is the best. It won't work as well as a chemical deodorant, but for every day use for a day in the office, it's great. For a natural deodorant I'd give it a 5, but if you include chemical deodorants, it doesn't quite have the staying power, especially if you're exercising. It's soft, glides on easily, doesn't discolor your skin and smells great. I've tried a lot of different brands and this is the only one I use. I really love it!
At this point this product competes well against Toppik. The price, the smell and the longevity. I appreciate the info sent also about how to use the product. So far Crown may become my new choice.
It feels the room with a very nice fragrance
Bought this for my mom, she loves it!
I'm a fan of foaming hand soaps and I think Softsoap makes the best, but you pay for the convenience. Also, a very wasteful marketing program in that you can only purchase the individual pump dispensers rather than a larger volume refill bottle. Do we really need a new pump every 8 ounces??? Please, put out a 16 or 20 ounce refill bottle and cut back on the volume of plastic going to waste.
I love the way this stuff smells! Like my chamomile tea that I make to relax. Subliminal conditioning from this makes me relax as soon as I smell it. It seems to protect from the sun a good amount too. However I have two minor complaints. One is that it's very thick but harder to spread to really get a decent area of coverage for how much you use. The other one is both good and bad....it's white and incredibly hard to rub the white away. I saw this is both good and bad because the white lets you see where the coverage is and points out areas you might have missed...the bad, obviously is that unless you're gonna sit and rub rub rub, you're gonna be white haha!
The scrubber is life changing not the best quality but it does what it's purpose is.
Selected these after going through many reviews. Well packaged and delivered on time. These are sharp and feel well made and sturdy. File also works very well. I have not yet used the big ones (straight edged). The smaller ones also have a slightly bigger cutting edge than my previous ones. Handling is a slight problem. These are a little stiff and smooth all over which makes gripping a little difficult. The tactile feel is also lesser than my previous ones, so I have to be more careful handling these. I am not letting my kids use these at present without supervision. I hope that with time these will become much more smoother and easier to use. I would have preferred some kind of grippy material at the ends (where you hold while using). This would make these less likely to slip and much more easier to operate. However, these still do the job well and with due care have not resulted in any mishap so far. So... good to get.
I"ve been using the body wash for awhile now, and it does seem to work better than other products that I used in the past.
I've never tried a water flosser before, but this one was super easy to use! It seems a little cheap, but is nice and lightweight and gets the job done! I like that there are three modes, but I tend to stick to the "soft" mode since I'm not used to the strength of the water flosser. It is quite messy (water rebounds off of your teeth and gets everywhere) so I use it in the shower. The strength is a little strong, so I have to be careful about hitting my gums. I think that it'll be easier once I get used to maneuvering it inside my mouth, though.
I have hair just past my shoulders... and the shampoo bar lasted 8 whole weeks! The conditioner bar is only half gone at 8 weeks. The peppermint worked perfect for my fine hair... never felt weighed down... my hair felt clean and light. One star off because the conditioner bar actually lasts much longer. They should sell it in a package with 2 shampoo bars to every 1 conditioner bar.
Typical badger brush but at the best price on the market. its a little light in weight and leaves a little to be desired but is stilll a quality shaving tool.
GOOD PRODUCT BUT A LITTLE BIT EXPENSIVE!!!!!!
Well.. it does in fact look like a tomato, so it is easy to have laying around without alot of questions. believe it or not.. this works. This is easy to keep clean too! It works pretty simply. The lower part creates a suction and the suction bring the capillaries in your lips to the surface
I make press ons and this makes it much easier to work with compared to the single crystal tip holder I bought :)
I've only had this product a few days, but even after my first time using it I could tell that my teeth and gum line is much cleaner! At home use this is a great choice. I have a small bathroom, the Cordless model fit well in it. Each time I have used it....it feels like I have just left the dentist office. So if you're looking for a water flosser that is simple and less bulky on your counter top get this one. Is easy to use and it's so convenient!
My four nieces (ages: 7, 5, 4 and 2) had a blast with the Kitty ears! Fun and a nice selection of colors. Great for their dress ups.
Great price for the blends!! Better than buying each and mixing yourself. Great for a gift. Comes in black box set with booklet explaining each one what it does and which oils it contains. Hope other blends are offered in the future I would buy again.
These are great for trying out a ton of colors and not spending a lot of money. They are pretty comparable to Kat Von D but obviously slightly worse. If you apply it too thick, it gets a little sticky and peels off in a weird way. It smells really nice! They are also all individually wrapped. They were around a dollar a piece, this is a great deal.
Doesn't stay on well
This product may not be the "next best thing," but I found it easy to use and certainly much cheaper than the Chanel I like (which I'm keeping...haven't made a final decision). One thing is that it takes ridiculously long to get. I've ordered twice and both times it took MORE than two weeks.
Came with 100 Shark half razors instead of lord like it says . Still satisfied 👌
The bristles seem a lot harder than from the ones I purchased at the store... Not sure if it's the real deal.
Clippers worked as advertised. I had no issues and shipment packaging was perfect on arrival.
I usually use 3D white strips but those get expensive after awhile. This is good on a budget but does leave a thick residue after use, nothing some brushing can't do but it does make it difficult to remove from your teeth.
I liked it but Im not sure it did to much for my skin? Maybe I need to use more than once
Very easy to use and cuts close to the head. Decent price for the quality I would recommend this product.
Works pretty good. The taste isn't bad either.
My first tamanu oil. Really gets the job done as the final layer of my Accutane Relief Regime. Smells like ramen soup, but I only use it at night, and love ramen, so Idc. If you don't like ramen, look elsewhere. Also very messy, but I'm assuming all oils are like that. Pretty great value.
Doesn't work well. Will not buy again
These are good quality, they come in sets, perfect for makeup students, or makeup parties. The only problem I had was the handles were shorter than your average brush. (Travel size). Other than that great brushes.
Pretty and shiny but the cat eye thing hasn't really worked yet.
It really does work. I've been using this for 2 weeks now. I immediately saw improvement of the puffiness and bags. At first it was temporary but now it seems to be lasting. After about a week I started seeing my dark circles lightening up. They're not completely gone but it's a huge improvement. The only thing I don't care for is the cucumber scent. It's the cucumber that depuffs those eye bags though so I'll deal with it. It's a good product for a great price.
Top lashes were great! The bottom lashes were difficult to put on but overall happy with purchase.
I bought it a few weeks back and using this from the day when I bought, frankly, I did not find any difference. Moreover, it burns my eyes for a few seconds after applying to my eyelashes. I am not sure it helps to grow your eyelashes. So when I am not sure I cannot refer to others as well. In case if I found any different I will update.
I think it is working. I've been using it for about a month and my forehead is cleared up, now I think the clear skin will continue to spread.
I thought this idea was helpful for my eczema, but only works in combination with a few other items I use. The scent is not that appealing to me.
So much easier to see what nail colors I have to avoid buying colors too similar. So much easier to pick out a shade without sampling them on my nails. Cant believe I didnt get these sooner. I even carry some in my purse to sample at store instead of my own nails. Some have a little ridge at tip, but there are so many you can afford to toss some. I do find they need a topcoat for accurate color or else have a weird sheen from slightly textured plastic. Great buy.
I have been using this for years but this was the first time I ordered from Amazon. I did not compare the correct size so I will not buy again it is cheaper in the grocery store. BUT, overall I love this stuff. The natural ingredients are something I look for and this taste better than others.
Great cover, Unfortunately, it gets on everything and hard to get off clothes, etc.
didn't stay on my hair
This product worked well with my skintone even though I'm pretty dark. It didn't break me out, so It's suitable for sensitive skin.
I like this moisturizer it is very light and feels nice once applied. I bought two of them, however, neither of the pumps work so I have to like glob it out by hand and use more than I need. So that kind of stinks, but overall, the moisturizer is really great.
The hair is not human hair but it looks good for the price
Nice product used to a do it yourself spray with other ingredients for toilet tissue spray.. Since I use a lot of it, I wish it was cheaper. Smells nice. Good product.
Use it to get the little peach fuzz off my face.. even tho it leaves my face sticky, these wax strips do work.. just wipe your face with rubbing alcohol to take the sticky away. I'll definitely buy again
This has a musky intoxicating aroma which sustains me while I wait in hopes for what I truly desire; genuine Nag Champa... Sadly though, I doubt I'll ever find that classic again since it seems the world is completely running out of all the best ingredients.
Completely removed my skin tags or flat small warts in my face but it became like freckles.
It works okay takes a long time though. You have to soak your feet every night and put lotion and socks on to hurry it up!
Loving it so far, although I do feel the suction isn't perfect but enough to do the job.
Great smell for great price
Compact and easy to use. To early to know about dislikes.
It's a decent masque nothing outstanding. I've had better but all in all pretty good.
Not bad for price. Not what I was hoping for though.
The nail polish is great but they sent me completely different colors than what I actually chose.
I purchased these as a Christmas gift for someone I more or less just needed an item for...not as concerned about quality. For this purpose they're fine. The box they come in is solid and aesthetically pleasing. I appreciate that they are individually wrapped. But I'm not crazy about the smells.. they are kind of "fake" smelling to me, scents more strong than I prefer for bath bombs. So.... They're OK. For myself I would probably try a different set.
you don't need alot to keep your hair in place. it gives your hair the "dry look". aside from the slight strong chemical order, it does the job for the price. hope this helps :)
My husband uses it for his beard
This was purchased as a gift. It was as expected.
Smells good , travel size. Wish it was a little cheaper. Assuming that it actually kills germs this is great just wish it was a little cheaper.
I like how it charges and easy to use
Good product, fast shipping
Loved the oil. I use a coin size amount to my hair mostly over towel dried hair. Very light not at all sticky. Fragrance is super amazing,
I do not care for the smell but that's just me not you. Its wrapped in cellophane and it's kinda chunky looking. Sort of like a weird chunky looking candy bar...p.s. Looks like a chocolate nutty bar but Don't eat it lol.
I've only been using it for a few days and I already love it, I apply it after I do my morning routine and I like how it feels on my skin, light and airy, compared to other brightening creams I've tried which leaves my skin looking greasy, It's soft on the skin which is a A+ for me.
One kid loves it and the other hates it. They can be messy. Expect to wide the bathroom mirror after each brushing.
Bought this set mainly for the medium sized filer to keep in my bag, but have been very happy with the other two. The smaller one i use on my 3 month old, and the larger I keep at my desk at work. But after only a few weeks the medium one cracked...not to any defect of the product I don't think, but buyer beware...crystal isn't strong enough to survive life in a busy woman's bag!
LOVE the two sided magnified mirror ...lights up bright easy to charge ... not practical for carrying in a clutch or crossbody purse
I just love this hair! its shed free soft and easy to work with .It arrived on time. I would recommend and order from this company again .
Works great with tangles.
Bought for Fiance as a gift. Nice set. Very nice case. He was happy to receive.
This is a beautiful, well made diffuser and it puts out a large amount of mist, probably the strongest flow of all my diffusers. I am surprised they call it whisper quiet; this is the loudest diffuser I have ever heard, to the point that it is disruptive and I can't keep it going in any room without noticing the loud vibrating sound of the motor. I will move it to the bedroom where we use a white noise machine so we won't hear it. I have 5 diffusers throughout the house; none of them make a sound; you can't really tell they are running without looking at the light, but this one is pretty obnoxious. I gave it four stars because it is beautiful and functions well, but if you are looking for something quiet this is not a good choice.
I just used this to give myself a pedicure and it really performs. I like the different speeds and different drill heads. It is lightweight but sturdy and performs well. I also like the led light which is very handy. This was a great purchase and will save me some money by doing my own pedicures. I am very happy with this purchase!!
Works so far, havent used enough to get a great grasp of how durable it is.
Served the purpose I bought these for..
i like it a lot, except i have small hands so i hate that it slide off my hand with the soap, but overall good quality
Serves its purpose. Good price.
Bought based on the recommendation of my hair stylist. Smells great and really helps with frizzy hair for myself and my daughter with naturally wavy hair. We love it
The mirror is built very sturdy and is as described in the product advertisement! The one thing needed is better installation instructions. It comes with instructions just not as clear as they could be.
Product works as advertised
works well for a natural buff
These smelled absolutely amazing and were a little bigger than i was expecting, but hey! i'm not complaining.
Great for my storm costume, got tangled a lot.
Very beautiful, soft curls, less tangles and I wear everyday and everywhere!! Worth my money 👍🏽
This lipstick has a wonderful creamy texture (non-drying) and the color is perfect. However, there is a serious design flaw. As other reviewers have pointed out, the lipstick falls out of the tube very easily. When I received mine it was smooshed into the cap. Fortunately I was able to get it to slide back into the tube, but you'd need to be careful not to twist the lipstick too high or it will fall out again.
I really like the product, I see the difference since the first use.
Receiver is saving for halloween
I have enjoyed this a lot. I was getting paraffin dips for physical therapy, so decided I could do more at home. It might be a little on the hot side for kids and older people, when it's turned up, it's prefect for me. It starts to harden if you turn it down. I didn't want all the hassle of changing out a tub full of wax, so I line mine with a crockpot cooking bag before I put the wax in.
Nice little diffuser for the price
Haven't used it very long but seems to help with toe nail fungus. It does soften the feet and dry skin is improved.
I ended up returning this not because it was a bad product but just because it wasn't what I needed. It's great for straightening if you have the talent oh, it's right for curling too. I'm just not so savvy about that stuff
I've been using it for about 3 months and its great. I would highly recommend it for facial scrubbing.
Just as pictured. But tangles very easily probably due to the length
I purchased the neon set and I am so pleased with the colors! I have found that getting an opaque look with light colors at home is sometimes difficult, so I apply a coat of white before adding 2-3 coats of color (depending on the look I'm going for). These fit my need exactly.
Friends and family like it!
So I been putting this on my friend without him knowing. He didn't have a lot of women in his life until I put this on him. Note he can't smell it but, it smells really good. I think its to expensive and to oily. If it was $20 or less i recommend buying it every time you run out. I just suggest rub it on your car seats and in your bed sheets and spray it in your dresser and closet. Don't spray to much on you or you will get stalkers.
Very good product for me. Can't use chapstick type lip balm, too drying. Palmers works well at keeping my lips from chapping.
Is good quality for a great price.
My daughter like it very much.
Does what it says, although I personally had trouble getting it to look good at no fault of the product. Well made and a good price.
I use this daily and have noticed a difference!
When I ordered this...i didn't realize it was a preshave lube....but it's slick n works good.
Let me start bu saying that I don't have the Anderson crimping tool but, I have several pair of ratcheting crimpers that I use daily to crimp terminals of different types at work. I had a very hard time getting the fold over parts to crimp round so that they would slide into housings. I used 3 sets of terminals so I now have 2 sets of housings to throw away. I finally soldered wires and then used a set of cheap single crimp strippers to get it round enough to slip in. Works but it was an effort. Reviewer wondered if they were Anderson brand, I am now wondering since it never says Anderson in description.
I've tried so many products for my itchy scalp, including prescriptions. These have helped more than anything else I've tried. Love the way they tingle. My only complaint, and the reason for 4 stars instead of 5, is the plastic bottles are very difficult to squeeze-have arthritic hands. I'd happily pay for larger bottles with pumps! Yes, they're that good.
Copper is a great pick me up color. It makes me want to use my brush . As Yin snd Yang go ...it does have a bit of rotating noise.
My first e file, I like it, It is a little loud... Doesn't bother me... The bits are OK, I will be buying more. It's pretty decent....files gels and polish, and acrylic j ust fine, gotta find the right speed is all. Easy to get the hang of, I like that there is a forward and reverse switch, I find that I really start to rely on it sometimes. I will be upgrading next time but this has been reliable for at home use. Def not professional efile. I also don't like its all made out of plastic.... I'd like some really tough made equipment for this, but hey, for the price....
Good shampoo but not worth the price for being Pantene.
It is nice color but my lips feel sensitive when I put this on.
I bought this for my President's Day costume (Andrew Jackson) . I was disappointed that it was much more pepper than salt ( unlike the pic). However, after cutting a bit and styling, it did the job. Many I know did not recognize me (long blonde curly hair) and others I didn't know we shocked it wasn't my real hair. All-in-all, it is a nice wig for an afforable price- I have spent much more on poor quality wigs ( for my many disguises lol- or fashion styling work). If you are looking for a mostly dark wig with some gray, this is a good buy. If you're looking for a mostly grey wig, this isn't going to work for you. Have a great day!
Nice easy to use device, but I'm not sure I'm using it correctly. I don't seem to be getting the same results as those I've seen on places like Youtube. I will research more.
Its good to see all these brands trying to compete with name brands for the fraction of the cost, and quality of these nail polish is on par with most other I tried. Curing time is about a minute plus which is not bad as long as you use some good base coat these Gel nail polish wear well. I wish they had all the color mentioned inside so I don't have to open to see whats what color.
good product, my husband loves it, but it's little over priced
Decent hair for the price.
They are so beautiful but I have used them yet so be looking for an update from me.
I like that the kit includes all the types of combs I would require for different functions
I like these. they seem strong and they keep their shape well. The only issue I had was I got one less of one color and one more of another.
It has a very sweet oud scent , I like my oud perfume to be strong , not bad for the price
Overall I like it. My hair is pretty thin and it leaves a slight residue.
Beautiful color, just very thick and heavy, Not much free flowing movement.
Great service and on time
I was looking for this specific eyeliner and was happy to find it. Too bad the label said not for resale. Awkward. Maybe removing that label before selling it would be better. But was brand new and works as expected.
I got this specifically for my back and it seems to keep new acne away but I use it on my face every now and then and its amazing. New pimples are gone over night and my nose and chin are decreasing, greatly, in black heads. I wish it did the same for my back though!
I love this brand. My hands get dry and my skin is sensitive. But for some reason this cream leaves my hands feeling rough. I won't buy again
Perfect for travel. Melts quickly in a cup of hot tap water.
This product just came in today and we already tried it. Love it, it has a beautiful exterior, the nightlight feature adds the cozy feel, water reservoir of 400 ml means it will last long and there is amazing smell in the room. Hope to like it in a month, will update my review later.
I have used this product once. It seems to have lightened my teeth by a shade. Will definitely keep using to hopefully see more results.
I purchased this after I used a sample of it. This product smells heavenly & makes my hair, which is damaged from coloring, very soft.
Works as advertised.
just what i was looking for
We have used this before for my 85-year old father so we are familiar with this product. However, I forgot that he is not happy with the handle because it slips out of his fingers/ hand while using it. He wants a hole or round ring at its end to secure holding it.
I bought this loofah back scrubber set to clean my back as it is hard to reach. I can feel that my skin is very smooth after using it because it exfoliates the dead skin. Good for daily use and help relieving the itch. Recommend.
I always order 3 bottles of Coty Wild Musk. I have been using this for a million years! This last order 2 of the bottles were fine but the last bottle didn't smell like musk at all - very floral and not pleasant. I was very disappointed and the bottle will be thrown away.
This cleanser is very thick so there's no need to use more than a nickel to quarter sized amount. It lathers well and cleanses throughly without overdrying or irritating my acne prone skin. As for the smell, it is quite noticeable due to cactus but I enjoy it. I only gave 4/5 stars because it is not my absolute favorite Pacifica face wash but I do really like it.
Have only been using it for a week but so far am pleased. My mouth feels clean and healthy. Will review again after longer use. Thanks Primal Life!
These are great for the price but are a little "shaky"... Over all I'd buy again.
Very pleasant light smelling moisturiser. Adds great slip with the perfect amount of moisture without being too heavy. Also bought the lemon flaxseed gel, certainly made my curls pop with flexible hold. Both products combined gave me smooth elongated curls for my wash and go, no heat applied. No crunchy after feel when dry.
love these colors! The price is great compared to others. Coverage is good but 2 coats needed to get best results.
I got what I asked for. It fits my adult sized head. At first it looked small so I wouldn't stretch it too far. Hard to center. Fits over my wig 😛
They actually look really good I love the dramatic look if you do too then these lashes are for you period.
So far it been good nothing wrong but everything is good
Product came as advertised
I'm hesitated to buy this vitamin C because I used to buy some brand from Amazon and it irritated my skin. But after I tried this M3, I like it because it's not too harsh on my face, don't dry my face either. I used this for a week now and I haven't seen any breakout or red. So, I will keep using it.
Large holds all my make-up in one place. The color is so pretty !!
This is everywhere as being one of the top and most used but I find I have to use this plus plus oil, serum, moisturizer to feel hydrated and I wouldn't know any better if I hadn't tried a different one. So this is just average for me plus it's expensive. So no thanks
A little goes a long way with this oil. It's very moisturizing. I will buy it again.
Good product however it crumbles before I can put it in the bag
They look nice! The hair pin part is a little tight, but that's fine.
Make-up brush quality is very comfortable soft comfortable very satisfied
Woks great but the downside is that I had to cut them in half it was too much glue for the individual extension
After couple of times at the tanning salon I got the perfect bronze, and made my skin soft and smells good
Four stars because it's a little smaller than I wanted, but I really like everything else about the bag.
Granddaughter liked it at first. Once she learned how to brush properly, she seldom turns it on. I asked her why? she says because she knows how now.
I've really been pleased with how this works when used on my hair. I apply after I shower as a leave in conditioner and on dry hair (just a dab) to tame any frizzies. It has been to use in conjunction with to co-washing for naturally curly/ dry/ now graying hair.
No expiration date on the bottle. Has checked by the batch code, which says the product was made in 2016.
I use it for dip nails and I also use it to seal my nail polish bc I hate waiting for my nails to dry completely, convenient especially when you do more than one layer of polish or a design. Today I used it to keep my nail striping tape from lifting at the ends. The only thing I noticed is on matte or one-color nails, it gets fine hairlike cracks underneath. Not on top, like you can't feel the cracks, but you can see them if you look closely. I haven't had them shatter or anything so it's not a huge deal. Updated: I'm not going to take another star off (I'd take half a star of I could.) More cracks became visible as my week went on - see 3rd picture. But bc it's purely cosmetic, as in they're not physically breaking, I'll keep my rating the same, just thought ppl should know.
I highly recommend buying this; it is so great! I have gotten so many compliments on it. I love the bright red color. It has wheels and an extendable handle like a suitcase, which makes it so easy to transport. It has three different compartments, which are roomy. It does not have any dividers, which I personally like because there's more room. It came with two sets of keys to lock it. This is such a great product, especially if you are a makeup artist, nail tech, cosmetology student. Etc.
I love most of the designs, however, I do not like the Marijuana leaf design, so when I removed the blue film I used my exact blade and cut around it, so it's still covered.
It seems a lil poorly made.... The rollers have hard plastic seems that may scratch. I filed them down with a nail file. The top part seems like it wasn't put together tightly. Its easy to use, hope it works.
Good product, but the cork for the spout is too small. It pushed in by accident and had to be broken up to get it out. Doesn't matter much, don't really need it that bad. However, a rubber stopper would be better than the cheap cork.
...The black elastic bands are harsh against blonde or light hair. Would be nice if the seller made the same thing, only using the gold elastic bands to blend with blonde hair. Otherwise, these seem to be good quality and are working well. Just wish they came with gold or beige bands, too. Would give it FIVE stars for that.
So far I love it! Easy and quick to use! Haven't had it long enough to have major complaints, that's why not a full five
Like it .Is a medium size bottle not too big ..
Love it love them l sleep in it
Looked good but not 100% natural, but that is too be expected for the price.
Have recently switched to oil cleansers and I am loving it! I have large pores that love to stay clogged no matter how many scrubs or clay masks I would use. Most traditional face washes would leave my skin dry and peeling, but leave behind all the mess in my pores. I like this cleanser for the value, but the coconut smell is a little overwhelming. I prefer the face shop rice water oil cleanser, but will use this til it's empty. I ordered both at the same time to try a few.
I like the item but after 3 week 4 stars
so I really like this wig because it was valued pretty low but it was still pretty decent for the price. Had to trim the bangs and it is very easily tangled but it's comfortable to wear and looks like my real hair after a bit of styling. If you're wanting to experiment with wigs and don't want to buy a super expensive one to start out then this wig is probably for you
Meant as a gift for my sister
It's like the picture and it's sooooo cute but it's slightly too small! Definitely should be bigger especially since it's a shower cap meant to cover people's hair and not everyone has small heads and little to no hair . It's sometimes hard to put all my hair under . Definitely should be bigger and have an elastic band to stretch more . But overall the design is very pretty and is great for small head people !
it's not bad. use it every now and then
Great smelling soap.
Is a fine mist that holds
Product is really good but they have to improve the packing, pump always has a problem, never works and we are loosing a lot of the product staying inside
These bows are way smaller than most 6' bows.
I don't love all the colors. I wish they had better ones, but they have held up very well and I've had complements on them when my daughter wears them. The clip doesn't hurt her. Easy to take out. Great size.
Overall this was a good product. It didn't leave a nasty smell on my skin ands wasn't too oily. I used it with a belt and it while it caused me to sweet I didn't feel my skin overheating or burning. The only thing is I wish it would have caused more sweat.
I haven't seen much difference in my skin with this oil, however I also haven't broken out from it. It does take a bit to absorb. It smells great. I really wish they used a better dropper. I find myself dreading using it because it drips all over the sink while applying it.
Great smells, but wish the bottles were bigger!
Fun to wear. Looks great.
I was not thrilled that the lanolin came in a zip lock bag. Otherwise the quality appears to be good.
I ordered this product with much intrigue. I had the idea that instead of constantly picking and scrubbing the black heads on my face this product could be a more gentle solution on my skin. The vacuum suction can be varied, it has strong suction at is highest setting (may not want to use all the times). It comes with 4 different cone tips which are directed to use with varied suction settings. As for the use of the product, it did clear most black heads from my skin but not like you would imagine. This product is good for use before you wash your face.
Wig Came well packaged , nice color blend , love the length !
My skin is oily and it works for me i like that.
I have a blonde ombre. I loved the pink but went through one bottle pretty quick. I only gave it 4 stars because I cannot get out the pink. I've washed it at least 15 times and am left with an ugly brassy orange-pink.
This soap leaves my skin fresh and keeps up the moisture in my skin even during winters. No dryness. I have a normal skin and this suits me well. Fragrance is light and smells nice.
I purchased this to use on winter skin that just can't seem to stay moisturised, and my only issue is that my foundation has trouble staying on top of it. I will still use it for no makeup days and to hit small dry spots under makeup, but I won't repurchase.
I only purchased one tube. That one tube did not lighten my skin at all even though I paired this product with SPF 100. What it did do, which I think is great for the price, is why I am giving it 4 stars: This is a great skin moisturizer. After the second application, I noticed my skin was really soft and I had forgotten that I was using this product. I have no clue which ingredient is producing these results, but the combination of them is why I am making another purchase today. I have hyperpigmentation and this product did not work for that purpose. If you want a GOOD moisturizer, then purchase this product. If, like me, you were looking for a product to lighten your skin, this is not it and the search, for me at least, continues on for that type of product. I may just have to see a Dermatologist to assist me with this issue as I have tried many products without reaching my goal of one skin tone over all of my body and face.
Perhaps, it's because the hair has been a plastic bag for a minute, but, it has an awkward shape. It is not a completely round bush ball. Maybe, I need to work with it a little. I definitely like it, but I don't think I'd re-purchase it. But, do buy it.
Haven't worn it yet I plan on dying it. I hope it comes out right & doesn't tangle. Also, I hope it doesn't end up looking & reacting like barbie doll hair!
**Revision** This product was messy for the first 4-5 applications, but after that it stopped leaking. It is easy to apply and goes on smoothly with very little color (big bonus for me). It seems to prevent sunburn, is smooth and goes on light and easy. I really do like this product and am using it every weekend at the moment. I think the product works just fine, but the packaging is awful. I opened the package and powder was EVERYWHERE! I thought maybe it just got shaken up in shipping, so I carefully used it, pulled the sleeve back up and stored it in its' box, sitting upright on my bathroom counter. The next time I used it - powder everywhere again! I really want to like this product, but if I lose it all on the counter each time I use it - it is not worth the time or money. Maybe I got a flawed applicator?
I love this product but it did not travel well in this packaging! Just a warning/something to consider
Spout doesn't automatically line up.
I like these bobby pins, they are very sleek and can pin up my thick black hair. But when I pin up my bangs, I have to re-pin them every 10-15 minutes.
I've bought a charcoal peel off mask and charcoal nose strips before and they barely took anything out. But today I tried this mask and it was amazing. My nose has never looked so cleaned before. Would definitely recommend.
It's alright, if you're expecting the first picture, don't. It's not the cute golden color. The rest of the pictures accurately show what you get, which is why I am not upset. It's VERY shiny synthetic, so I may try some ways to make it less shiny. I don't think I'd ever wear it out, unless that was fixed first/wasn't Halloween. Overall it's okay, it's soft, decent length. hopefully I can find a way to make it better so I can actually wear it out.
Apparently it does make the hair feel softer and shinier. Can't confirm the help of growth
Really nice using a 5 blade... very diff than a traditional 2-3 blade.
These disposable razors aren't bad at all. Easy to use and pretty comfortable. I will say that I've purchased other disposable razors that I love, and get both rewards and discounts for when I purchase them. CVS brand disposable razors may just have these beat, but all in all, I'm happy with this purchase.
I originally ordered this for my daughters hair, but the bristles were too scratchy for her scalp . However it's turned out to be a perfect tool for drying my Havanese .
Used at spa party for girls and they were handy. Not very sturdy for multiple uses but they stood up well for one time use.
I am an older woman, this goes on nicely and I only need extra moisturizer around my eyes. It is a bit heavy and I wipe over my face to make it look more natural. I am happier with this than other brands that I have tried.
Used this for my lip area, it seemed to stick on skin but need to try it again maybe thicker!! Did seem to work well though!
They worked well, but after the first use they started to turn brown.
Have been using for 1 month so far have seen improvement-- can was hair less often meaning less hair falling after shower. Using in combination with pills and shampoo.
This is a very moisturizer that leaves my face smooth and smelling great.
Makes it easier to scrape off the gel polish
Great deal, quality and size for the price.
This works very well it's a great way to clean your makeup brushes with out wetting and waiting for them to dry.these is a great product this is so you don't mix up your colors
A solid product for a good price.
Used product twice and it worked well. Noticed that it's recommended for travel use only and that's why I gave it 4 stars.
Does what it's supposed to do... would be a plus if it had a better scent to it while staying natural.
The product works as described
Better than not having it!
Love this gadget. It feels good on my face. Not sure if it is doing anything though.
I got my product and I love it. I'm still learning how to use it. I gave four stars because it didn't come with any adapter. Only a short usb cable. I had to get one from the store.
I have very sensitive skin and I like this product a lot. Not even one breakout. Cleans my skin really well.
Great product! Use for primer before powder foundation. Skin feels amazing after & makeup goes on smooth. The only drawback is the scent. Smells like roses, not overbearing but could do without the fragrance.
The hair color was used, specifically the green, for my 4yr old niece for her St. Patrick's Day party at school. My niece biracial, mixed with Caucasian and black who has extremely tight curls. I was pleasantly surprised how well the color showed in her hair. The applicator brush/comb, however, was not easy to use with her curls so I ended up having to use my fingers, which washed off easily. We are excited to try the other colors! Overall great product and easy application.
Feels great on the scalp
It is a small and convienient unit that is easy to use. I have light hair and found that it seemed to take longer than stated to have an effect. But it has had an effect even though it was only whence l was up to the replacement cartridge. Also it is helpful to know that not all accessories come in the box. The epilation head is good if you do not already have an epilator. If you do there is no need to get theirs as it is the same thing you just have to change the head on the machine. I also feel that the chin attachment is a waste of time. It seems to make it harder to do your chin as it doesn't connect properly with it on. Overall is a good product that may just take a little longer to work on light coloured red hair than stated. But it has had more effect than other methods.
I have only used this for two days now and I like it. I had Amlactin in the past but gave it away because it didn't absorb well. This stuff does. I'm not sure how well it will work in the long run but it's good now. 4 stars only because it STINGS. If you've just shaved skip it. Thank me later. Lastly I wanted to say my dermatologist recommended this type of lotion (no special brand he said any) and 40% urea cream. He said to use them both at the same time. I have KP on my arms (upper and lower) and same on my legs. Front and back. And calf. He said one of the worst cases he's seen. He said nothing cures it but this will help.
Bought this to try my hand at introductory contouring and it definitely does the job. Will be buying a nicer brush because it does leave some streaks, but overall is a great brush for the price
Pretty solid for my first cordless clippers!!! Nothing wrong with them when I got them and a year plus later still working strong. I upgraded to the 5 star cordless but still use these as well. Buy it if I were you.
Its pretty dank. I have thin blonde curly hair so finding products that are good for me is difficult. This smells good, but I only use it half of the time because it does not provide me with enough moisture, granted I do conditioning treatments 3x a week. I would like to find a conditioner that does it all but *sigh* I guess this is the best for now. Its a solid good conditioner, but if you need something really hydrating then go for something else, this is just a standard every day conditioner. If you have nice hair this is a good upkeep curl conditioner but if you have damaged hair like me (I work in a pool) this is not the best solution.
Great product.. works great
Best for nail hardening and growth
I like it. Jus was smaller than I thought.
I have been very happy with my purchase of this charcoal toothpaste. It tastes great and I feel that it did brighten my teeth. My dentist told me not to use too often as it can be abrasive to your enamel so I only use about once a week.
These are great for the use of shea butter and lip balms, but be sure that your hands are not wet or slippery when using them because opening and closing can become a challenge. My only issue with them as that a few of them would not line up correctly to close fully. This is a great product and I will purchase again.
It works pretty well. Not spectacularly but it works. I have to use it every night and I don't think I should have to use it so often if it were really good.
I purchased this as a joke. I am going through chemo and I thought I would take a picture with it in some fun wigs. I was really surprised when it arrived because it's actually pretty sturdy and so perfect for pictures. It really glitters. I just love it.
This little baby packs some power! You wouldn't expect that from something that's battery operated but i really like this product so far!
been wearing this scent for a long time..
I only got to use it one time before it was stolen
It seemed to reduce itchiness on my feet but overall I did not notice the skin becoming much healthier. I have been using it maybe 2 times a week for the last month or so. It dissolves well and is soothing. I got this hoping to kill foot fungus but if it does it is not very efficient at it. If you use it more than a couple of times a week you might notice skin peeling around the toes so don't overdo it.
This is a perfect gift for mother's day! It comes with a beautiful box and the sizes of the bathbombs is amazing. The smell is also a plus factor.
Bought in bulk since it seems a stick lasts me only about 1 a month. Used to be able to purchase with my subscribe and save but no longer available for this scent. Unfortunately Axe always seems to change their scents every so often and this is no good for when consumers actually like what they be using. Only 4 stars due to short longevity and subscribe and save no longer available.
I purchased this for a friend who loves Lavender Scents. She thought it was a very beautiful basket and loved the accessory sponge flower and the bar soap scrubby that comes in the basket. The lavender fragrance was calming during a stressful health issue she was going through but she wished it would have lasted longer on her skin. The wooden basket container is a nice touch to re-use to hold bedside cards and mail.
I liked that they were very cheap. I paid less than $2! Shipping took a while, but I didn't really mind because it was so cheap and by the time I got them- I totally forgot I even bought them so it was a nice surprise! The only bad thing about them is that they're kind of small, so if you are using them to hold pigment for microblading it might be hard because they do not hold a lot of pigment. Other than that, it was a good purchase!
Seems to work well. Now my slide on shoes smell much better.
I have pretty small hands and this thing, even with the grippy holes is too big for me. It's too big for my husband as well. I'll use it for now, but I predict getting something smaller in the near future.
Still working with product cut my sons hair came out good
Works! No more creases on my cheeks in the morning. Only wish they had not sewn on the label because it is hard and scratchy so you have to be careful not to place it against your skin.
I brought this and after receiving it I realized I don't really need all of that to do my nails. But the tools are pretty cool.
I like the rollers but like any self gripping then can be a little hard to take out if you don't unroll them straight. Otherwise they work great.
Good for the price. Handels are made a bit cheap.
This is a good product but may have to apply 2 times; still has a nice healthy glow
So cute. Does an ok job of cleaning my beauty sponge. Actually works but the battery life isn't great.
Purchased in August. The box is already starting to rust, which leaves me less apt to want to continue using. Would love to return if possible, as I am hoping this is an anomaly. UPDATE: Upon reaching out to Cremo directly; they were very responsive and are replacing my tin. Upping star level as the cologne does smell good.
The quality is decent. When considering how many are included in this lot at this price point, it's great value.
I had bad milia on my eyelid and with this product, it all went away within 2 weeks. I'm still using it and trying to see if it works on my face. But yeah it seems like a great product to get rid of milia.
The remy human hair topper offers great coverage for those who have a lot of hair thinning on the top of the scalp. The hair texture was also of great quality. The density of the hair however was much thicker than my natural fine hair strands and so for me personally it wasnt a great fit. I would also reccommend measuring the area of the scalp that requires coverage to ensure this size is suitable for you. Unfortunately this hair topper was too big for me and did not fit well.
Can't tell a difference. I should have taken a before picture.
Easy to use. Definitely removes the hair! I have sensitive skin and had mild skin irritation/break-out after using these, however, it cleared-up fairly quickly.
Great product. 4 Stars because they added some random shiny pink nails which is really annoying and takes away the pink color.
these are nice make up sponges. they come in a variety of colors and they were very easy to use. My make up went on smoothly and evenly and blended well. Very nice product
We haven't used this yet but it appears to be well designed, with a hook and a zippered compartment; and an extra bonus - some small bottles to hold liquids.
Great product overall not waterproof.
GF says it makes her gel last longer. Think she uses the dryer between each coat (base, color, final)
I bought the 18" applicator; it's a handy little thing to have, but I wish I would'ave bought the 22" applicator instead My advice would be to skip the 18" and get the longer one!
Great fun to use this, cool my face and under eyes. Even though the big jade had gotten lose, but I just pushed the tips back in, no problems.
Great scrub, strong tea tree oil.
Generally, the makeup is very heavy.
is super soft and absorbs well
It's cheaper than in the supermarkets.
Well made and a decent price
A little smaller than what i thought it would be. The clip was a little to small and looks like it's falling out because the bow is too large.
Not bad if you like a strong, unbending material. I would prefer a softer brush that would generate soap suds.
worked great on our motorcycle trip.
Works great. It does stretch out. Even after wash. So i might have to get another one soon.
I like the style. The length was was shorter than the what it appeared on the model.
I had gel polish on my toes and fingers. It took 2 thick coats or it to come off my toes, which I thought was great!! I used it on my acrylic nails and it melted them.
This tinted moisturizer seems to have more of a foundation coverage and less of a moisturizer coverage. It seems to cover just like any other foundation does. It also feels more like a foundation.
I was a bit apprehensive about buying this nail polish. I loved the photos they showed of the polish but thought maybe that's too good to be true. I did a primer polish, black polish, and then the dark blue/purple jar. I did each nail at a time with the magnet (I bought one on amazon). My nails look fantastic but NOT like the photo they advertise. There are so many layers to this nail polish, depending on the lighting. It does work with a magnet but I don't think it's necessary. The jars are small but all of the colors are absolutely beautiful! I will definitely buy again.
I only got 10 instead of 12. They are easy to use.
I love them and use them everyday
I've never with false lashes if any kind in my 42 years on this Earth. These were easy to apply although I did have to watch one YouTube video to teach me because these don't come with instructions. They are comfortable and not too dramatic.
dries really fast, not bad when in a hurry. I'd still recommend going full light curing gel polish.
It smells like plastic The consistency of this product is a bit watery, which is good for applying on skin but i would prefer something a little more thick than goop.
Very pretty natural highlight. Almost similar to the hourglass highlighters, meaning subtle with a hint of shimmer.
Face feels clean afterwards but doesn't take out all the black heads. Make sure to steam your face to open your pokes very good if you want the black heads to come out
I like it it helps dry my thick curly hair faster
Excellent just as good as Hanacure but a fraction of the price. I tried both and wouldn't waste my money on the Hanacure again. Literally the same thing.
Do not let it touch gums. Very potent stuff.
Love it! Nice and moist. Took a while to get here and it was shipped from the mainland.
Excellent cream easy to put on as the jar is very easy to obtain the cream
The product itself is great but the first time I squeezed it the seam at the top burst open and product spewed out. So I guess I'm just squeezing it out of the seam now.....
I really enjoy this so far. It's fun and easy to use, and I love the sanitation aspect compared to my spin-brush. The only drawback is that it's a bit tricky around the nose but I'll probably figure that out.
Works fine for me so far. The scent is interesting..not horrible by any means, just different. Fairly strong scent that lasts and doesn't fade all that much, so keep that in mind if you are sensitive to scents in general for any reason.
Love it, love it. Does not irritate my skin and I have sensitive skin. My skin is glowing
I have an autoimmune disease that causes my hair to be very thin. This wig makes me look and feel normal.
It works really well - is powerful and does the job. It is very easy to use, simple set up and easily cleaned. My only complaint is about the power button location. I kept hitting it. For version #2, I'd recommend a power toggle. Great product!
I am super impressed with how nice this kit is. The directions were straight forward and everything was pretty easy to use. I will say that because the light is such a low wattage, I would recommend curing it 4 times under the light (its on a timer) before filing. Also, compared to some of the more expensive products, the nail builder gel in this kit is slightly runny. It's not terrible to work with, but if you mess with it for too long, it will start to droop and fall towards your cuticles. The kit comes with almost everything you will need. I used 91% rubbing alcohol to clean and as a kind of dehydrator for my nails. I also used it for the slip solution to help push the gel into place. All in all, I am super happy with my purchase!!
Currently loving my hair. Looks fabulous !!!!!. Feels great
I'm not sure that I've seen a visible difference in terms of wrinkles or sagging skin, but it does make my skin softer to the touch. That said, I'm not sure if I'll re-order when this product runs out or not.
There are several minor issues with this item, however none of them directly affect the product itself. First, the bottle doesn't look like the one pictured. When you purchase something you expect to receive what is pictured. The bottle I received is not nearly as nice as the one on the picture. although it contains the same volume it is skinnier and taller. I would much prefer the picture bottle aesthetically. Secondly, there were stickers placed in spots that prevented me from reading the ingredients and the description. One sticker may have been placed by Amazon, it contained the ASIN and a barcode. The other sticker covered up part of the description, it had instructions on how to receive a free bottle. I didn't like that the stickers covered up important information, they both could have been placed on the shrink-wrap for easy removal. With that being said, the product itself appears to be of good quality. It applies easily and does not leave you feeling greasy. It absorbs well, too.
This is currently my favorite exfoliator. It leaves my skin very smooth. I like the smell and grainy texture. The one thing I don't like is the packaging. It comes in wasteful little pods that have to be taped shut to use more than once.
Just got this product today, and I love it! The patches go on easily, and stay on. I did use them for the intended cheek area on my face, but I also used them on my chin and jawline. They surprisingly blend very well to match your skin tone (I did not use with makeup). The patches lasted all throughout the day, and at night, when I was sleeping. I used them after showering, so I could fully open my pores, making it easier for the hydrocolloid to penetrate the acne, and absorb any remaining fluid from under my skin. Also a great way to keep yourself from touching any open, inflamed, or healing acne, especially cystic.
Great,would buy it again.
I'm too lazy to put on lotion after showering every day so this helps a little bit. Not a replacement for lotion but not as drying as my previous soap.
It's a great product, if you can handle the tingle lotion! Definitely helped darken me up.
This brush worked great. I had been debating on whether or not to buy the YOUNIQUE kabuki brush... so glad I went with this product! Works great for liquid and powder and it doesn't get gunked up!!
Only downside is no digital temperature reading!
Like the comfortable feel and the ease of use
Smells great! You don't need to use very much and it's good as a setting spray.
Cute but kind of cheap but good for what they are.
The wig is exactly as pictured. It fit perfectly and looked fairly natural as well for a synthetic wig. Only 4 stars because it tangles easily and is a big thin, but for the price it's a good first wig.
Received in a timely manner. Was what I expected .
It is ok but I know I prefer a different brand
I really like this wig! Had it for about a little over a week...hair curls right up with water! Received lots of compliments! This was my first wig!
This is a very HONEST review. This is the first time I ordered hair from amazon, the hair came fast, nice shipping and packaging. For the price I paid I would say this hair is decent. It last me a good 4 weeks, then I would say the hair wore out. I made a wig out of it and it was definitely thick enough using all the bundles. If your looking for some affordable hair to last you just a few weeks this is a good deal. CONS! This hair has a lot of strings and a hot comb is a no go, burned the hell out of this hair.
Take off towels were sent instead of this product so my review is for the towels (FYI).
The box is came in was very damaged. There were dents in the container itself as well. But it seems like a good quality night cream. Thick but doesn't feel greasy at all. Nice smell.
Really watery but good stuff.
This made a noticeable difference in the first week for myself and significant other. We are continuing to use and look forward to comparing whiteness after 30 days of continuous use. It is so easy to add a pump of the gel and brush as usual. I also noticed I did not experience the sensitivity that would occur when I tried other whitening products. I also bought the whitening stick.
Sometimes you have to reapply after like 8 hours but I love this product.
Real deal! Didn't like it as much as my Prada Mimosa. More on the powdery side, but maybe it'll smell better on someone else. Appreciate how much it is, didn't think bottle would be so big.
I really like this set and all the fun effects you can obtain! Both the cat eye and the chameleon are gorgeous and I do love to use the diamond one as an accent nail - and it goes perfect with the cat eye one! The color Changing one is pretty cool, I hope it stayed blue when warm and white so you'd be able to play with it more by turning it blue with cold water or ice. They're all pretty easy to apply if you're used to doing gel nails, even the thickness is not as crazy as other brands. I'm definitely gonna buy more colors!
Its OK ,not over bearing.
Easy to use, lasts about 6 hours, and a great variety of colors. The product is simple and effective
I have been wanting a calculus remover ever since a friend of mine got one. At first I wasn't sure how to use it because it didn't scrap that much gunk but if you angle it you will scrap more from your teeth. I like the handle it's smooth and easy to hold, but the only thing I think would make it perfect is if the scraper is a little bit wider, I felt it's a tiny bit thin.
Not as soft as I might would have preferred but they work and are durable.
Missed a star because I just wish it could still hang when zipped up. Otherwise it is great!
Kind of hard to put on & put on a good layer. Once it hardens you can't really move your face. Peeling it is very painful...but it made my skin really soft so it worked great! Definitely using it again. Update: A day or so after using, I woke up to many white head pimples on my face..some big & some small. I have oily skin & think this may have pulled up everything to the surface. Not sure yet if that's a good or bad thing...
good for removing makeup but it smells like perfume, has some brightening effects which is nice
A bit heavy but works well.
Love, love, love the scent - and so does my husband (wink, wink) but wish the scent lasted longer.
For price when I purchased (under $20), I think it would be hard to find a better value for a giant bottle of what I would call decent/average gel. While growing my hair long and questing for the perfect products, I've tried a lot of different gels. The American Crew gel has a decent hold, but not incredibly strong like you may find in some much more expensive gels. That said, if you're looking for just an average hold, not like a "glue", this is a great value for the money and in that respect, the product is a good purchase in my opinion.
I am pleased. My old charger unit was lost and this works perfectly with my Sonicare toothbrush. It does take a while for the toothbrush to be fully charged and the unit is pricey. It's also Philips OEM so there's an assurance of quality. If all you're concerned about is a charger there are chargers much cheaper than this. If you like having your brush sanitized this is your best bet.
This was my 1st time ordering from this company. Hair had a small smell but I love the texture. This is my 2nd week from install and it's still hold great. I will order again. I order 12 closure, 14, 16 and 18 but it's not very long.
It would be a 5 star, other than the fit is not exact. Very close, but for the extreme savings I would purchase these every time.
Beautiful color, had to apply only one layer and coverage is perfect Gave 4 stars because started to chip after only 4 days
Got tired of nicks on my scalp, did not want to spend $100+ on head specific electric, gave this a try. It works really well. It outperformed a higher priced one that i tried. I use it in the shower with a shave balm. I tried it once on my face, not good, left razor rash.
Love it, cover grays as it should only draw Back is that it smudges eg. If your scalp hitch it can be seen on your nails and if you touch your hair even after several hours, it soils your fingers and palm.
I was expecting something else, but I have never use temporary dyes before so I also didnt know what to expect. I wonder if I missed a part of the instructions because the hair wasn't supposed to be all hard after putting the colors. And it was super hard to style. I've meaning to put it over damp hair, but I still have to get to it. For now, it served its purpose and was overall please with the results.
Nice lotion but didn't solve my son's eczema issues. He has aggressive eczema so we've been trying everything we can to see if it helps. This lotion didn't do the trick but I think what works for one individual may not work for others. We'll keep up the search.
My daughter needed a cute way to carry her supplies in elementary, and the journal is great for helping her track her new body processes
Leaves skin feeling smooth and vibrant. Loved it! Bottle is smaller than I expected though.
It only worked for about 3 months and stopped working
They are great for any little girl who is obsessed with cats. Only thing I have noticed so far is the edges will start to unravel after a few months. Little glue and they are good to go again.
I just received the product and I would like to know where I can found the Replacement Trimmer/Shaver Foil. Tks
Overall I like the power and speed that it has. The only thing I didn't like is that your hair gets tangled on the back of the mortor and you got to be careful.
Works well and easy to use and cannot beat the price!
Stayed in place all night. I feel like I can see a difference in my eyes.
I felt the difference in my skin and my hair has a nice shine
I love this wig! I did have to cut the bangs, but I was expecting that. The only thing I would like to see differently or added is a little more hair. Its a little on the thin side.
Works good. Need to make sure you are using it in the correct direction. Can't replace blade.
The bobby pins work really well and are worth spending a little extra cash, rather than going the cheap route. My only complaint was that they needed to be packaged better for shipping. When my product arrived in the manilla envelope, the envelope was completely torn and the container that holds the bobby pins was all busted, with pieces broken off it.
Great wig, not used to tge volume on this one so I wear it half up
I'm lucky to have access to a low chlorine, UV light treated, pool but I have noticed that after using this a few times my skin is better in this cold climate. The smell is really nice - fresh without overpowering and completely eliminates the chlorine smell.
It arrived on time. I wish it had a little less bead filling and I smell no lavender. Other than that I like it. I have not yet tried to heat it or cool it.
Nice vials. One of them arrived broken, which is not the suppliers fault.
Covers well, does not match exact, but impressive still!
Great product, great price.
It wasn't what I was expecting as it was thicker. So, I used a lotion to thin it a bit. It does provide good coverage which is so important where I live in the south. I used it daily at the beach and on the boat and I never burned.
Excellent socks, exactly what I wanted to keep my heels soft in between pedicures.
This brought back my feelings of desire and no more dryness
I didn't know what to expect from a cologne that is so cheap. I thought that this cologne would suck, but I decided to buy it anyway because of the low price. When it arrived I was surprised at how nice it smelled. It smells kinda like a clean dryer sheet to me. The scent lasted a few hours too! This is a great buy considering the low price.
nice and sharp, cuts good, have to get use to the angle when cutting, or maybe i'm just afraid of catching skin.
Works good, but with the whining, my teeth seem to get more sensitive.
Hair was lightened to pale yellow with some darker sections that were orange-y. Took the darker sections to a nice brown-ish hue and would have been better if I'd left this portion on longer. Took the pale yellow to a nice-ish ashy almost beige blonde but the ends turned blue grey fast so I took the whole thing off after 20 minutes. Should have put it on the darker sections longer and put it in the pale ends for less time. Overall did a good job neutralizing orange, which was my main goal.
Update: The seller reached out and offered to replace my tools due to the poor quality I received and my initial review. I have yet to receive the new tools, but I'm impressed by the prompt response and offer of a replacement! **The roller and gua sha came in a beautiful box, though I was sadly disappointed that the gua sha tool shattered after just 2 uses. Additionally, the roller came with glue strings attached to the handle, likely from a glue gun that adhered the handle to the rolling mechanism. Needless to say, this is not the quality I was hoping for after reading several 5-star reviews.
I m not really good at applying tanning Creme but this Creme is really good. I had to apply a lot tho and it isn't super dark.
The wig has a very cute wave pattern to it and it's color is nice much like picture. The only problem is the cap and the hair construction. The bangs in the front show a bit of the cap much like some of the sides of the wig that show the cap a little too. Would've been better if it had more density
They're alright. I think I prefer the single string. By the time I'm done with all of my teeth, one of the floss sections is either too stretched out to do much, or broken. I'll still have one floss string left, but these aren't as durable as they claim.
I am very pleased with this steamer. I've had it about 2 months with great results.
I have used " Just for Men " dye in the past ..I have to say this dye is far better which does irritate my skin and produces good results!
I love this wig it is beautiful the only problem is it's white underneath! And it's very noticeable
This works great! I love the cool metal ball that helps me massage my surgery scar. But if I do it laying down too much liquid comes out.
This helped with any razor bumps after shaving. No scent, consistency of water
Nice brushes, long lasting and easy to clean.
Wasn't a full 16oz after I removed the package. Just shy over 15oz
I wanted to try new colors but not be stuck with complete bottles. These are just beautiful and the color/sparkle are so impressive. Not very long life though.
I thought that the quality and designs of the scrunchies were really cute, but it could've had a lot more variety in color. Another thing about this is that I only received 14/15 scrunchies in my package, which i was not too pleased with, being that the missing scrunchy was a very delightful light pink scrunchy that I had to miss out on :( but other than that, they were fine. I suggest giving more color options like more flattering greens, yellows, and purples.
Seems to work good on hair. But please don't get it on anything you love. Ruined a expensive top
Smells good and doesn't take a ton to cover your beard/skin... I haven't had it for very long but I like it and will continue to use it.
really nice cool colour, but does not last long
This is exactly what I wanted! I had to customized it to my liking but that how I bought it. The cut in the back though is not quality, but I cut it even. No biggy. It too color really well but the knots will not bleach. I did it twice and they were black. Makeup helped me out there but all in all, so happy with my purchase. Would order again!
They are great brushed! The only thing I am not a huge fan of is they are a little stiff on the Brissels. Other than that perfect!
Baby soft skin that smells great
Love the product, it made my face soft and gave it a glow that people noticed. However, the second shipment of this item came without the manufactures box....thought this was a little strange, but since I loved the product, I went ahead and tried to use it. The pump was empty or nearly so. This was when I realized they must have shipped me an open, used item that someone returned...not cool, people. Amazon came to the rescue, shipped it back on their dime and just awaiting full refund.
Not 100% boars hair and you have yo break it in a little bit, but this brush is insane. It's pretty soft but it somehow seems to turn into a perfect brush as the bristles fray a little bit.
I was very impressed with this kit. However the acrylic powder wasn't easy to use. I looks like gum when you dip the wet brush in the powder. Everything else was worth it.
Not bad, I like this mirror. Only problem I have with it (not really so much a problem) is that it arrived with a chip in the mirror. It's a super small chip right above the charge port. Other than that, it works well and I like it.
These headphones are pretty decent for their price. I enjoy using them when I'm working out. I wish they would include wing tips though.
scent not as strong as I thought it would be..I used it in my garage to keep mice out but the odor is not strong so it probably will not help....not sure yet if it works or not!!!
This is a very nice smell. Very much worth the cost.
I like it. It's very natural-looking.
looks nice. works good. the only thing I can complain is the light ... should be brighter and stronger.
I was skeptical when I put this item in my cart but thought I would give it a try. It was super simple to use and was fast! My daughter's hair is long and goes way down her back and it took us maybe 20 minutes (and I am thinking it was less even) to get all of her hair wrapped up. There is a learning curve in the sense that the first half of her her was dry and it didn't curl as well but still curled. The second half curled well. Very Impressed! However only 4 stars because the strips are coming unsewn and I am going to have to resew them.
This is a wonderful product for me. The color is very natural and it's super easy to apply. The toughest thing (I would think) is not knowing when you are running low. I have no idea how long it will last and you cannot view the remaining pencil. But, in all other ways, love it!
It makes my hands feel nice and smell nice but doesnt keep moisturized for very long and smell fades pretty quickly
These are really pretty and light weight. The color is very pretty. The packs included are more than enough. I was able to complete a regular size head with a little over 3 packs, it gives it a more natural look. The twists are really small. If you use all 8 packs the head might look like a wet mop and very unnatural. This will be better if it has suggested installation techniques. But overall is worth it.
I get compliments when I wear this highlighter. However, it only lasts for a few hours.
I am happy with it! It works everytime!
The lid itself is 2 In x 1 In, the container however is a little smaller at 1 7/8 in x 7/8 in x 3/8. Other than that these are a nifty little tin. If you are into the Altoids Tin kits these fit nicely inside.you could literally fit 6 of these in an Altoids tin and still close it.
The appearance is new but packaging is not manufacturing packaging
As advertised. Sharp ends. Items work well
Item as expected and described.
Great packaging, nice and sleek product. I haven't used it long enough yet to know how it will work but it is well made and I believe it will do as it says!
This soap does a very good job. Cleans well.
Having been taking Viviscal for the recommended 6 month period to achieve maximum benefit. I have noticed a remarkable decline in the amount of hair loss since starting this product.
these work very well however do not add too much pressure because they will break
Great soap, but lasted 1/2 as long as a typical bar soap.
I'm a beginner with wigs. I love the texture and color of this wig! The bangs need to be trimmed and the hair line is a little wonky. But with a hat or toboggan ITS PERFECT! Buying more in different colors.
I liked it. I would recommend it. Gentle smell and it feels good on the skin. I kinda got tired of the scent but hopefully when the bottle was about to run out (maybe that's just me). But besides that, it worked pretty well for me.
Really like these brushes
Good fit just what i needed
Girls loved it but it didnt seem like there was a lot of stuff for their nails. It was ok.
Love the derma roller and the Vitamin C serum. Today was the first time I used it. My skin felt tingly and smooth. I only gave 4 stars because I want to see the results in the next 2 weeks. So far so good!
The consistency of the cream is pretty gelatinous. I assumed mine was ruined, but you just have to work it a bit. Also, make sure you apply a very thin layer or it won't dry.
I liked the wig grip it kept my wig inplace all day and i did not have to use glue, which is the best part.
Great color, not as dark after you shower the next day though. Although this is a spray you have to rub it in because the can will spit out large spots of the liquid on your skin. There are others out there that I prefer better, but I will use these up.
I like the Butter Gloss, they are the best price with nice colors. I rub my lips together a lot so it doesn't stay on long but I will still continue to order these.
Photos of product are over saturated but it's still a decent product and works well with aftermarket magnets. My pics are under florescent light. One picture is with white base coat and the other is with black.
I would recommend giving it a try.
Bought this bottle for my wife smells very good and it's actually a real bottle not no fake
Larger than I expected! Can't wait to try it!
The back scrubber is what I wanted but it needs to be about 4 inches longer.
Nice brush. Has firm bristles and rubber hand grip. It is a little bigger than expected but it does work well.
Color is darker than I expected but the coverage is great . I mix with a light foundation
It was a painful and cheap process but it works.
Very compact and fits great inside of a suitcase or overnight bag. It's NOT big enough for full sized bottles because the main compartment is too short, but travel size items fit fine. It can hold enough items for about two people, but not really more than that. No biggie, I got a second one for the kids and solved that problem. Also, the zipper pulled apart at one point, but I fixed it easily. Honestly, I like this product because of how easy it is to travel with and the multitude of compartments. A few drawbacks, but it's much better than carrying an extra tote-sized bag of toiletries on trips. Saved us lots of room in the car which, for a family of four, is at a premium.
I decided to get this after my old facial treatment dropped in quality. This works just like my old one when its quality was still good. I haven't used this for very long yet, that's why for now I'll rate this 4 stars.
They all came in separate packages but are all pretty decals
Does its job. The hair feels real and flowly. The part looks like it's almost made of plastic and I'm scared to pick it. However, for the price I can't complain.
This is night balm that I really like. It's nourishing and is easy to massage in the skin.
It does what it promises. Excellent! Taking away one star for the container. It's tiny and hard to open, the screw lid gets stuck sometimes.
Really good for the price wish it was a little more noticeable but ill take it for the price.
Received in good condition and hair-dryer is lightweight as advertised.
This item was not well packaged. Half of it spilled out and it was a mess. Tried to contact seller but it read, “no returns or replacements.” Obviously disappointed and feel cheated. Follow up: The shampoo is wonderful. Leaves your hair soft but not fly-away.
My hair is too flat and thin for this product, but it is perfect for thick fluffy hair.
The produc is very different from the pic
i bought this product in 2 colors this was my outcome. I was happy to see the color took even on my once processed hair, meaning it was only bleached once back in Feb of this year.
I like this item very much I kept using the little razors but found those not to be too effective on my facial hair and this product is the solution, I like that it is portable and uses batteries
I usually use rapid lash. However, this is a decent substitute.
I'm over this. I loved it. Could not live without. Discontinued. Price inflated. Now it's time for me to move on.
This is simultaneously the most gross and rewarding item I've ever purchased on Amazon. I thought the electric foot buffer was gross because it got powdered dead skin everywhere, but this? This is some legit snake molting cosplay realness. Summer and sandals have not been kind to my feet and I had a lot to give. It takes about a week to REALLY get results, but when you do, prepare yourself. About 3 days in my husband was already gagging at the sight of the results. Me? I'm a Biology teacher and thing it's fascinating! I haven't tried another type of these so I don't know how they compare. What I do know is that I've tried other callus solutions and nothing has ever been as dramatic as this. It's time consuming but worth it.
These worked perfectly! My husband has size 13 feet and it's been hard to find one that fit, but these did the job!
I have been using this relaxer for years! I love it, its mild and give a good result.
So far this is working in just 2 weeks but it's hard to take every single day brings a lot of acne
We are very pleased with this product. It was recommended by someone in a medical office to try for skin problems.
exactly as described. decent fake nails. great for the price.
It seems to be working. I have only used it for a week now, but I can already see a difference.
I love this cream and I couldn't beat the price. It does a great job of moisturizing while firming up the appearance of your skin.
The suction mechanism comes loose and the mirror falls. Also, not sufficient enough to mount on vertical mirror...had to mount it to the vanity top, but it still comes loose and falls. Need better suction mechanism.
These are sturdy and found to be easy to clean.
I can't live without these make up removers. They are perfect for taking off eye make up and lipstick. I was my face every night, and then use this remover to take off any remaining make up. They are good too for removing mistakes when applying make up. The only thing that I didn't like about this set was that there wasn't a travel pack. I really could have used that.
Good stuff. We may purchase again...but something seems off. The scent is nice, but not as good as one bought in a store. Which is why we wanted to buy more to begin with.
Works great. I find it almost as easy and quick to use as the stuff in a can. The scent reminds me of the soap my grandma had in her house, and I find it pleasing.
I havent figured out long term effects of using this product.
I dont feel it's as great as some other powdered bleach I've used called in that has added oils that help hold your hairs moisture. It really dries it out
Overall this is a good product. I like the convenience of it being like a small lipstick that you can just keep in your purse. I also love the color. The built in light also makes it easy to get all the hairs.
Worked well but found out I was getting small lumps under my arm. Had to discontinue using it.
Seems legit. I see a bunch of reviews saying it's a fake, but it came in legit packaging and looks and works just like the one I had that my cat destroyed. For the price? IDC if it's a fake. It works better than the cheap sponges from other brands and was half the cost of a BB at Ulta or Sephora.
Well made and nippers are sharp
Very soft , no staples, great bath brush.
Used with moisturizer, it helps keep skin hydrated.
Surprisingly impressive suction! It's not just the suction cup but also has a locking cap that you twist and that holds it really tight to the mirror. Light is super bright and 7x magnification is just right.
A lil smaller than I expected but is very cute
These definitely get your teeth clean but feels a bit awkward at first coming off of using a crappy plastic brush. So far, i like these brushes and I feel much better using something that will biodegrade after time, rather than hundreds of years later. A great investment for hygiene and the environment.
I like it but some of the brands don't match up.
I love the look of this makeup bag, although the zippers are not the sturdiest. I am happy with my purchase and I would recommend it, but in my opinion if the case is over stuffed the stitching around the inside zippers will fail.
Works better than other glued ive tried. Better on short nails than long ones.
This product comes in handy with braces and makes flossing much easier. I did find it cheaper elsewhere, but otherwise a good buy.
Good product, but they are huge
I suck at winged eyeliner, and I was hoping this product would be my instant salvation. However, there was a bit of learning curve involved. It might just be my eyes being shaped weird or lack of general finesse, but I had a difficult time actually getting the wings to be even. After a few days of shame, I managed to get the hang of it. My only real complaint is that I'd like the pen side to be a little more on the thin side.
This is a great crimper, however I returned because really big and heavy
Love these brushes they are really soft. Great for their price. Some are too dense depending on what you want to use them for, but the flat top especially is great for buffing in foundation. And I love the pointed brush for eyeshadow in the crease. I find a couple of the brushes I can't find a specific/unique use for but overall a great intermediate's set.
It goes on smooth and stays pretty well. The Cherry color is much darker than I expected.
Blocks light well, made well, but too hot for me. This might be perfect for a cold environment, or someone who has trouble keeping warm. Not good for perimenopausal ladies. :)
Love these, colors are so amazing, cut is precise, great for trims
My favorite hairspray.
I got this product mainly because I have bad breath in the morning and read it helps with that. My husband also wanted something to whiten his teeth. It is definitely making our teeth whiter! Unfortunately my breath still stinks. Maybe I need to go see a doctor.
Great size for the price. Should last a while.
This has good reviews, so purchased it.
Good clips. Works well
Beautiful color, elegant design, but the weight and noise is standard, just like all other $20-30 dryers. Unless you use low power, it is much quieter on low. The color matches all light color bathrooms, pretty look.
This razor surprised me with how well it works. It is well worth the money. I have 4 stars because I dont like the power button but it shaves very well
Very handy and easy to manage
it arrived in good time and it is hairspray so it is used on the hair
Nice package. Not sure if it works or not. My husband doesn't use it.
Very pretty and easy to use
I use this cream after using Shea Moisture's Hair Masque. I let my hair dry in a microfiber towel for a while, then take it off and use this cream. I smooth it in then scrunch. I don't think this is the intended use for this particular cream, but it works pretty well for my 2C hair. I took off one star because it does feel a bit sticky and I might switch to a gel in the future. For now, it works as my hair is getting used to being wavy/curly and not brushed out into a frizzy mess.
It works great. Not to loud. Smooth to work with.
They dont stay on very long but worth it for the price
Cheap cost, quick to use, good
UPDATE: The company mailed me 2 new spray triggers that seem to work so far. Both triggers on the large spray bottles have already started to malfunction. Each bottle is still at least half full with the first batch of cleaner I put in them. The bottles are pretty useless to me if the spray triggers aren't working. It did come with one extra trigger, but one working trigger (and who knows how long it will work) for 2 bottles is pointless. I'm giving 2 stars instead of one, because the small spritz bottles work just fine.
Why is this little silicone brush so nice? Dunno, but it feels so comforting, better than my fingers when scrubbing my hair. Even been caught brushing thru my dry hair for the massaging feeling. Very nice.
Pretty brush. Like the air flow that you get with this barrel.
It is soft, but a little more flimsy than i expected. size is good, thankfully doesn't leave lint/bits of cotton, but i find that for entire face usage (I use it to remove makeup), it starts to fall apart when i swipe it across my face a couple of times. It works great for eyes (I use a separate one for each eye, and then one more for my whole face, and it's that last piece for my whole face that breaks apart). I was previously using a much cheaper cotton pad bought from Daiso, that did not fall apart as easily (that one was 100% cotton but not organic unbleached, which I know is important to a lot of people). It's nice, but I end up using more squares than previously, since now i'd need minimum two sheets of this for my face. Probably will not repurchase, going to go back to Daiso and hopefully they have the type i like restocked.
For the price, it's a very nice kit! I bought this mainly for the nose trimmer, but also wanted something that I can use to save my very small and light mustache. This tuned out great for the nose trimmer, but I ended up buying a separate and MUCH more expensive trimmer for my mustache. This kit is priced very well for what you get. The rechargeable batteries last a good amount of time. It's also a lightweight and compact kit that is really nice to travel with.
The trimmer is really nice, and works perfectly. However, my husband was hoping for more of an all-purpose trimmer for beard, ears, nose, etc. This is not that. I'm not sure where the misunderstanding comes from, but that was a disappointment for him.
Good dryer. Lightweight. Settings is simple enough to use. Dries hair quickly. I gave this 4 stars because the attachment nozzle always comes off before I start to dry my hair or when putting away it in cabinet. Even if I try to screw nozzle on, it still comes off easily.
Flimsier than I was expecting.
The smell is fabulous. I haven't been able to use it consistently enough to see if It is working. I have tendinitis and am hoping it will help!
Very weak lamps. Had to dry each nail longer than 4 mins. But the service is very helpful. They took seriously my first review and they refunded the order. I'm very satisfied.
Decent. Get the job done
Absorbs very fast. However, I wouldn't recommend it for someone with very dry skin. I have dry skin in winter months and I need a night cream that moisturizes much more than this does. I actually use it as a daytime cream and it works great, but wouldn't work for a nighttime cream for me or someone with really dry skin
OK like im sure a lot of people have I saw this product floating around social media and the internet and wondered it if really works? Well let me tell ya it does! I love this thing and for the price yes please! It is a little bit bigger than I thought it would be probably double the size of a lipstick tube but is still as discrete as one. The plastic is a little cheaper feeling as well and it does sound like a normal electric razor. I have a beauty mark mole above my lip that started to get a lot of hair as I got older and I really got sick of using wax or a little brow razor to try and get rid of the hair and if I forgot to do it while I was home then I was stuck with it all day. I love this fits in my bag and just two or three swipes over the area and its a close shave, feels just like I got it waxed!
This brush works great! The reason for only four stars is because I have short hair and it made it a little hard to manuever and the bristles would scrape my scalp. While they're not sharp or anything, it was a little annoying. But otherwise, it did do the job and my mom likes it as well. It's sturdy and comfortable to hold. I also like that it came with hair clips, because with my thick hair, it made the process easier.
This is a great little 3 way mirror. I use it at my table to sit and use as a make up mirror. Perfect size. I like that it folds up and that I can adjust the side panels. I like the magnifying mirror, but I don't use the suction cups to attach it to the main mirror. I just have to take it off again when I want to fold up the main mirror. I am fine with using the mag mirror as a hand held for a quick close up check. I do NOT like the built in light and I don't use it. I don't find it helpful, but rather distracting as a light source. This light doesn't project onto the subject being viewed in the mirror -- it just produces bright light on both sides of the center portion of the 3-way. If anything, I think it makes it harder to see. I use my daylight desk lamp with adjustable neck to illuminate my face instead.
I have not been using this product for very long. It has not yet helped my eye lashes to grow. However, this is an awesome hand lotion. Just a bit warmed in the palm of my hands keeps my skin happy for hours.
Was easy to install and find it well built, just wish the LED lighting was a little brighter. I am using it to put on and take off contact lenses.
The towel came as described and is really nice. Only downside is that since it is microfiber it takes a VERY LONG time to dry. I find myself having to put it through the dryer after every use.Honestly the rating should be 5/5 for service.
I have somewhat dry skin and this product does the trick. I do not use a makeup remover, just use a little extra of this cleansing gel, and it removes my makeup. Just do a little extra gentle rubbing near the eyes for makeup removal. This is a great price for a great product and I will buy it again.
I used this on my face after cleansing, before bed. It feels very lightweight out of the bottle, but feels a little thicker and sticky when applied to the skin. My hands were sticky for a few minutes until it soaked in. Fine with me. It has a refreshing light scent that's kind of spearmint. I like the price point!
This a great spray bottle. The price was awesome for two. I use it everyday to moisturize my hair. Love it. Gave the second one to my aunt. She loves it. Simple design, great quality.
I was able to keep it on my feet for the full 90 minutes, some people have complained of extreme tingling, but I didn't experience that. In the days afterwards my feet were very itchy, and started peeling. The packaging says to not pick at it, but as with a sunburn, who can resist! I did wear socks quite a lot to try to keep my hands off them, and keep skin from falling all over the house. It's 6 days past when I used the mask, and I'm still peeling quite a bit, but not itching as badly. Overall I really like it, and may use it again in about a month to resolve the thickest part at heels and balls of feet.
The brush works to style my hair. It works great. I like the way my hair looks, but I find it leaves my hair with some frizz. Maybe is because I need to add some product to my hair before styling and not the brush.
Smells good. Feels great. Will buy again. Nuff said. 👍🏼
Well made and do the job. Recommended
I love how well this product keeps my skin moisturized. Lasts all day. I do wish it had a scent option. It is scent free, not bothersome I just like a light scent. The body wash scent is perfect.
Been going through a lot of antiseptic mouthwash lately after my dentist gave me dire warnings and I finally bought a water flosser. I love the brand name version of this product, but the quantity I was using twice a day as a half/half mixture in the water flosser was $$$. I live the fact that this comes in a full case of bottles - no worry about running out. Both teenage son and I agree that it is milder feeling than the name brand, so if you find that product too hard, this is maybe 2 notches gentler. I assume that the ingredients for antiseptic are just as good as the name brand - only time and my dentist will tell if it worked. Until then, it is in use 2x a day with the water flosser (hi Dr. J if you are reading this!)
Arrived nicely packaged in a box. The jade is solid and cooling but the roller squeaks when rolling.
I like this product. It blots away all the oil just as advertised.
It seems to be helping. Puffiness is less then when I started.
I would have given it four stars, but when it is about half full the foam comes out very slowly and you should get more washes from a single can.
This is great for travel and keeping all of my under garments in one place. It doesn't work if I pack things on top of it. It will squish down! I wish that the underwear pockets were bigger or it was just 1 big pocket on the top. I'm one of those people who take 14 pairs of underwear for a week trip. You never know if you'll need a back up pair!
It gets the job done well enough for my hair.
This stuff is a miracle! I was down to almost no eyebrows at all and spent my mornings drawing on eyebrows. I HATE that! I was considering my options and was almost at the point of having eyebrows tattooed on. Then I came across this item on Amazon. It was expensive, but I figured what the heck. I may as well try it before I take on the permanent tattoo option. WOW! I followed the directions and put it on my brows twice a day. Once in the morning and once before bed. 5 weeks later I had eyebrows. The tiny tube lasted almost exactly 5 weeks. Why only 4 stars you ask? The tube is tiny and expensive. Much like any other hair growth product it seems that you will require continued use to keep from losing your brows. Maybe not twice a day, but probably a light coat once a day. I stopped using the product and my brows seemed to thin. I purchased another tube to stop the thinning but they seemed to be resistant to regrowth. I am satisfied with my brows right now. I decided to try an eyebrow growth product from a different manufacturer. I received 2 tubes the same size for half the price. So far so good. All of that being said, if I find that my brows are again disappearing, I won't hesitate to purchase this product. It really works for brow regrowth!!!
I like it . It isn't moist but that doesn't matter. It seems to work well. I would recommend
Good toothbrush- will buy again.
I don't really like the slanted tip. For me it makes it harder to apply. The colors work well for me.
leaks a little bit through the glove but gets the job done
Definitely drys your hair faster compared to if you use a normal towel. My only thing is that my hair sits right on top of my chest and the towel can barely hold all of my hair so I had to be a little strategic about it. Worth it though!
Purchased for dry eyes.
It was a good wig, just the cap was small. Had to return it.
Speaker is not the best quality. Low sound levels only. Great for the office.
Some of my stuff has dried up so air might be leaking in.
Works like it should, takes a bit longer than it does in the salon, but I can't complain!
This product is better then using that charcoal powder.
These nail clippers are nice to keep for an emergency, I would not use them daily as they will probably not last very long based on the feel of the construction. They do have a nice carry case. They are nice and sharp.
This product is like a typical physical sunscreen it last very long which is a plus and protects you from UVA and UVB rays, however it does leave a noticeable white cast. You can prevent the white cast if you don't put too much, so if you have darker skin be careful. But this is a very effective product.
I like how this works. It does the job quickly, but leaves my feet kind of rough. I wish it had a longer run time though. It has to charge for an awfully long time for it to last less than an hour.
At this price, you can clean and exfoliate your skin AND afford to buy some for your skin-envied friends!
good deal for the price compared to others and they work
Love the colors but they are hard to work with. Only one of the polishes went on nice. They do look good and I haven't had any peeling or chipping.
Accurate description, really useful! all my makeup brushes fit perfectly!
Very nice wig its vwry soft and love the color i just wish the ombre was longer and not black but dark brown on top but overall a very cute style color is more yellow blond
I use this every morning and night. Skin feels refreshed after applying it. I like the that there is no scent to it. Would be great to have a bigger bottle. This one lasted about for a month.
Been using it for a week. It keeps my undereye moisturized and nourished.
Great product and fast shipping!
Exactly what I need it! Works great
i loved how easy it was to apply and stick. the only issue i had was the length. with regular falsies you can clip the excess but it's not the same since these have little magnets on them. they really are such a pretty set of lashes and though it takes a minute to get use to, they are pretty gorgeous.
They pull out our hair.
Does a good job of organizing your stuff. Not very sturdy. Mine sits crooked. It will smash if you put something heavy on this.
I can't say I know a great deal about face creams but I do like how this one goes on my face. It isn't oily, like the few I have tried, and it goes smooth. This is my first Loreal face cream and I can't say I see it doing a great deal of difference to my face beyond softer skin however I am impressed enough to say this will not be my last Loreal face cream.
The handle came off, I think the glue was not strong enough. Overall the brushes didn't shed or bleed. There was a big variety of brushes.
These are decent bath bombs. They don't bubble and fizz like the Sky Organics bombs so that's why I gave them 4 stars. They do smell great, the toys are cool for the kids, and you can't beat the value for what you get.
Works well enough & is very gentle to your damaged or dry skin. But it's much thinner than I have used with other similar products, it's almost watery- so you use alot more of it. Also there's no foaming or visible exfoliating action, so it's kind of hard to really know if you are doing anything other than wiping it on yourself. Not sure if I'll reorder...I'll need to see the results are worth it. I mainly ordered based on the larger size compared to smaller amounts & higher prices on comparable products. But I seem to use more of this because it's so watery, so I'm not sure there's any value in the larger size.
if you need just nice natural look this is best
My boyfriend has a nut allergy, so this works great for him. He's loved the back massages I give since I bought this oil. It smells good and takes awhile to rub in. I might buy more once it runs out.
This is a nice product if your skin is oily to combination. It has a very light spa like fragrance and doesn't irritate my skin or break me out. I just wish it was more hydrating since my skin is on the dry side. The product does absorb nicely and doesn't sit on your face but with a sleeping mask I prefer a thicker texture for more hydration. The price is great, you receive a ton of product- it would have been 5 stars if it offered more hydration. My face does look a little smoother but nothing life changing. I may repurchase in the summer when my skin isn't so dry. But oily skin people would love this. I purchased this with my own money.
Because you'll think it smells really bad. Which it does! But I also have no point of reference.
I love the scent of this cream and it feels very nice on the skin. The massager is not too rough and works great to soak the cream in. I noticed a difference when I was consistently using th cream, however when I stopped using it everyday, it didn't work nearly as well.
They work fine but you have to change them daily. Wish they were more water resistant because they come right off in the shower.
I'm finding my face is breaking out (clogged pores). When that has happened to me in the past, it seemed to be a case of the product being oil rather than water based. I am not encountering the problem anywhere but on my face.
So, this thing is clever science. The friction of pulling the wig against the grain on the velvet on the band causes it to stay in place. It works. Now, if you right the wig WITH the grain of the velvet (the opposite direction), it still falls. This isn't an issue at all, but something to note. While styling my wig, I flipped the band around, changing the grain direction so I could brush the fibres without the wig shifting.
I've tried so many hand soap and I have to say this would remain one of my favorites. It helps my hands stay clean while not hurting my sensitive skin. I have to say the fresh scent is okay. I personally like it very much but my friend would not. Also, it does not have a moisturizing feature. But this is a value purchase.
The packaging was nice and I like the product, but the essence toner popped on its way here and leaked so the inside of the package was sticky. Probably because of high pressure. I wonder what they can do to fix that.
Didn't do anything else
Seem to last the longer than other brans.
I bought 2 and one worked great but the other one keeps shedding big chunks of the hair and makes a big mess when I wear it.
Very good product! I've been looking for something like this for a long time. After using 5-7 minutes per leg 3 times a week I can see that my legs look smoother smoother.
Works great took one star off for the smell
This was a gift. I love it overall, but the only useful thing is the spout for flossing. The rest of the toolset kinda useless: toothbrush with water is nonsense as the toothpaste would wash off before you even start brushing. I expected a bit more power to it, but it's okay for home use. Have to be careful as it can leak all over the counter, and the switch on the handle better be on the off side when you turn it on, as it can switch up position when you store it if you're not careful. Overall it does a good job, and my dentist had recommended a waterpik for a while for me, so I could get flossing properly under my bridge.
Great products!! Have used with my essential oils. No leaking. Nothing was broken. Will definitely order again
Nice fragrance. It leaves skin a bit shiny, but does seem to moisturize. A little bit goes a long way with this cream. Does not irritate my skin which is a plus for sure.
Very good quality, still they need to make it more gentle for sensitive skin
Liked the size and that the battery life is pretty good.
While I like this product and use it daily, I have yet to be swarmed by beautiful women. Oh well...
Great product feet were much softer.
The idea behind this is great. I am giving it 4 stars because it really does cut my styling time in half. The first time I used it, I thought my hair looked like Oprah's in the early 2000s, but once I got used to it, my hair looked better. The heat settings are different...low is basically cool air. I'm guessing it's meant to help with frizz, because otherwise it's useless. If I turn it to medium, it sounds like it's on high, but the amount of heat is about right. The high setting gets extremely hot, but the motor sounds like it's going at medium speed. Once I figured this all out, I've liked it. I don't know how long it'll last and I wonder about dust settling on it over time and how to clean it. Mine came with no instructions and it had obviously been opened before. It did not look used.
Brought it to an 80th birthday party for the hostess. She loved it and she looked like a prom queen.
Good price, most smell good except the musk ones and that's the one that was duplicated
Product works, does not get hair really straight
I love being able to do this at home, especially the french. I'm still learning to perfect it every time I use it. Only downside is that it damages my already weak nails.
The cream itself is really good and I'm very happy with it. The price is good too, especially since I've been used to buying high end creams for $50 and over, so this is definitely a great change for my pocket. The only problem I have with this product is that the bottle comes as a pump and the pump was broken in every single bottle I received. I received 4, that includes 2 replacements that I hoped would have a working pump. So to use the cream I had to break the bottle and put it in a different container. I tried that with the first bottle and after liking the cream, I did the same for the remaining bottles. I probably won't buy anymore due to the inconvenience of having to break the container, but I definitely like the cream enough to keep what I already have. It's texture is smooth and it is not greasy. After 2 weeks of use I can definitely feel the change in my overall skin appearance, smoothness and texture. I have oily skin and this product is also great for oily skin, because it is not greasy and I don't feel like it's caked on or clogging my pores. In general I'm very happy with the way my skin feels and looks, and have to say I'd put it on the same level of high-end creams that I'm used to using in the past, except for the fraction of the cost.
I like the product, it makes your grays and whites look pretty instead of dull but you need to use some extra conditioner because whatever it has in it is definitely not enough.
Love the product really extends my lashes. You have to put on regular mascara first then this product makes your lashes look like they are false.
it kinda works. it does plump your lips. i noticed that it plumps my upper lip more than the lower lip. so I'm having troubles with that. also, it doesn't really last that long. you need to do over and over, would say in a couple of hours or so. which is kinda bad cus you don't want your lips to get super bruised (so be gentle). just make to use it when you're ready to put in your lips gloss/lipstick. shipping was late too. supposed to come in on Sunday. but overall i will use this to give my lips an extra boost. very good alternative instead of getting lip injection.
Decent price for a decent pair of hair shears. I bought these because the pair at Ulta I bought were $20 whereas these were much cheaper.
I love the shape, it's perfect for what I want shape wise! However just so you know, it is thicker and curvier than the non clear versions. I found it harder to text with them unless I shortened them to an inch at the least.
Great product and strength to it. Only thing that looses a star for me is that after 2 hours or so my hair just looks really dry and looks as if it didn't have product in the first place
Love this water flosser! I always have food in between my teeth that have bigger spaces in between and this flosser shoots them out! Had to get used to using this as I splattered the mirror a couple of times! The only problem is I still have to floss every now and then when it cannot take out food that is stuck between teeth that are tight together. Otherwise I'm happy I don't have to floss everyday as I feel this water flosser is a cleaner way to do this nasty job!
This is the only soap that actually cleans pours better than other non antibacterial soap. The old formulation witth triclosan was much better tho.
We have an Airbnb & wanted to offer shampoo & conditioner. I like that both were combined in one order. The packaging is attractive.
Loved this dryer because it folded. Use in an RV and it's perfectly lightweight, takes up very little room, but it is definitely a travel dryer. Small so not the same results as my home dryer.
As described. Would be 5 stars if all 50 were present.
I have fine, dry hair, and this co-wash works well for me for daily use. However, it's more conditioner than shampoo so my hair looks greasy if I try to skip a day. Not a bit deal for me, though.
This hair is very lightweight and soft. It is very easy to twist and separate if you start untwisting from one end then separate the other end while moving up to the middle of the hair. I used 2 packs and I have hair left. I will purchase again.
Great quality product, packaging, and service.
This has been really helpful to keep in the fridge for migraine attacks and I think will be even better in the summer when ice melts too quickly to be at all helpful. I already bought a backup.
Material of good quality. Adequate size for my purposes!
I got this wig a year ago, curled it, wore it to a con, etc. It's a good wig for beginning cosplayers or testing out a cosplay to see if you like it or not. It's thin in the back, which makes it very breathable around the neck, but it also failed to hide my wig caps underneath. Trying to restyle it has been a bit of an annoyance. I recommend keeping it straight. If your character has curly hair, please get a curly wig. The hairs seem to have become frizzy and messy, even after washing out product and treating with fabric softener.
I love dial foaming soap! My only complaint is that it doesn't smell like anything. Guess I'll go back to the Apple scent!
I think it nourishes my skin on my face. Gives my the oil I need at my age.
It's different kind of olive oil. Because it's showing olive oil but inside have cream. Smell is good. U don't need body perfume or lotion.
The trimmer work well with a bit noise but it's ok. Recommended.
I'm probably doing something wrong but I cannot get this towel to stay on my head at all! It's like the size of a hand towel. My hair is chin length. It also does not dry fast, but I live in Florida, so maybe it's the humidity, I dunno. I love the scrunchie and pick!
Other than a lil messy works as said
Great nail drill! Compact and good power! I like that it's easily portable. This is a great nail drill for nail DIYers.
Has little to no smell, just need a small amount to work into hair, my hair is longer and needs a bit more but holds up pretty well for the most part. I still find myself needing hairspray after but all in all a good product that will last you a good amount of time.
Love the texture. Does not clog pores and has improved my skins texture. I'm not sure that it helps with wrinkles but if bumps are what's concerning you try this out!
Somewhat small, but a very handy item to apply powder.
Great moisturizer for the face, but definitely for the nighttime! I have noticed wrinkle lines looking less severe and less deep.
Arrived early Quality of item is good.
I liked these. I wore them for my wedding. They clipped nicely, tight, and were shiney. They didn't slip out like most barrettes.
Nice product but such a small amount for the price and drys out too quickly.
It just works. Use in combination with cleaners and exfoliating and your skin will improve.
I was looking specifically for a bag like this. It is a little larger than I would like but it does hold all my makeup and can easily spread out so all products are easily visible.
I have RLS and take a RX drug. The drug helps. This calming creme helps too. Sometimes nothing works. I appreciate the calming lotion. It has helped. I would probably order it again.
Got these as a gift for my daughter, she loves them.
I'm rating both the product and the packaging. I love this shampoo and conditioner, my stylist uses it when I visit her at the beauty salon and it leaves my hair super soft and shiny. The packaging however, was bad. I think when packing the product, the shampoo wasn't closed tight enough and it spilled inside the box. I just washed it off and it was all good. Happy with my product.
I think these are a great value if you are looking for something cute. You get a variety of cute patterns for a fantastic price, and I definitely think they are worth buying. They are made out of a soft knit cotton t-shirt like material which is just what I wanted. Just know if you want to use these to workout or just casually wear them for a long time that you may have to readjust them as they like to slip back and then off in those instances, at least on my hair which is really sleek. I also have a medium-large head so that probably plays a part. It's definitely not a deal-breaker and I am sure once I wear them more they will stretch out a bit.
This was a Christmas gift and thankful I received it before the delivery date.
I use this product for everything!
A great natural product and very easy on skin. Absorption takes a little time
Awesome Product been using over thirty plus years and it still does a wonderful job of cleaning conditioning and radiating your skin !! Awesome job!!
Great color and coverage. Mixed results in chipping off vs. staying for a few days.
This is a nice, light face cream with a very faint, pleasant scent. It soaks in very quickly and doesn't leave a greasy film on the skin. I'm a lady of a certain age, so it's not quite as intense a moisturizer as I was looking for (otherwise I would have given it 5 stars). I have sensitive skin and this cream did not cause any reaction at all. I would recommend this for someone whose skin needs light moisturizer, but if you have more dry skin I'd say it's a little too light. No fears for sensitive skin either, which is a big plus.
For the record, any magnification less than 8X isn't worth the bother. But higher than 8X causes the mirror to be curved so much it narrows the window of clarity and you have to hold it "just so" to see.
It is easy to use, and even though I was a little scared it may pull the hair out, it didn't. It even comes with a little mini shaved for trimming around the edges of a beard or eyebrows. My only complaint is that the cap keeps coming off. But that is manageable.
Product is a great value and definitely delivers as promised. Noticeable results after a week. I will be buying again for sure. Half the price of competitors!
The bristles are a bit stiff. The bottom of the handle has a magnet, so I can hang it easily.
Good fit to the brush. I glued one to keep it together, but until now they work as intended...
I like that it is easy to put the hair band on and that there are compartments to put loose hair clips. I don't like that the compartments do not screw together to prevent from falling off if tipped over. Each part sits on top of one another and if it falls, all the contents fall out. This product must be put in a safe spot so it is knocked over.
It works well. But a bit long to easily take it. Anyway still like it. It can hold the phone hardly.
Truly does dry in seconds but top coat doesn't prevent chipping any better than any other top coat
Love the unit itself too but it breaks very easily. You have to be careful not to drop it or it's done.
Everything came as shown on the product listing. I have no complaints, the cutter works well and the nails aren't bad. I have not tried the glue. I also realized that they were a small amount of nails but the glue and the cutter make up for the cheaper price but for starters this was a great purchase.
I liked it but the polish was cheap,it didn't look like real gel polish.
Using this for a while now to groom. It's great to use feels great in the hands and the battery life is okay. Sometimes I even forget to charge.
This was darker than I expected.
Works great on my hair, out of all of them this is the one I will continue to buy. Always loved this product, it's definitely way better than what you would buy at local stores, this actually does not dry your hair out!! Customer for life!
It seems that it works but I'm really disappointed cuz I've been using it twice a day as recommended and it only lasted 12 days.. Not even 2 weeks
Works nicely with my poly gel product (happy gel). Wish the brush was a little longer and the pieces that cover it up when you are finished using it, for better. Overall, not bad.
I'm not really sure how I felt about this polish set from laguna moon. They have great products. But I ended up only liking 2 of the 5 colors, when I thought I would like them all.
great smell, a little goes a long way, and my hair looks and feel fantastic
I like the colors and the staying power of these glosses. A good value for my money. They are a bit sticky so only 4 stars.
Nice hair this is my 2nd time purchasing!! My only issue is the closure I have to contact the seller because the closure is extremely thin!
About half were really nice
I would like to have pockets for the large items not just an area
Being that this floss has no teflon, it's safe to use. Sometimes it's a bit weak and does not stay together in a tight spot. Still very happy with this floss.
There are three different suction pressures which are pretty strong. Be forewarned, the suction pressure can be too much if left in one section for too long. There were red marks left behind on my skin. My face did feel smoother after using it though and I found it extremely handy for getting oil out of my nose area.
Like the scent. I have the worst break out of my life now so I'm hoping this will help. Only used for a few days now
A bit bulky but keeps things neatly stored away and protects bottles etc esp in suitcase
These cups were bigger than I expected, but for the price I'm satisfied
When I was reading the reviews before buying I kept seeing how people were surprised at how small the container was. I was like come on guys obviously it's not gonna be that big, but oh my gosh it's the baby version of the small container of vaseline. I took a picture of the container next to a penny for sizing purposes, but personally I think its adorable and like it for my purse. The product itself is good but it a little sweeter version of the original vaseline but overall not that different. It gets the job done!
The band rubs my edges and behind my ears its pretty uncomfortable
Delivered quick . smells good
Very nice, soft, comfortable pliable lashes, yes they are a bit long for my taste, but a little trim easily customize them to your preferred length. The one thing for the lost of a star is the eyeliner..not waterproof at all it just takes a little bit of moisture, the liner comes off, I can remove it with a lightly damp water base wipe. If you purchase the lashes, just keep in mind the additional cost of a real waterproof magnetic liner.
really pretty but falls out easily on thicker hair
nice coverage, light color
I really like this wax. The purple/lavender seems to work best in my hair, and I am pleased with these beans. They melt down nicely and it has been easy to figure out how to apply. You may need to do some trial-and-error to figure out what thickness works best on your hair and to get the hang of application and removal.
Nice lotion that moisturizes. I use it on feet, hands and elbows. Was hoping it would smell more like coconut. Price is a bit high but I like the convenience of the pump.
Nice looks like a bib but it's okay
GOOD STUFF TO USE FOR HAIR THAT IS CURL ONLY NEED A LITTLE PUT ON HAIR
It's a good product but it melts quickly i like the smell and on my skin i have sensitive skin.
This is my second microcurrent product. I purchased a Nuface years ago, it broke and decided to give this product a try, because of the reviews. It pulls wayyyy more current than the Nuface! This product was also less than they Nuface by hundreds! Very glad I purchased. It's only been a week- so I can't tell yet if it's “working” but the current I feel gives me hope!
A life saver! Only negative is that it makes my head itch after several hours of wear. I definitely have to wash my head as soon as I get home.
Feels nice on the face
Since using this product I havent seen any chances yet to my skin. I have been dealing with blemishes and acne for a very long time so once I dealt with my acne i had terrible acne scars so I wanted to use this product. It been two weeks and I havent seen any chances yet so I dont have much to say about it but I will continue this review once I see results. For the smell I dont mind it since it is natural ingredients and its not packed with unnecessary fragrances so thats a plus. For my sensitive skin I still have redness on my cheeks and by morning its light pink so we;ll see how it goes...
I bought this hair based on how many high reviews it has and honestly, I regret it. While it feels nice out the package, once you wash it, it's a whole other story. First when I washed it the water turned yellow, so I know it's been dyed, it also has a weird reddish color to it. The hair had tons of random string and other fibers along the weft that I had to pull out as I went. I went ahead and made a wig with the bundles and frontal. The nape area tangles HORRIBLY everyday and I don't even sweat on my neck much. The hair feels coated in some type of waxy material, but it also feels like plastic, much like Barbie hair. I've conditioned this hair to the max and still experience so much tangling, shedding, matting, etc. I would not recommend this hair to anyone. Save your money. EDIT: After my review, the seller reached out to me and worked with me so both parties were happy. The customer service is pretty great which gets them the four stars, but overall I did not like the hair. Thank you again for the help.
Not as bright as it appears. It's a bit more muted and not as yellow.
it is fine but not great
Nice eyeliner,glad I tried it!
I realty liked it, and it took off all of my black heads and actually some of the peach fuzz that I had on my face. However, it hurt quite a bit to take it off and was very hard to put on and take out of the tube it comes in. All in all it is a very good product, but I wouldn't use it overly often just because of the pain it is to put on and take off. I do really like the feeling that it left on my face, it took almost all of my impurities out and left my face silky smooth.
Another valuable lesson. Face it, waxing is uncomfortable no matter what. Takes a lot of prep time, gotta get temperature just right. This wax makes is convenient (microwave safe container). I've been waxing for 25+ years, and have used MANY, many different waxes. I didn't come to find this until maybe 2 years ago. I recently starting waxing my daughter, and after trying a different wax, supposedly super gentle for sensitive skin, I went back for this one. I love that it grips the hair without getting so hot like with other waxes, and the first pull with often do the job. When you wax, you want it over with as quick as possible with just one application. This makes that happen. When done right, you can say 'goodbye' to unwanted hair the first time. It's also gentle enough with minimal skin irritation, that goes away in a few minutes. My only suggestion, is that it this particular wax would come in a can for my wax warmer. I prefer to use a wax warmer for bigger jobs. so i don't have to keep reheating. Plus, I don't usually have a microwave in my bathroom, where I wax and keep all my waxing gear.
Almost clear, Hardly any color at all. Comes off pretty well with regular remover.
It works and the mirror flip is great!
Not strong enough. Takes time to dry nails
It doesnt super plump up your lips but it does a little something. Its also just really good, pong lasting gloss.
Good stuff but irritates my scalp.
It's a good cup, came exactly as expected. I just ordered a different one with the whisk ball though as my protein mix is super thick & I feel like I would like to try one without the screen, seems a lot of my mix is getting caught up in the holes. Not a bad purchase at all though, I'll continue to use it on my thinner mixes like pre workouts & such.
I wish it held more water and wasn't a noisy
The black plastic screw on this gun came broken off. I don't want to return the whole kit but it's there a way to get just this gun replaced? I can't find contact info for seller. Thanks!
The brushes were nice quality. Some of the brushes are a little too large, so they are hard to get full coverage on. Overall, pretty good purchase.
I Personally I wanted to love this product as it was an upgrade on a much older electric toothbrush. I was interested in the Bluetooth connection in only a minor way as I'm a tech geek and when it worked I was interested to know my habits and goals. After a week or two I'd get failure to detect brush or if I didn't have the phone (and app) open the app would notify me later of my failures to brush. Now granted this wasn't always an issue and like my Bluetooth scale I've grown accustomed to carrying my phone with me and opening the required apps but this quickly became tedious. I found myself going back to manual toothbrushes as I wasn't going to buy new heads on a product that is so annoying. I'm sure there are many ways to laud this product but I'm just not feeling the vibes here. for the price I paid I could have bought a LOT of manual toothbrushes just pay attention to how I brush like any normal person should be able to do and save myself the time and trouble. I would not buy again.
Doing good so far. Mainly just needed to get used to the water to face wash ratio.
Works great, I Brazilian wax myself and the auto temp is really helpful doesn't get too hot. When the light is red it means it's heating up and when it gets to blue it means it's ready to be used. I would like it a tad bit hotter when it's on blue because I like a less thicker consistency but it still works great
Gave one of this mist spray to my mom and she said it makes her feel super young and beautiful. Keeps her face moisturized and bright.
This is a good thing to have around since all of my eye shadow applicators seem to lose their foam tips long before the eye shadow is used up, I am hopeful that these will last longer and not lose the foam tips as quickly as the original ones do.
Love this for my long, thick, dry, wavy hair. Paired with Renpure's whipped coconut leave in conditioner this is the BEST combo of products I have found in a long time. Leaves my hair soft and flexible (must work in the product otherwise it will be slightly crunchy). Only four stars because my bottle came with a broken pump (soooooo annoying!). Will definitely buy again.
Love this wig, everyone loves it and I will buy it again.
It was a little hard. Nice quality but on the large size.
Used it for an elf costume - made two large side buns. Hair was perfect length for styling and wonderful texture and color for stage. Would not wear as a real wig because of the hair line but excellent quality for cosplay or Halloween.
Works well. Wish they lasted longer.
My mom has MS and has trouble swallowing . I'm not sure if it helps long term but it does help to calm down her pain when she has a coughing fit. Great peppermint taste and pure alternative to store bought synthetics.
I bought this product for my leg cramps which it does help and also helps with the burning that I get in my legs.
...I stopped using it. Just couldn't get used to it.
works well...rounds out the toiletries you can carry on board...only thing is I wish they were taller and skinnier!
Comfortable and easy to mold
The hair was delivered on time. Feels great and does not smell funny. I'm a hairstylist so I will give and update about its durability and how it feels after shampoo. Also like that the sell threw a feee lash. I'm pleased so far
This is a very good product, but the color is very light and yellow in tone. Not really beige color.
I like it , the colorful side is really pigmented the neutral side needs to Be built up overall a good palette I recommend it
I had originally purchased this from a friend who is selling it. I was happy to find it here costing less!
I love that these masks hydrate my face so well. I usually leave them on 20-30 minutes and then massage in the extra liquid into my face. They seem to tone and calm my skin as well. I suffer from slight rosacea and I have sensitive skin these masks have never irritated my skin which is a big plus for me. My only real complaint is they are sometimes hard to unfold without tearing, but once you get the hang of it they work wonders for your skin.
As soon as I unboxed it I knew I loved it. I would recommend plucking and making baby hairs for a realistic look. It is pretty dense and the hair feels soft. I can't wait to curl it. It fits perfectly.
I have been using this makeup for awhile now & love it. U don't need that much & it covers great. Goes on easily, smoothly & feels great on, lasts until U take it off with just a washing or damp cloth. Having the additional concealer is great for under eye cover up or for any little flaws on UR face. Gives U 2 make ups in 1. B sure 2 get the best skin tone match!
This product actually works very well and holds up all day. The photos you see with the condensation inside the package is because it is a CREAM kit, and will have moisture. After opening, I haven't seen any additional moisture. I apply this with a powder and liquid foundation, although would work better with a liquid.
Loved it on my dark brown hair, it didn't turn red but had a hint. Still like the product
Works great at home but too bulky for travel It's big and takes a while to dry, I like the cooler setting
Price is good and it is convenient. trying to figure out how to use th lotion when traveling. Can't take the big bottle.
A little smaller than I had hoped for but it is pretty and holds my hair well
Dries your face out. Doesn't really work
Pretty decent toner that seems to help calm down my acne. I use about 5-6 pumps of this on a cotton pad for my face and neck. It has a light citrus scent and doesn't irritate my skin.
The scent could have been stronger coconut
Lasts for awhile and does moisturize
great product but hard to use for...
So here is the deal, I have super sensitive skin and love all things THM. This is a hit and a miss for me. The hit, the smell is wonderful and the cream is very silky and just thick enough to be a winter cream but maybe a heavy cream if you need it in hot weather. Here is the miss, it broke me out. I kept using it because I did not want to believe it, but it just kept breaking me out. However, that should not stop anyone else with normal skin as mine is super sensitive on my face. I do use it as a hand cream. Last, I felt the price point for the size was about double what it should be.Under 20 bucks would have been a much better deal in my opinion.
I love everything but the smell..it's just a tad strong
good fit for my iron
Even though I saw what awesome designs these had online, it was still shocking to see in person. I was pleasantly surprised in their quality. I have cut my dh's hair along with three sons for over 20 years. These scissors cut through hair no problem. They are not professional quality, but are good enough for a Mom who does haircuts every few months.
Really like this product works well on natural hair that has been pressed, I've not had any issues with white flakes or fuzz around my edges.
I ordered this in hopes of cutting down on paying pedicures bi weekly and I must say I'm shocked how well it worked. I gave it 4 starts bc it does take some elbow grease to be able to get it all off and learn the proper technique to properly remove all. I did this while sitting down which made it harder for me so maybe trying it while i stand may be easier. It really takes a lot of dead skin off but not like other blades i tried where my feet are sore the next day bc it removed way too much. I can already see a transformation but will take another round to fully remove. I'm always walking barefoot in my house and also don't wear socks a lot which I will after to keep them soft. I always had to use the pumice stone after for removal of what was left and that I got at Sally's for like $4 I use in the shower regularly. Overall, great quality and sturdy doesn't just fall out like the rest tend to do. Worth the money. (Sorry for the gross pics but hope it helps someone out there)
Fits ok but takes all the pain away. I Wear it every day and could not walk without it.
It wasn't good legit hair
I love the color but it doesn't stay on as long as I hoped.
Skin looks like it's glowing after you spray this on..
I really like the wax warmer the package came exactly how it is pictured and does the job but I just wish it had temprature control.. other than that i really recommend buying this.
I absolutely love it as a shampoo brush and scalp massager.
Good product but came opened. Don't know what to do as it looks fine... Questionable.
It holds her stuff she did not say it was bad so it works
I used the covers on my rotary tattoo machine. It made it more comfortable.
The tweezers themselves are decent quality. They came in a cheap, ugly, black plastic storage bag though; not even close to the one pictured. It's so cheap that it doesn't even have a zipper, just a little plastic slider. Not the biggest deal but worth mentioning.
Best water bottles ever!
The nails are coffin shaped however seen to be a lot thinner than most coffin tips towards the point. They are a great price and ship supper fast. I recommend these tips when using acrylic powder. As they will really well with the acrylic I found.
works for what is expected
I've only been using this product for a little over a week and have seen some new hair growth sprouting up, although it's coming in as grey. Not sure if it's entirely due to this product as I also apply castor oil with it, take a silica supplement, and also use castor oil shampoo.
I'm not a fan of hairspray and haven't used it in years. However, I have discovered that just a light spray helps to reduce the frizziness I get when going outside in hot humid weather. This also doesn't get as stiff as some hairspray and I haven't noticed any powerful scent, so it is a good choice for me.
I love this makeup brushes cleaning pad. I am satisfied with this product and recommend to everyone.
Easy to use for quick grey coverage! I would purchase it again.
Really nice color, goes on smoothly and shiny. Covers well. But has to be reapplied often. Oh well.
The waxer machine is great! The design is super cute just like the picture. I give it 4 stars because I didn't like the wax that comes with it, maybe because I don't know how to work with hard wax. But in general everything is really good!
They r pocket size and fit anywhere!
Very nice bag. My teenage granddaughter loves it.
Boyfriend has leg aches and cramps from working a very physical job. He says this helps. It does itch my hands when I rub it in. Going more as a topical after a massage with carrier oil, getting alot of it on my hands itches, but goes away with washing with soap.
Magnetic lashes is an interesting product and so was the magnetic eyeliner which I had no idea existed. However, I am not a huge fan of either one but they were very fun to try out.
It's great! My husband and I both use it and will buy again.
Have used for years and always does a good job covering the gray
Smells amazing, alot better than expected. Really works for oily hair but I was surprised at how small the product was for the price
Great products, does run very dark
Only giving it 4 stars bc it does look like a wig... A very soft wig, but still a wig. It's nice for cosplay
NOTE: they ARE NOT all the same size the Castro oil is the biggest bottle the rest of the oils are smaller 4oz
I bought this whole system for my husbands thinning, wispy hair. It has definitely given his hair more volume. Not sure it has actually grown new hair or thickened existing hair, but it has made his hair look healthier.
Got this to remind me of my dad 35yrs ago. He used it and the formula is the same. A bit sweet for my nose.
Works well and smells nice
Vet said to use for dry eye for our dog, seems to be helping
I typically do not use over the counter foundation but I had to get something in the interim until I received my regular foundation. This was a good substitute and I like the applicator to put on your face. I always use a blending bud or kabuki brush to blend and it works great. Does it stay on ALL day? Not for me, even with a good primer and setting powder. Eventually it starts to separate and gather in creases. But if you have no wrinkles you'll be fine.
I like these rollers. Old school volume and versatile curls (depending on how long you keep them in). The clips are the only reason why I do not rate 5 stars - they are reasonably effective. You will need to readjust if not clamped in firmly or to your scalp, they will slip out of your hair. Otherwise, happy with the results and volume and bouncy effect of curls.
Great coverage but transfers easily to clothes and hands
Great brush for laying down hair right after a good brush session with a medium or hard brush
I got this wig to use for a costume but also for fun. I looked at the customer pictures to see if it looks as high quality as good as the display picture. The customer photos of all the cute girls happily wearing their wigs convinced me. I am not disappointed!! It's high quality and SO cute. Even comes with a wig cap. Highly recommended!
I used these occasionally while student teaching. I found they worked best if I wiped my arm off with rubbing alcohol or witch hazel first to dry it well, and then cut the strip so the edges were rounded. I usually forgot I was wearing it, but it only lasted 5 or 6 hours before the edges started to peel.
I dont see a difference with my dark circles but it's very cooling and nice after a long day or if you have a headache
I have used these before, so I definitely knew I would order more once I ran out. I liked being able to get a back of two. One pack lasts several months. They do a pretty good job of draining the white heads. They stay on well, especially when sleeping with them.
I like the hair but it was extremely short.
Love this make up bag as I travel a lot for work and really like that I don't have to pull everything out of the bag. The only thing I don't like is I already had to sew the stitching as it frayed. The velcro tab also came loose so I sewed that back on. Otherwise, great product!
Not bad at all for the price
This shampoo works fine for the price. My daughter has thin curly hair and we've had a hard time finding a good shampoo and conditioner for her.
I really like this product. It goes on nice and smooth. I had it for a few months and it started to dry up and get clumpy so I got a new one.
I LOVE this brush! I have very long hair (down to mid-calf of my leg) and this brush does a great job of getting the tangles out and smoothing my hair without adding unwanted static!
Bottle was bigger than expected, which was a nice bonus. Oil has done amazing things for my skin in the short time I've used it (almost 2 weeks), my skin is less dull and looks overall healthier. I do have combination skin, but I don't wear face makeup so I don't mind the extra hydration and oil on my face throughout the day. The one drawback of this product is the dropper, it doesn't hold the oil inside when I take the dropper out, so once I take it out the bottle its a race to get the oil on my face instead of everywhere else. I don't know if this is my own user error, but I've had bottles with droppers that actually held oil until I firmly squeezed the top of them. Overall its a great product and I recommend it to anyone who is on the fence about buying it!
Cute. Needed them for a Hawaiian themed party. P ut them in her hair
This is one of my go to mascaras. I love how full and long the product makes my lashes look. However, I only buy the sample size because I feel that it dried out way too fast.
Product arrived in a timely manner. Less shimmer than expected.
Pretty good for the price. Does its job
I got these for my 6-year-old granddaughter. She loved them, of course, because they're cute. I thought they felt a bit stiff when I tried one on, but hey, I wasn't going to be sleeping in them. They seem well made and are actually bigger than expected, covering more facial area. I'm glad I got them for her because she likes the cuteness of them, but I will likely try to find softer ones in the future.
Pretty nice eyebrow pen! It can go on a bit chalky and too thick if you apply just too much pressure, so I always have to be careful to just lightly stroke.
Very happy with the result. I did the violet on ash blonde hair. Color came out a more burgundy than purple but it looks great. If you have long hair, you should use 2 boxes. I would have liked to have more colorant to really saturate my hair.
Super cute but half the colors don't show up. Washes off easily.
Scent smells good but very weak and doesn't last long at all. Its softer than many but is still pretty hard until it melts somewhat with your hand heat.
Don't over spray your hair with it will give you a oily look result .
I like the results . The directions could be a bit more detailed though.
The wax is fine, but if you order in summer, you'll receive a brick of wax, not pour-able beads. :-(
After I learned how to use this device, I was surprised and delighted at how much easier it is to dry my long, thick hair. More importantly, I was able to eliminate the second (straightening) process entirely, because this dryer also helped style and improve the condition of my hair. Quite amazing!
I wasn't sure what was causing frizziness in my hair, but I believe it was my old dryer. I bought this dryer and my hair has been much smoother with the help of the attachments. I think it drys my hair in the same time that it takes the dyson to dry my hair when going to the hairdresser.
Bought this for my daughter after using the sun screen. I have been afraid of using bubble bath due to her sensitive skin and eczema. Does not irritate her skin at all. Only issue I have is having to use 2 pods to get a good amount of bubbles.
Lovely color! The only small complain is it only comes with one heat mode. But this seems the feature for all mini heater.
I bought this for my boyfriend since he complained about his blackheads and he loves it! It wasn't painful to peel off and it took a lot of funk out of his pores. It's an awesome mask especially for the price.
like the way it washes out easily and is easy to use. I an not enamored with the color which is why I deducted a star, the rose gold looks more orange on me but the pastel pink of gorgeous
I liked it and would use again
Good quality product and it does a great job
It didn't pinch the patient and allowed acces to clean all body parts in the shower. Also it is long enough to hang over the back of the chair when it is under neath the person.
I picked the wrong shade, but good formula.
I love this product. It goes on dry so you can put your arms down immediately after applying it. It smells good, but I don't notice the smell a short while after applying, which is perfect since some smells give me a headache. Works well on warm days, and it's never gotten on my clothing when I've applied it. I do apply after dressing, so I can't say how it would work if you put it on first.
Only 13 bars of soap inside. Other wise good
I only give 4 because it came in the 4th day..you see I am paying prime membership so I could have a guaranteed 2 days delivery. .. anyway I was getting upset and I was about to complaint, but after smelling this I changed my mind...the smell is a pleasure indeed.
This is a great primer but does not take out much redness. Skin feels very smooth after applying.
It's not totally waterproof, I'll explain. It won't smudge if your eye waters, but unlike other waterproof products, it doesn't stick to your lashes like glue for days. At the end of the day, all I do is wash it off, no need to use oil based makup removers. I have Graves disease and my eyes are sensitive and tear a lot, so I need products that won't irritate or run if my eyes water, this one works well. Lastly, it doesn't clump, it coats the lash, unlike others that you have to lay on heavy. And, it is so reasonably priced. And that's why I like this mascara a lot!
I love the cooling and soothing effect under my eye after applying it. I try to apply every night. I cant see much of a difference yet but I need to be consistent with it.
Redken All Soft Conditioner does a good job with my wavy hair, keeping it soft and manageable without weighing it down. I'm a fan of the scent and the creamy formula.
This razor has great features, and it gives you a great shave. I am really pleased with it performance.
What I liked about the product was that it didn't have too many chemicals in it, which is good because I'm steadily switching to more natural products as a lifestyle change! Now, this product works wonderful and it a little does go a long way, so you don't need to spray that much. The only thing that didn't appeal to me was the smell but it went away after a few minutes. Overall, I enjoyed using the product and will definitely purchase again! ^^
These look very sturdy but they bend and snap off very easy. They work in a pinch but not what I expected.
I like this product, I think the trick is using less, putting it on flat with your hands, then scrunch then blow dry with diffuser.
Outstanding quality but received the wrong colors. I keep them anyways because the colors I received were pretty.
This charcoal definitely lightened my teeth! I do prefer to have it in paste form because the powder can be quite dry. However it is very effective because it is somewhat abrasive like a polish. I liked it!
Ordered this for my husband to help with nose hair but he said he needed something stronger. So we gave this to our younger son. Works well for him. Since my son is way less hairy than my husband. Came just as pictured.
Average plus gum and tooth whitener. If your teeth are sensitive it can cause mild pain. It is not like toothpaste. Whitening is not like getting it done at the dentist.
I love this, and love its such a clean product, but it has started giving me dandruff. I'm going to give it a few more weeks and see if my scalp is just getting used to quality product but if it doesnt get better I'll have to switch again
Very good, a bit to agressive for the teeth-not for sensitive teeth!
Received the incorrect item twice! Did get refunded, but I actually love this product! I have purchased it locally before and it's telly great for my curls :-)
I use this for psoriasis and it definitely works! However when I'm down to the last 1/3 of the product the pump is rendered useless and not only is that frustrating, it's a big waste of plastic. I'd really like to see this product in larger sizes so I don't have to repurchase every month.
Is very moisturizing and feels good but has very little scent
It's sticky even after wiping with alcohol. Three days after two cures, it still feels soft. I'm new to gels, but I just didn't like it. UPDATE: Joyce from customer service reached out to me and was wonderful!! I exchanged for a couple of colors, which I really like. Like I said before, I'm new to gels so I used this top coat with the Modelones color and it works well! I will try more colors in this line.
Really good brushes. I was happy with the purchase, and I was really happy with the price. Highly recommend them if you're looking to increase your brush collection without spending a ton. I got what I paid for, and more! I love the knock off beauty blender, and it does a great job! They hold and apply makeup well. I have used several times and have not lost any bristles.
Very soft, could last longer.
I know that this is a dupe for another palette. To be honest I was a little disappointed. After swatching I've realized that these glitter eyeshadows will definitely need a base. So, you can't just apply it to your eyelid and think it will look like it does in the pan. A concealer base worked with these eyeshadows. I gave it a four stars because I know what it can do but because it was sold as a glitter eyeshadow in my mind I thought that I was going to be able to apply it without any base. The glitter within the eye shadows it's kind of rough. You can definitely feel that it's glitter. It's not that smooth. It does come off with water. Because I have to have a base to get the color payoff for the glitter. I feel like I could have just bought a glitter pack and Nyc glitter adhesive and it would have been worth the money more. Because essentially I'm getting more colors of glitter and I would still have to apply a base just like this one.
The hair line is a little weird so I do prefer to Cover it up but I'm sure some plucking would do just fine. Otherwise, the color, length, and texture are very realistic!! Love it so much and can't say enough good things about the brand. Never been disappointed.
Not bad! This is the full size duo of The Balm Mad Lash Mascara, but it's $4 less than apparently the exact same product on another product page. This mascara is pretty average, but nothing too special. It works fine as a natural-looking daytime mascara. I like the wand because it's skinny and long, and the formula doesn't clump up on it. The curve doesn't actually do much, but the skinny length allows you to apply mascara with less mess. As far as thickening, curling and lengthening your lashes, this mascara does the bare minimum, particularly in comparison to other mascaras like Benefit's They're Real!, which really volumizes your lashes and stands out. But overall, this isn't a bad mascara at all. It lasts quite a while with limited fallout. It seperates lashes nicely and adds subtle length. This gives you a very natural look, but it's not ideal for those wishing to rock a glam look or for those trying to impress on a date. I also like the ingredients better than the harsh ones in many other mascaras on the market. This is a decent makeup product, but I definitely don't need two. I'm not even sure I need ONE. Oddly, the 1 pack is more expensive than the duo.
I found it easier to pump the lotion on my back and then use the pad to smear it around, as the pad is low friction. The handle is curved, which you think you would want, but getting right behind your neck means you're punching yourself in the face. No big deal overall, though.
I love these! I even got my husband in board using them!! They moisturize like CRAZY! And I look forward to a weekly mask . The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is that i just opened one and there was no mask. Full of jelly! But no mask.
Bought these for my husband - they are somewhat small - short - but do fit well.
I use these for my permanent makeup machine. I use a tiny rotary machine. These fit perfect for a great price. Every once in a while a tubes unusable. Minus 1 star for that
I have a tattoo from this gun now, I have had it for only a few months but it is very faded. I do find it very good for the low price, though. I also had no infections/medical issues from this, as long as you follow the directions and practice (my friend used bananas) it is a very easy way to get small, simple, and cheap tattoos.
Cute but wayyyy smaller than I thought they would be. More appropriate for a small child. Hey are a gift that I haven't given yet so not sure if durability.
It's a great color and I like it.
Makes hair soft ans smells really good.
The material and construction of it is top notch, just a bit large and awkward to grasp and use for a man with fairly short hair to use.
Can't tell if it works yet I've only had for a day but I love how the pump!!! How the gel is dispensed is awesome.
Very comfortable to wear
I had purchase similar clamps several years ago and after losing, breaking or running out of them I decided to find some on Amazon. I was pleasantly surprised by these clamps. They were sturdier than expected and a good value for the money. I recommend these clamps.
I love the feel of this product! It goes on smooth with very little down time to wait until it is dry before you put on your makeup.
In a pinch, very handy. If you get your color right.
the front could have been a little longer....
Bought as a gift for my daughter. She was very pleased with it look of it.
I like the mirror but it's not easy at all to get open.
Works great on my daughter but I have thicker leg hair and it didn't work as well as it did on her fine leg hair
It did the job, but the shaft could have been longer as I have long locks
This wig was delivered fast and for the price is very nice....a pretty blond color nice curl and the hairline is not too fake looking. If ur good with wigs u can work it ....no complaints here
Gave it to my friends teenage daughter and she went crazy over it...she loved it thank you 😊
These pads are great for applying toner, removing makeup and non cosmetic uses like removing eye boogers from a cat. The rounds stay intact and so you're safe from cotton fuzz sticking to your face or manicure.
This product works as advertised. After about 15 seconds has a definite cooling effect. Only downside is lots of warning about spraying near painted surfaces, fabrics etc. makes you wonder if you should be spraying on yourself. Nonetheless I find this a good product and will order again.
Wish it was wider i have hair to my shoulder blades and barely covers. Good length though
These bangs are specifically for people trying to accomplish the see-through korean bangs look. The photo shows very well how much hair is included. If you don't want thin, see-through bangs, get something else. As for the product itself, I think it's cute and a good shape. I may have to have them trimmed to suit my face. Haven't tried to straighten them yet but they do feel a little bit synthetic. It may just be a treatment they put on the hairs to make them shiny and durable. I'll update with photos soon.
Pretty ombré coloring and nice hair. No lace front but the part had a small bit of lace so it looked ok. Would probably wear this out for fun.
This is a really good kit for waxing. It come with everything you need to do the job which I like because I don't need to go get other things. It was so easy to use right out of the box. Just plug it in and turn it on high, pour the wax beads in there and once its melted you can turn down the heat. Overall happy with the kit.
I liked the fragrance but it doesn't moisturize any better than other lotions.
I'm disappointed that the box was crushed and looked like it had been that way for a long time, as this was meant to be a gift. It still looked okay, and all the products were fine, so I'm overall happy with my purchase. The test sizes look big enough to try multiple times, while the balm and tins all look normal-sized to what you'd find in the grocery line. Good value, cute gift, bad packaging.
Great jeans, except for the zipper that keeps falling down. They need to work on that. Otherwise I really like them!!
Light.. does not "gel" the hairs. Does not smell bad.. Lightly scented. My hairs stopped falling and I feel they are getting nourished.
Good brush but haven't noticed anything different from a regular $5 brush.
Goes on nicely and is absorbed by the skin, but at a slow pace, which makes it a great massage oil. Also has a great smell.
I like this set a lot, but it does take some time to find the right way to apply it and to get the cream workable. It was so dry at first I wasn't getting any free to apply, but I've kept at it and finally the cream has loosened up and now works. The colors are good for contouring and highlighting. It's important to find the right tool for application. Both my finger and a sponge are too big for the refinement I wanted, but I found a sponge-tipped 'brush' worked well for the sides of my nose where I wanted the contour. For larger areas, fingers work, but I still haven't had success with a sponge, either moist or dry. Since the color is not intense, I've found it works better to apply it after I've put on my foundation rather than before, since it then just gets blended away. I like that it doesn't add greasiness to my makeup.
Smells like heaven in my opinion but it is strong. Makes my hair so soft and only need to use a little bit of each and it's plenty. The conditioner one came with a pump that was broken but that was the only issue
I have purchased this wig twice because it is affordable and looks so natural! I get compliments on it all the time. My only complaint is that the hair is a bit more sparse in the back and that part of the unit ages a lot quicker than the front. Combing this wig causes it to shed a lot too. But none of these problems are too bad, considering that you pay less than $50 for it. Would buy again.
I would love it if I had the option to set the temperature to 450 degrees. Sorry but 410 is not hot enough for some hair. Other than that, it is perfect. Love the ceramic base and how it shines my hair. Curl would last longer if I could adjust the heat. The controls are easy to adjust and I have not burned myself using it because the rubber tip is substantial and the metal stand is covered in plastic. Knocked one star off because of the maximum temperature.
I love the color of the tools. The clippers were a little uncomfortable at first compared to others that I have used before, but I got used to it. The other tools were alright not the best but workable
This has a lot of nice moisturizing ingredients, and I'm surprised it didn't leave my hair looking oily. But even using it by itself, my hair rinsed clean. It is nice and moisturizing for the scalp
Not a bad product, my second one. Not sure if the charger works, as the led light is always blue...
Perfect size for what I needed! Sturdy materials!
I like them , they were extremely soft
It was a heavier consistency than the product I previously used, so I haven't quite got the knack for applying it. Other than that, I am happy with the results.
This wig is on point! It does tangle a bit easy but other than that it is easy to style and make your own.
The shears are sharp and work really well. I love the clips and the thinning shears as well. I don't like the fact that the circles in the handles do come out easily, but other than that really good for the money.
My daughter and I like these things. Makes me feel like my toothbrush is less gross. They have a slight smell and almost a taste when you first open it, due to the fact that my husband didn't like them. So I give 4 stars, but will buy again for my daughter and me.
I have sensitive skin, so I was afraid. However, I'm at the age where I wish I had always taken better care of my face by applying moisturizer, and sunblock. I wish I had a good before picture because I'm not the only one that started to see a difference. My neighbor/friend did! But she didn't say hey I noticed your skin looks clearer, or you have less wrinkles, or you have less sun spots. She said your face looks like it's glowing, what are you using different? Then I asked her what made her think I was using something different? She said politely, I'm younger than you and you don't have any wrinkles.😲 I giggled and told her what I've been using for about a week. Next thing I know she ordering it!!!
Nice brushes and combs. the smaller brush has a feature where it slides out of the handle and makes hair removal very easy. However, I'm not sure what is supposed to make this stay in place; it sometimes comes out of the handle while I'm brushing my hair. Also, I soaked it in rubbing alcohol and that melted the plastic. I really like both combs (at least one of which is resistant to rubbing alcohol) and haven't really used the big paddle brush, but I'm sure it will also be great.
Lots of colors. Not great for thick hair.
Cute figures, love the smells, only thing I hated was that my pokemon card was a stupid trainer card. I'd have appreciated if you guys filtered out the trainer card so we only get the actual Pokemon pokemon cards. It is always disappointing getting a lame card, free or not.
Clean product. No rancid smell. Less irritating than tea tree oil.
Great product and I love that it came in a 3-pack
I have only been using this product about a week but I do see a difference already. I have had a couple of small brown marks that I have been trying to get rid of for years. I am very careful when applying this. I get a pea size amount and dab on the few spots I need it on. I do this once a day after my showers. After it dries I apply sunblock and my make up. I have noticed a tiny amount of flaking which isn't bad and I have seen the spots slowly lightning up.
I purchased this as a gift for my wife. She has a UV gel nail kit that she enjoys using, but she always complains that it is so hard to get the nails off. It causes so much damage to her nails. She has tried soaking them and it has not made much difference. She has used this one time and she said it made it much easier to remove the nails. There was still a little damage, but much less than before. She is satisfied with this product and would recommend it.
I am an IT person and sit in front of a PC/laptop for long hours throughout the day. My eyes get fatigued, tired and watery. Discomfort in my eyes ends up with a bad headache most of the times. I needed something like this. The warmth that this mask provides to the eyes is soothing and relaxing. It is long lasting. It doesn't get irritating and uncomfortable at any point. I put this mask on and had a 30-minute power nap. Woke up feeling better and relaxed. I am happy with this product. The only reason I ended up giving 4 stars is the very feeble ear lobe string. It appears as if it will break and needs to be put on with extra care, but it's worth it. I recommend this product.
Would have liked this more if it lasted longer than a couple hours.
I like the Veil product. It is light in coverage which I love. It does smooth out the redness I have and help to hide some minor imperfections without looking or feeling heavy.
I bought this for my daughter based off of a recommendation by our beautician. We are pleased with it so far and she finds it easy to use. I was a bit worried about the non-touch tips, but she is able to use it with no problems.
Very stylish. A little smaller than I expected, but still packs a lot of stuff in there.
I received it yesterday but I coulnt wait to use it at nights. It was my first time to use the suction. I have suffered blackhead seriously around my nose for years. The suction is basically good. Before using the machine, I washed my face with warm water and baking soda- the same steps as I do with charcoal peels. This helps with white head pimples mostly and some blackheads. I love the way the machine has three letters for me to choose. Next time I will try different suction heads to see the differences.
We camp a lot but I still need my hair straightener! We don't have a lot storage and figured I would give this a try. I have thick, wavy hair that gets wild bed head. It does a great job and was surprised how nice it glides through my hair. It doesn't burn the ends with the one heat setting. It is light weight and comes with it's own storage bag. Don't let the cuteness fool you. It gets the job done.
I like the fact that I am assured that my toothbrush is sanitized and save to use.
Doesn't stay on dryer!
Some fall out but color are good
Just about the only lotion that calms my neuropathy
The hair feels pretty realistic and the wig doesn't tangle too much, but it does tangle. It does shed a lot too. I feel like it bumps up in the back too and doesn't sit completely flat. For the price, it's a great wig though.
Good product. Good customer service.
These were great for my daughter with white blonde hair. They went in easy in the combs, showed up with bright colors, stayed the duration we needed them to, and then washed clean without staining her hair. SOOOOO much better than stiff sprays! However, ad says it will show up on darker hair as well and there was no way it was really showing up in my brown haired daughter's hair. Maybe a tint, but not total color change.
I liked how soft it was .. I have no dislike at the moment but I will be getting it redone and I'm going to see the results afterwards
These are really cute however they were a bit short for my tongue, but they were the perfect size for my navel. So it's still a Win win for me,
Great results. Wish it lasted a little longer.
so far its pretty good, still trying to get the right mix for my daughters hair. mixed girl!
This is a great lock. You should know that it does not fit a standard locker. I did not realize this when purchasing the lock. Other than that, it looks great and has a night weight and feeling of security to it.
I bought these because it said they were smaller for toddler mouth's. They are not smaller. My son's Colgate toothbrush is smaller. They are decent quality, but I took a star off because they are not very small.
I'm an amateur when it comes to false lashes, but I wanted to try this magnetized pair. It took a few tries to get them positioned right; the trick is to curl your natural lashes with an eyelash curler, then apply mascara and let it dry, then apply the false lashes with tweezers. Watching YouTube videos helped!
This was for a gift but for the price you can't beat it.
I'm really happy with these floss holders. My only wish is that they were a bit smaller, but I suppose then they would be more difficult to hold and perhaps more likely to break.
Love the scent. Smells like I could eat it. The color is also really pretty..just not on me. For you girls who can rock purple I say get it.
Wrong picture but good.
This product could be more affordable for subscribers
Decent size fits pretty much any hand-sized unfortunately when you move around too much the lights do flicker
I really love the large and small spray bottles but I found that the roller bottles in this kit leak a little bit (yes, I put the roller ball on correctly). For the price it's totally worth it to get the spray bottles. May buy this kit again.
Beautiful on brown skin but a little tacky and it does rub off a little. I find mixing it with my unsented almond oil helps
this is absolutely scent got weaken
I love this brush. Because I take a shower at night, I only use it in the morning to straighten or curl my hair. Tried to dry it one day, and I didn't prefer it over an actual hair dryer.
Not very consistent in elastic stretch/size, but very cute!
This is great for keeping your sponge in. It's not the best quality but it is pretty and does the job.
They are very long & beautiful. I took a star off because I thought they were thicker. It's like a regular lash , with a long lash on top. Guess I was looking for the homemade lashes I find in my hometown, here on line 🤦🏻‍♀️ Cute tho, just not thick.
Love the soap. Wish it was a little better priced.
it worked well, but I noticed if I would go without it some times my skin would get very dry
Want to look like a fluffy cloud and get clean? This product is for you! A tip I would give is, use as directed. I left this on a little longer than directed because, well I was enjoying being a cloud and I liked the tingling, but my face was kinda itchy and red after I washed it off. The next time I used it, I kept it on for the directed time and I had no issues.
I am slowly beginning to switch over the little things in my house for more natural products, and this was one of the things I purchased on Amazon to do just that. It smells really wonderful, and since it's not made from chemicals I don't think the scent would irritate most people. However, this product didn't quite eliminate the odors from my shoes as much as I would've liked. I put my shoes through the wringer so they've got some pretty tough smells to get rid of, but I was hoping this spray would really get the job done. I would say it eliminated about 80% of the odor, so this would probably work well for anyone who doesn't have some really strong scents to try to get rid of.
I like it. Came packaged well and doesn't seem cheep. I will say the brush is a tad thicker than I wanted.
Love how this smells! It brings out the curls in my daughter's hair when it is still wet/damp, but the frizz comes back after she sleeps on it. But all in all i love this product!
There's not much difference in the shapes and sizes of the smaller brushes, so one star off just because I wish there was better variety. I'm new to makeup so I can't test this against high quality brushes but they're decent for my needs. I love that there's a beauty sponge included. This has made my life so much easier!
Doesnt clump. Builds with two or more coats
The light is not the brightest but definitely recommended.
I feel like it helps with my varicose veins and makes my legs really smooth and smell good when I mix it with my lotion :) I also put it in a diffuser to help me sleep better.
I like these I think they work great! However I do not put remover in them. As a professional nail tech I do a lot of stamping designs on the nails so, I use them to remove the polish on skin by dipping in remover. Great price for 3 and a lot of tips. My old one that came from my nail store coast me around $5 and for 3 tips.
For this being a drug store concealer it does a good job. It doesn't crease or settle into lines. Super easy to use.
I couldn't wait for the arrival of this light. I have been spending a fortune at the salon for gel nails. I decided to try it at home, but I needed a good light like at the salon. This one fits the bill nicely. Unlike some others, my entire hand fit into the little panda! It has three timers 60 second, 90 second and 120 seconds. I tested the timers with the stop watch on my phone... they were VERY accurate. I have only used this light once thus far, but I anticipate it lasting for quite some time. I will keep you updated!
Love the color, and thin applicator. The applicator gives me a lot more control than others. It will still clump up if you put too much on.
This clock is very nice. I only have one problem with it. Not sure if it's me but the outdoor temperature is always way hotter than what it really is. Some days it' shows in the 90's or even in the 100's. I'm pretty sure that's not the case. So you really can't trust that outdoor sensor. For instance my phone and weather on the TV said we're 84 degrees for my area, my out door sensor was showing 106 degrees. Not even close. And it's not like its in direct sunlight. But aside from that, i would have given it 5 stars if the outdoor wireless sensor was even a little accurate.
They were cute. None of them have broken so far but the bristles are hella cheep tho. There's hardly any weight to them and the brushes do not distribute product as efficiently as more professional brushes.
Can't get lotion to pump out the dispense nozzel. It's too thick!
I have wiry thick hair and this brush has helped with straightening my hair. I can get close to the roots and that makes a huge difference. It is super easy to use and does not take long to go through my hair (10 minutes ish). However, I still require a straight iron to finish, this isn't necessarily needed if have simply wavy or fine hair.
I like it, but after using it for about 3 weeks, the seams in the inside where the brushes go, separated. Now, the brushes fall through it. Otherwise its nice.
Good toothbrush. Interdental went out of stock for a while but they are again available.
IMHO, Tried-and-True linseed oil is a better product for the intended application as it is a drying oil and this is not. But this stuff works OK.
I'm 5'9”. I love this hair. It was so soft and flowy. The curls are gorgeous. I ordered another in diff color.
The hair of the brushes are soft but some of them come with stain on the brush, can't wash it off. Other than that, quality fits the price
They are good to use.
Overall it works well. Wearing it at night it doesn't stay on
I love the subtle result of this! No idea how long it will last in my hair, but....for me it was definitely worth the price.
Good product, but way to expensive.
I purchased the 24 inches and received it in a decent time. It came packaged with lashes and mini spray bottle. I noticed small lint balls in the wig( I examined it to ensure it wasn't lice). I bleached the knots and washed it prior to usage. I noticed This hair sheds and tangles a lot! It is very soft but The density is low yet manageable! This is my first wig and I'm impressed with how it turned out. I know good quality hair and this is not the best but the hair is decent. My stylist plucked the hair line and laid the baby hairs down. I'm anxious to see how long this wig will hold up! Overall skeptical about longevity, shedding and hair quality but Im so glade I got to try out a wig for a decent price.
As advertised, no surprises.
Great color, purple without being obnoxious.
I didn't realize that the .3mm needles were so small. Too small to be effective for me but for a beginner this is a great way to start microneedling at home. The product itself is good quality and works as it should.
Even if it is not so thick and creamy as before still get stick to this product which matches perfect with my European skin
I like the magnification, but the light could be even brighter.
I bought many times, very good products
I buy this for my daughter. She loves it!!
The price is Awesome
As with many razors I've tried, the lubricating strip on the head conflicts with the shaving cream in that the two combined creates too much lubrication. I am going to use a little less shaving cream and that should solve that issue. The razor gives a great close shave and allows for a lot of maneuverability. To be continued.
Great fragrance but isn't for a young man. It smells more for a mature older man. I also received it quite late.
I thought the product performed well, however it does not foam well and the scent reminds me of citrus which I did not like. I like that the cleanser is very mild and it did not dry out my skin. I definitely would repurchase this product again.
I like it for a body soap but not at all for shampoo.
I thought it would be a little Fuller but I love this wig. It only sheds if you comb too much. I will buy again but with a smaller wig cap.
Love the product. Packaging on the other hand didn't do such a good job. The top part wasn't even in the box.
I use it when I travel because something they use in hotels to deodorize makes my eyes puffy. When swelling goes down I will often rinse it off. I am very very fair skinned and it will still leave a white powdery residue on me. Can't imagine it would work on darker skin.
Pretty happy with this! It smells great and really helps with flat ironing and curling. It's a little heavier than other products I've used so be cautious not to use too much. Packaging is very nice.
I had previously purchased Aesthetica Cosmetics Mini Beauty Sponge Blender - Makeup Sponge Applicator for Small Areas - 2 Pack, for about $8. I loved those sponges for applying under eye concealer. My makeup has never looked so GOOD! I decided to try this brand, because you get 6 for under $9. These are just as great and I love being able to toss makeup sponges, on a regular basis, to avoid any bad buildup. Small sponges are AWESOME and why pay a ton more when the products are almost identical?!!
Easy to use, good handling and does the job.
I like this spray, overall. I feel like there is a slight residue left in my hair when I go to style. I don't have other product experience to compare it to, though.
Excellent for detangling. Keeps natural hair from matting up.
Works well. Hurts when you pull off!
I ordered this item and received the black one. This item came with the sticks, the wax warmer, a user manual, three bags of pink beads, and a bag of black beads. This was not as pictured. The wax warmer is light, my suggestion, keep a hand on it when you're pulling wax from it. It can definitely tip over. The wax tin that was included is also very flimsy, this, however, is a positive because it takes no time at all for the wax to melt. The beads were great, they get the job done and leave very little hair behind. The user manual is also very detailed. If you're new to waxing and you want a starter kit, this has just about everything you need. Just make sure to buy the baby powder and baby oil.
So far so good. Just started using this product so the results are still in progress so I'll update more as time progresses. Easy to use, booklet explains how to use and what schedule to go on
Perfect for what I need.
First off, I didn't love the smell. It wasn't bad but it reminded me of something that's medicated. I was disappointed with the size of the bottle thinking that it won't last long but I only needed a small dime size to get a good lather. After drying my hair, it felt so soft and silky. I don't think it's because I changed to a different shampoo because I do that pretty regularly so that I don't get buildup from the same product. I haven't used it long enough to see if it would help with my hair loss yet. I'll update when I run out.
I was really happy with the coverage. Didn't seem to thick. My only complaint it there isn't a sponge. It is probably intended to be used with a brush but I don't use those.
I use it daily, I think it helps my skin. I have lots of allergies and this doesnt cause redness or itching which I really appreciate.
Great visualization base is a little a steady even after tightening to the max
Love this Hair! It's Curly hair so it does require maintenance. I've had it in for about 3 or 4 weeks now. I've recommended it to My Coworkers and I will be ordering again.
If you're allergic to "Just for Men", you may well be allergic to this product. I was !
I want to avoid deodorant containing aluminum, and I've tried several. This is the only one I've found that works and doesn't irritate my skin. I've only used it in the winter months, so I will have to see how it holds up in warmer weather.
For a cheap little set, these worked remarkably well! I really just needed some tweezers, and have used each one. They work really well. They are a bit small, but for the price, you can't go wrong!
Love the color selection! I love to make bows, but I can't get this many colors for the price.
The smell is a little stong. It very much smells like tea tree. I bought it for my daughter who has very sensitive skin but also sweats a lot and was needing something to keep her a little fresher. This seems to help keep her smelling cleaner. She isn't fond of the smell though.
It works fine, it is nice and works well. I just haven't noticed anything extra food or different than many others
To me, nail clippers need a few factors; easy to hold, not fall apart and stay sharp. I've only had these a month so we'll see on the stay sharp part but they are easy to hold and seem very well built.
Came all messy and broken, and the light colors don't have a lot of pigments. I use it for the glittery colors and the darks, those are good.
The third Palette is a cream and I was hoping for a powder. Otherwise it is a great product.
Comes packaged in individual bags so that way if one opens while shipping the soap wont get all over everything. However, one of the 10 I ordered did open and got EVERYWHERE despite the bag it was in. Pointless and a waste of plastic.
These are great! I would recommend them to everyone.
Used these for teeth for a Halloween costume. Wish they came in smaller numbers!
This is a nice diffuser. However I enjoy a stronger mist.
Had the razor only for two weeks. In the beginning it didn't shave as well as I thought it should. Now it's a little better and hopefully it will get better.
These smell terrible but okay quality
I bought this for a friend who is a hair dresser and the flowers look a lot different when I received it from what the pictures online show. She loved it though. It does not have a snap clasp like most do but it does the job and it is different from the leopard cutting capes everyone in the salon has,
Great for making different sprays.
product came packaged well, swatched some colors and look nicely pigmented on brown skin tone. However.......the size was not as expected smaller than i thought it would be. overall nice product.
I am a professional hairstylist/barber. These are pretty good clippers. Designer blades aren't as good as 5 star blades but i went with these because of the reviews of how light they are. Which is very true and I have noticed a huge difference in the pain in my wrist while blending clipper over comb. They also hold a charge really well. I do 20-30 haircuts a day and I only notice the battery dulling a little bit after over half the day. Things I dont like... These are pretty loud. Louder than I would like them to be and theres no charging dock. Which is extremely annoying. Seems like no big deal to some but in a professional fast paced salon its annoying to have to stop and get the cord and plug them in (which has a little resistance) and then keep going a long my way. All in all I like these clippers
Great hair and a lot comes in to where you can use it a second time.
I bought the tattoos for my daughter and she loves them.
This shampoo is very moisture rich. For me, this isn't the best for a shampoo because it makes my scalp oily pretty quickly. I will still use it because it smells so good! I like the conditioner better because it has the same smell. The conditioner is thick and it feels like it penetrates the hair better than lighter conditioners. I prefer the conditioner over the shampoo and I think the price is good for the quality of then product. I prefer this scent and product the most from this brand. However, I really do not like the deep conditioning masque in this same scent. It is terrible and makes my hair feel like I put something extremely cheap on my hair.
it deep-cleanses my face and I feel fresh every time I peel it off.
Make sure you shake well before use
I like the way it smell.. im not sure if i have seen a difference it feels nice on my skin
Smells good and really smooths the skin I also use on my hair
Very quick delivery. Packaged very well. Love the product.
Good product, especially during winter months. But small bottle for the price so not giving 5 stars
I love the look and feel of the hair it it's nice and silky although it did look a little frayed when I unpacked it but overall I cannot I complain. I dislike the fact that the lace front does not extend back further so the hairdo in the pic could be achieved . I am not to picky so I'll make it work. Thanks
I purchase this hair for a wedding and added clip ins bc I only wanted it for one night. Overall it did well! It was able to withstand dye, a wash, and heat. There was very minimal shedding but overall It was great for the price and I will purchase again. I only gave 4 stars bc it smell like hair (lol).
pretty good... 1st time using it...
Take your time after spraying, it will loosen on its own
Believe me when I say, these are a very good product! These lightweight pre-made fans feel very soft and natural. Easy to work with. I've tried several other brands which ended up being very disappointing. The rejects were either way too thick based, too stiff or, too heavy. Some were even a struggle to lift from the tray, resulting in damaged, useless fans. I have ordered this product a couple times and they have always been consistent in appearance and undamaged.
Child loves to wear this! Product is as described. Mailed as promised, It smelled like a chemical when it arrived. After setting out for 24hrs it was fine. We bought three. The others we washed before use and they smelled good too.
It does give volume but makes the hair very fly away.
I love this lotion! Very hydrating! It clarifies the skin. Doesn't change your complexion drastically. For thr best effect it's best to use the whole set, then maintain results with the lotion.
Bought for my wife, works great, saves time. Gets extremely hot and can't touch the end. Needs to come with a glove. Make sure to take all your jewelry off because it heats it up and burns a little. My wife loves it despite it's issues.
Makes my skin feel tight after, which I guess a mint mask would do since it's drying. It's a nice enough mask just remember to moisturize after or I suspect your acne will get worse.
Excellent product! Absolutely love how easy the application is with the provided brush and how well it dries. Makes my skin feel wonderful after and rinses easily. What I love most about the provided brush is that while applying the mask it doesn't hold a lot of the mask on it and it rinses completely clean after. The only reason I did it give this 5 stars isn't because the container was not full when I opened it. Picture attached of what it looked like before the first use
Good coverage, but smudges very easy. Leaves lip marks on glasses and straws. Although it smudges the color seems to last. I'm lucky enough to like all ten of the colors.
Glad to find a matte, no-nonsense eye color that goes on smoothly and is forgiving
Just what I wanted, get hot but does not burn your hair.
It smells more like strawberry but its not an overpowering smell, so it blends with the fragrances I wear. Its light, not too greasy, and doesn't break out my face if I use it there either.
Smells good but not as good as other sandalwood I've had before it's just okay
Great way to dissolve your nail product. Not as tight as I would like it to be but if you hold still it's fine
I would've preferred a more citrus scent but it was very manly and matched the recipient perfectly.
I have only tested this product twice since purchase. The shampoo is wonderful and comes to a full suds. The conditioner will slightly suds and makes my hair feel squeaky clean which makes me wonder if it is in the wrong bottle. As I am always on a tight schedule I add additional conditioner after to make sure I can comb through.
They're very pretty and look so cute! The wings are a foam covered with the cotton, with a basic silver clip to the back. My only problem was that one of the clips broke off. If you don't have super glue or hot glue around, it will be annoying to have to wait to glue it back on. Other than that, super cute product! Came on time! :)
The hair is really pretty and soft but the bundles are really small. The finished pic, is a wig I made with the hair yesterday.
This is my 3rd brush BK brush however, my first Royalty brush and I am pleased with the quality and firmness of the bristles. The painting of the brush is second to none. The performance is amazing it really does exactly what I need especially my crown work.
I've been using the product for about six months, love the fragrances lathers well. I recommend you try it at least once.
I have bought this brand in other scents and like them. This one nice as well. It has a decent price and doesn't leave my skin greasy.
Smells like roasted old peanuts!! The.bottle.will.last a very long time since you don't have to use a large amount. Use with carrier oil for hair works wonders though some got on my face during the night and ended up burning me a little so for skin don't really think that I will be using it! Other than being strong smelled it does work great on my hair.
This stuff is amazing. I have stubborn acne on my back, chest and arms. The downside is it can bleach fabric and it's too harsh for my face. So, I only apply at night while wearing a white T-Shirt.
The product looks fine enough but I bought it for my mom in PINK and when she opened it,it was BLACK with BLACK not being an option of color for this product.
Love this stuff. Smells great and is very easy to apply. I use it for my beard and it makes it smell great and looks shiny. Will continue to purchase this stuff in the future. Great price too!
I will start off by saying, if you want it, get it. The shipping & everything was reliable and I had no issues. Even though it is claimed to be real, I don't think it is, because the scent is not *as* strong as my other bottle from VS. Of course, this doesn't necessarily mean it's a fake, there could be other reasons to why it is less potent than my other bottle. However, it still has the classic warm & cozy scent. To be honest, unless you compare it to another warm & cozy from VS, you literally won't know the difference. :)
Like the product but I find it wastes quite a bit of product when dispensing.
Works very nice but its so small. Even though a little goes a long way it should be larger or cheaper.
Wasn't as full as i thought it would be but it's really soft, very good quality
This was a last minute purchase that I do not regret! The price & quality were both reasonable. I would recommend it for those few times you feel like a quick change but not everyday wear. I plan to purchase another in a different color soon.
Great product! The Satin Frizz Control & Protection smells amazing and keeps my hair shiny, smooth, and frizz free. Would purchase again.
Great hair bought 4 bundles but only needed three for hair is thick. Doesn't hold curls long but it is good hair for the price. Update : The hair sheds a bit much but I still like the hair for the price
At first, it seemed to clear my pores up really well, but that doesn't happen anymore--after a month of using it a couple times a week. I no longer see results.
Pretty color. Not pre stretched. Wish was a little longer.
The hold on this is pretty strong. It does leave my hair a little hard though. I wanted to switch from gel to pomade so my hair would be softer but manageable.
Using it a week now it showed some difference on me but nothing yet on my husband
Very strong product. Generally does a good job, but I would only use it for spot treatment. Every time I lathered it on a big area it leaves my skin very red.
It ok, Its medium coverage and I was looking for full.
I got this for rodent control; It had a slightly off smell, not the same as what I have had with other essential peppermint oils. Good customer service, when I had a challenge, in the past; it was rectified. Seems slightly diluted, but more reasonable price compared to other essential oil brands. I have been using 2-3 tablespoons of this with one cup white vinegar, one cup rubbing alcohol and 5 to 8 cups of water as a non toxic spray to deter rodents. The peppermint confuses their senses and acts as a deterrent, plus it smells good.
Pretty good looking wig had to cut it to get a perfect pixi wig but not a bad buy good hair
It works but slippery and drops!
I really can't give this a fair review yet since I haven't used it consistently quite yet.
Best price I can find in my area. Use this every day on my arms, neck and hands after a shower.
It's a great product, just be sure to have a small brush to blend the product especially if you have very thin eyebrows.
I have only used this for two day and I can tell that it is working good.
This is a great hair dye for doing dark brown with no red tones. I have probably about 10-15% greys and this covers most of them, but not 100% grey overage. It still looks really natural and better than any other dye I have tried. I leave it on for 20-25 minutes and my hair always looks super shiny. The longer you leave it on, the darker your hair will be and the more grey coverage you will get. Overall I really like this dye. I've repurchased it sooooo many times! It's never damaged my hair. I go for a professional hair dye every 6 months and use this every month and my hair dresser is always surprised at how healthy my hair is and how good it looks for a box dye.
good quality for a fair price
It is also a necessity to purchase a toothbrush replacement head on a regular basis. This is my husband bought, but also found a lot of home, but the brush is a bit uncomfortable, just looking at the discount to buy. Replace the brush head is still a little expensive
at first, I liked the smell. The smell is nice and lasts a long time. Now smells like cotton candy that is being made with a hint of a man's cologne.
I like the different sizes.
I love how this makes my skin immediately and the evenness it starts to give your face. However, I'm convinced that the bottles leak or are very porous because the oil would finish way sooner than it should and the bottle would be very oily (I was only using the dropper!) But if you're fine with that, it's a great product for the price.
This is my new favorite. The one I was using tended to clump and didn't come off easily at night. This one really is amazing in terms of the difference it makes before and after application to my light-colored eyelashes. (If there's ever a natural disaster and I have to leave the house quickly, this would go into my bag first!) My only quibble is that I can't seem to find a brown one online or in local drugstores. (Message to Maybelline: We don't all want dark black eyelashes!)
Works pretty well. It seems soft right after rinsing and drying, but doesn't seem to make much of a long term difference. Been using for about a month. Will continue to use. Smells great!
Drys clear and is very sticky. Easy to remove.
Finally, found a Missha product that's an exact color match. Initially, I liked the coverage and how light it felt on my skin. After a couple of weeks of using this product, I started to break out in areas I don't normally have breakouts. Had to stop using at that point. As much I liked this product, I'm going to stick with Missha's cushion.
I bought this for my son,the price was very reasonable for the amount of product. No bad reactions to it! So far so good! Too early to tell how effective it is.
I love it, it is confortable and easy used
I was pleased to receive this product in a timely fashion and the price 11.00 and some change was a reasonable price for someone like myself who is testing this product out for the first time. Some people say that sea moss basically has no taste when you mix it in a smoothie and such.. Not so in my opinion I mixed mine and can still detect it! I think it would be better in something like a soup cuz it's very sea weedy and fishy tasting. Once I learn how to use it I would probably purchase it again.
Great brushes. I've never been one to dish out $15 just for one brush. To me, these are quite quality with lots of variety. My only complaint is that it's hard to determine which brush is what. They come with an identification chart, but its so small they all look the same. I ended up using a permenant marker to write what number each brush matches to on the chart.
I expected it to taste bad and possibly be gritty. I had none of those issues and it worked quite well. I believe over time it may help with whitening. I would definitely either lay a towel down before you use this since it CAN get every where and possibly stain things. So to stop that I just got some out on a spoon and dipped my wet toothbrush in it.
It keeps my skin nice and clear since my face is sensitive. Wish it would spread more though on my long hair, it takes a lot to get all of my hair covered and its pretty expensive for having to do that.
Not the best at eyeliner, but I like something that LASTS ALL DAY. Luckily, THIS DOES. I have hooded eyes that build up oils, and my makeup never stays. With this eyeliner, I am able to keep wearing it all day (wings included), with little to no touch up! Just need to find a good soap to remove it.
This is a great value for the money however some of the sticks are irregular or super thin and can't stick it in anything bc it will not hold.
I feel like these are not as strong as my other ones I've purchased elsewhere. But cute color and nice amount and everything for the price. Also gets the job done so that's an A+ for me
It feels good on my more mature, dry skin and it doesn't settle into fine lines but it is a bit tacky feeling. This is solved with a bit of powder. My one issue is the color. I purchased neutral and it is still too tan in color for me, with a lot of orange undertone. I am fair but not super pale. This definitely is too dark for me. *Update: I love the feel, coverage and glow this offers me so I started mixing it with another tinted moisturizer foundation I have that is a bit too light for me and the result is perfect! Also, I have dark blue under eye circles and I dab this on under my eyes and pat in before adding the mixed foundations to my face. The orange tone really helps to tone down the blue under eye circles making them less noticeable. And the added benefit is that because this is so moisturizing around my eyes, it doesn't settle into my lines becoming extremely noticeable like concealers have in the past.
Well its darker than the picture shown. Was expecting a light brown and received dark brown
I like it. I wish it was just a bit thicker but it is nice.
Difficult at first but great once you get the hang of it. Very full volume
It's good build quality and nice comb, however the way the teeth are it seems like it doesn't want to get down to the deep parts of my hair and brush all of my beard, only the top.
These are great to put on overnight, however, sometimes you need to pop some of your pimples just a little bit so it can take everything out overnight, other times it works perfectly fine without needing to pop
These work well. I put one on right before I go to bed. I don't notice it after I put it on. Minimizes the frown lines on my forehead.
I am a size 12 male and my wife could not get these on my foot. I will try once I am recovered from surgery.
The colors are pretty and goes with anything I like.
Works good but after sprayed, it creates white residue around the crystals.
The patterns on these are really cute! But I've had a lot of hit and miss on getting them to stick. Even with the same method, sometimes it works, other times it doesn't. I'm not sure if parts of the foil are just not coming off? But, easy enough to use.
Product arrived damaged and with s short sell date. Amazon contacted seller and with photos submitted on proof the seller is refunding. Seller was responsive.
Nice but I have it on the last hook and it's still slightly loose.
Great for a quick replacement. I had significant problems shaping the tooth until it fit but once in it did what it was reported to do.
Have tried this and seems to help with night time trips to bathroom as well as possibly helping hair regrowth
Oddly enough - it works better on hair instead of the beard
Good size it just took a while to come but it's okay
Great lather, no sensitivity, feels clean but not dry. I always try to use very high end facial products with the fewest chemicals and no animal testing. This is a good one. Gave it 4 stars only because the lack of environmentally friendly packaging.
This is a great price and works but I liked another brand better.
I really like this dryer for the price! It is a pretty color, has a very long cord and comes with 3 different attachment heads. I like that it comes with the standard concentrator nozzle and also a pick and a large diffuser attachments. The dryer itself has a lot of adjustable settings, with low and high speeds and 3 temperature settings (low, medium and high). The dryer on the hot setting does get very hot and I feel could adequately dry and straighten your hair. The only drawbacks I found was that the dryer is a little loud when on high and changing the attachment heads and snapping them on and off was a little harder than I'd like. However, the attachments felt secure once they were on. The dryer worked well and left my hair feeling soft and light. Overall, this dryer is a great buy if looking for adjustable heat and multiple nozzles!
Very good razors at a good price. These blades last a long time with normal daily usage.
This is my 3rd bottle. Good product for curly hair and smells amazing.
It's ok smelling. There are plenty of others that smell much better. It is a smell you'd wear with a suit.
Nice and relaxing scalp feeling especially under the steamer. Feels like at the spa
At first I didn't realize the problem, but it always looked unnatural when i clipped it on. I almost gave up on the clip on and ascribed it's shoddy quality to the $5 price tag (now 10, sorry folks I guess they realized they were losing revenue) I even trimmed it vertically a little at the bottom because i thought that would help make it look less clumped together. That wasn't the problem. I realized the strands clumped together because it was oily like unwashed hair. You need to shampoo it first before wearing it. Let it air dry and it'll look very natural. No one has noticed that they're fake. Natural black color is shot with brown hair so it looks more natural. When you wash it with shampoo, be prepared for the dye to run off a bit and it smells rather foul too. When it dries this is not noticeable.
Super comfortable, easy to adjust to make smaller/bigger. Would have given 5 stars...product is great, but a bit expensive as a tool to just hold the hair!
It seems my teeth get cleaner with this electric toothbrush. I have a couple teeth it's hard to reach, and I can with this toothbrush. Like the different settings. It tends to shut itself off before I'm done once in a while. I just turn it back on. I would buy it again.
great for large pores and acne
It's a very simple product with just two ingredients. Doesn't smell bad as I had feared. It spreads easily and is cleaned off easily with water. I use about half a jar a day for my face, back, chest, and arms. I don't think it's worth mentioning its irritation or efficacy since that entirely depends on the person. Some jars have little solid peices in the ointment, but that's not a huge issue especially considering the price.
The lips feel tacky all day, but it is long lasting and smudge proof.. I bought dreamer, the color is too light for anybody. Don't get this color, but do go ahead for other colors.
I like that it includes all
Very beautiful color
Soft, came on time, nice packaging, love it.
The colors of the tinsel were so bright and sparkly!! It's a little hard to do this with no official training but after a few you tube videos I kinda go them to stay in. I would definitely purchase them again.
I really like the tools. The mask is ok. Seems to rip out very fine hairs and not much else.
Like the smell and the moisture of it
I've been using this product for only a few days, but am impressed so far. I was not sure about using a cleansing oil, never used one before, but I am familiar with the Laneige brand & trust its products.
Pretty good for the price. They make my lashes look super long and aren't too hard to put on once you get the hang of it. After a few attempts I found it easier to get them positioned correctly without the applicator tool. My only problem with them is they're not 100% consistent in length and thickness, so it took a few tries to get even looking sets on both eyes
Takes a long time to charge, but seems to work really nicely. Not as close as a razor, but cuts a tough beard with ease.
Separated Into both shipping and product: 1. Ordered on a Monday received it on a Thursday, so shipping wise, these guys are on top of their orders. Very pleased with shipping speed. 2. As to the actual fragrance. It honestly smells nothing like Aventus. The product smells more fruity, not in a natural way either, more like opening a box of foot loops cereal. It's a good scent, but definitely it's own fragrance and you get no smokey notes like you would Aventus.
First time using any bar shampoo and conditioner. I have very fine and oily hair. I wanted to reduce waste, both monetary and product. I believe this will do both, only had it for a couple weeks. The shampoo lathers really well. The tangerine scent which I originally felt was overwhelming, is actually softer when you're washing and my hair just smells clean with maybe a hint of citrus after its dry. The shampoo took me a bit to get used too, it leaves my hair feeling heavy (I think is the best way to describe it) but after I use conditioner (which I use everytime) it gets lighter and softer. The conditioner does not lather at all really. I'm not sure if I use more than average, but I feel like I have to swipe it through my hair several times to get enough. It already shows some wear. Not sure how long it will last. The shampoo only takes a few swipes to get alot of lather going. I assume I'll be ordering conditioner more often than shampoo. The packaging could have been a bit better. It did come in a pretty box and the reusable containers are nice. Although the spare shampoo came in a cupcake liner sandwiched between the 2 containers. Which would have been perfectly fine, but it left shampoo all on the bottom of one the containers that I had to clean off. Not difficult or anything. But they had enough tissue paper already in the box that, had it been wrapped differently, that could have been avoided. Overall I like it, and my naturally oily hair has not looked or felt oily using it. Price wise I think this is a great deal. I may try some other brands still. But only because I'd like some comparison and to see if I like anything better. Also I don't understand why they give you 2 shampoo and only 1 conditioner in the pack. The conditioner bar is smaller than the shampoo bar as well.
Smells great and Is a great gift for the price
Easy to apply. Dries quickly. I just put it on yesterday so I am not sure about the longevity yet. I have not tried to remove so I can't answer that question yet. Love the colors. Love that the kit comes complete.
I wanted to find a cheaper alternative for the Face Halo which is 3 for $22. I tested both items out and although the Face Halo does remove more makeup, this one isn't actually too bad either. The price and amount you get definitely out weighs the Face Halo. If you add soap to this, it does the trick. Will be repurchasing in the future.
this wooden box is great for my oils. the compartments are large enough to hold both my small bottles and the larger ones. Easy to open and the trays all come out very easily. Love the wood smell.
Exactly the same thing as the $23 branded versions also for sale on Amazon at 1/3 the price. Nothing different except no brand name or box. Works the same. Looks the same. Tastes the same.
Super comfy and still wear them all the time. My only complaint is that they are medium material and I like thick material. I bought these in the winter so that's why. I will definitely like the thickness in the summer months!
This product is very well made and looks great. It was a bit smaller than expected and does not hold very much.
Very thick, but it does get my skin nice and soft. I definitely recommend mixing it with another serum or oil to thin it out, otherwise it's like putting paste on your face
Was hoping it was thick.. almost paste like.but bad tho
Not as hot as expected but it gets the job done.
They work good. Also the decal is easily removable so that you can reuse the little plastic containers. The price was great and unbeatable.
I have had pin straight hair my entire life. As I get older my hair is beginning to curl up. In trying to get back what I lost, I bought this flat iron. It was the biggest mistake I could have made! It takes me at least 12-20 swipes in the same area to try to straighten my hair. This flat iron doesn't seem to get hot enough to straighten my hair. If i could give it negative stars, i would. I can't return it now because my window has closed. So i now have to eat the cost. Ugh. ______________ UPDATE: Changed my # of stars because I was contacted by customer service who refunded my money even though I was passed my window for a refund. Excellent customer service! Thank you!
The product arrived leaking.
Love this eyeshadow. I can't believe how long it stays on. I usually have to reapply this has great color. Will definitely buy again
This product worked pretty well for my son's costume. His hair is very dark and it was mostly covered in grey.
this is a repeat order for this product
I love this as an everyday foundation for summer! No breakouts and no clogged pores
I bought this for my sister's birthday and she really liked it. The design on the necklace is great and it came with multiple felt pads to use the essential oils on.
Got the kit and 4 inks were busted. Other than that pretty pleased with it. I would love to contact seller in regards to replacing the ink.
Nice packaging. And you receive 4 pairs. Good quality, thick gloves
Works OK, not much power on Battery, Doesn't shave as close as my old one
Ok. Got more dark than silver. Used a 30 developer.
I received a sample for Christmas from my sister a year ago, and once I finally tried it, I wished I had t waited so long. I've always had thick curly hair and never really found the “perfect” product for me. I'm a no-fuss person, and this has been a Godsend. I just put it in my hair after the shower, and air dry. It gives me the slightest hold for my curls, but my hair doesn't feel like i have any product in it. For me, it's only 4 stars because of the price. I just don't like to spend too much on beauty products.
I lost the cover for it and it doesn't break down easily to store in the bag I already had. It seems a wee bit too gentle for my preference, but it is a good travel brush. Have not yet tried to reorder brush heads.
It's a great nail polish! Perhaps the longest lasting clear coat I've used, however, it dries with a matte finish. I wanted gloss.
I really don't think you want me to give a detailed review or add photos!
Very good but a little sticky
The palette arrived in perfect condition. None of the eyeshadows were cracked or broken. I was a little skeptical on if they were going to be pigmented enough. Of the colors I have used, they show up perfectly fine. At least the matts do. The shimmers require a little work. Over all a pretty good palette. I plan to buy more from them.
Exactly what I was looking for. Holds all my bottles perfectly without banging around
Works well, shaves closely.
I have tried and loved most of the Whole Blends collections and I settled on the Legendary Olive collection because the shampoo made my greasy hair feel clean and the conditioner was thick and made my hair feel nice and easier to comb out. What I loved the most is that the Legendary Olive collection is dimethicone (silicone) free, which helped my skin recover from acne/clogged pores on my face and shoulders. I used the Legendary Olive collection exclusively for over a year, but as my hair got longer (almost to my waist) it wasn't working as well for me anymore. My hair started feeling a bit dry and it started breaking easier despite taking excellent care and precaution with it. I switched over to the Honey Treasures Whole Blends collection cause my hair was much softer and more manageable after trying it out. I might come back to the Legendary Olive collection if the dimethicone in the Honey Treasures collection gives me issues. I hope Garnier makes more Whole Blends collections in the future that are silicone free.
Its a matte finish so it doesn't leave you shining for a man that's important. It charcoal ingredients are working even after a mud mask.
Great product it keeps my hair from looking brassy and I had dark brown before bleaching it
Good beginners brush. Loses a few hairs about every other shave but it retains its softness. Not the best brush on the market (I'm sure) but it serves as a cheaper introduction to wet-shaving
Worked just as advertised! Smells like every other Aveda product.
I like the lavender version but, it was more money about 20%. Interesting, this non-lavender soap puts more in your palm of hand compared to the lavender version, with our Simple Human soap dispenser (automatic/battery). I think we will use more of the soap with these soap dispensers compared to the lavender version, so the price probably will equate the same in the long run
Nicely made. Solid in the hand. The only problem is that the handle is smooth. You get it wet, or heaven forbid, get some shaving cream on it and the razor slide around in your hand. Once you dry it off, it the handle looks beautiful and you can continue shaving.
Nicely presented and packaged to prevent damage.
Not what I expected, but still good. I had originally planned on using this all over the face, but because of it has a thicker consistency, and it would take too much effort, I just slather it on my nose and call it a day.
Is a nice easy to use make up it covers pretty good.
This bottle works just like it is suppose to. It is smaller than the bottle of alcohol which sure is nice and you just have to flip the lid open and flip it closed again. it is light weight, which makes it a tiny bit squirrelly so holding it while you are pressing down to get the alcohol is a good idea. It is much more convenient than opening a bottle of alcohol and soaking a cotton ball...much less waste.
I love it. I got the red color and it's definitely really really bright and kinda shiny and tangles easily but it's cute and fluffy and fits my alternative look. I definitely get a lot of weird looks its a statement piece especially when your brown skin and have dark lipstick on!! Although i will retire this wig just because it isn't something I'd wear everywhere... Like a funeral or something formal but it's definitely fun to be on the wild side for a bit.
I was so happy to get two free colors with this purchase. Everything arrived well packaged. Length of wear and ease of peel off varies, but I am overall happy with my purchase.
My back grows itchy wiry hair, that often gets ingrown. So, I thought I would try this back razor (as my wife is not always available and I cannot reach many spots with an ordinary razor). Overall, I am satisfied. I do have a caution: the blades are very sharp, so go slowly loading, unloading, handling and shaving. It is an acquired skill. Once you get the hang of it, it is helpful grooming tool. Incidentally, aside from the cost of waxing, my body's skin cannot tolerate waxing. I did cut myself before I realized that I had to be very careful. That said, it works for me....
This makeup does stay on, but sometimes it goes on look a little chalky
Great hairdryer, only downside is the cord is fairly short.
Wow does this make up stay even after a shower and there is no running here, not even when you cry. Only issue I had with it was that the eyeliner was difficult to apply in that it you really had to work for it to show up on the skin. I guess I would say it didn't flow well. If you get what I mean.
Works pretty good and its dries matte
I was hoping it was enough and it turns out it's enough for long while. It was very effective for the oral problem I used it for: however, the label didn't say it was for that.
I find my hair easier to straighten with a flat iron after using Brazilian blow out products. My hair feels smooth and looks shiny and healthy. I don't understand however when other reviewers think the smell is amazing. I find the smell peculiar. The consistency is a little thinner and comes out of the tube much easier than my first order.
In this set of fake eyelashes you get a tray of eyelashes an different sizes. They are 8 lengths to pick from. I did have a hard time getting them off. You will need glue for eyelashes to put them on. The are soft to the touch, They are a little different the ones I have tried but these seem to work so far.
Love it so far. Thank you for promoting this product.
I absolutely adore this lotion and was pleased to find it available on Amazon at such an affordable price. Sadly though it came to me in a bag half exploded. Not sure if it was sent by air and exploded on the plane or there was some other issue. Either way, it's a little disappointing to see it arrive like this.
Love the conditioner!! The only reason why I'm not giving it 5 stars is because as soon as I took off the red cap the spring came out and the pump broke. I can't even fix it.
Great hair for incredible price! Loved this wig. Very soft and seems to be virgin hair! I just wish they didn't put such an unnecessary and unnatural looking amount of hair at the front; I had to spend about 2 hours plucking. But after plucking the hairline, washing, and styling it looks natural and beautiful!
Daughter-in-law thought this was an awesome X-mad present. Works well
Can be a bit pricey and wish spf was 50, but its enviro-friendly and we all try to do our part.
The oil is lighter than others and easy to work in, which is a big plus. Decent brush and comb set. The brush hairs don't just fall out after a single use. Overall, a good product for the price.
I'd give it a B+ This hair product was not the same old stuff with a different label, so I give them credit for that. I have short hair and what I need a product to do is hold down the cowlick in back but give me some volume on top/front. Why Bad Lab was not a home run: I've had stronger holds, the finish is wetter than I like and the scent is very strong, almost like having cologne on your hair. I'll use it up, but will keep looking for an A.
Pretty but came with no instructions. I figured it out.
It doesn't do a good job of covering my scar, but I think it's just a matter of it being the wrong shade. This is lighter than my skin and is probably lighter than the skin of most white males. I like the basic idea of a scar-covering concealer that also helps heal - this shade just isn't right for me. It would be nice if they sold a sampler pack of the different shades so I could see which is the best match.
Love this! And the packaging is lovely!
Cheap, easy to use if not often. I used it once for a cosplay or two with a wig, and it didnt offer problems, but i noticed major ware to it after.
I bought this for a weeklong vacation. The bag is a high quality bag, it just isn't as big as I hoped.
These are very pretty and super soft on the skin! Didn't shed bristles when I used them. Would recommend these if you want a decent starter set for a lower price tag!
I received my order in the said number of days. Can't really complain about these combs since they get the job done. I prefer these than wig clips (personal opinion). I only gave it 4 stars because 3 of the 32 pieces thread got loose.
Nice fragrance for everyday and affordable.
This is very easy to apply, smooth and silky. My only concern is that if you don't work with it you can look "orangey" if that is a word. As an older person, my face doesn't have much natural color; I've always been pale. What I wanted was something to just bring a tad of color to my face, but not be noticeable and if applied with care this product will do just that. If I purchase again I will go with a lighter shade to avoid any chance of an unreal appearance.
I like it! Unlike other thermal protectors I've tried, this one does not leave my hair greasy looking or weighed down. Little to no smell after heat application. Dosen't get sticky on flat iron. Deduction for packaging. Bottle broke during first use. Certainly need a better bottle.
I like the consistency of this and it soaked in easily. It had a bit of a tacky feeling but it wasn't shiny. Sadly even with repeated application I still got a bit of a burn.
The blue/green one are way better.
These lashes are great for the price. The only down side is that you have to be super careful with the band, you can strip some hairs off while cleaning them if you're not careful.
THe travel clippers don't do much... there isn't enough power. But the main clippers are great
I use this on the side of my refrigerator at work. For the most part I really like it and it does what I expect it to do. If I get a little too rambunctious, I have pulled the whole thing off of the refrigerator, so I think it would be perfect and 5 stars if it had a bit stronger magnet on it.
The comb makes it easy to apply in stripes. The chaulk works as well as other we have tried.
I bought this to plump up my lips and I will admit that when the clear lip wax is applied, it tingles. I am confused which end should be applied first. I have done it both ways. The tan color stick is not dark enough to blend with my lip color, and so when applying lipstick color, it always makes it totally a lighter shade.
After doing endless amount of research, decided to give this a shot to clear my acne scar. its still too soon to tell if the product is working or its the vitamin C serum thats doing the work, but the scar is healing. i use it every night before going to sleep, and in the morning after shower when the pore opens up
This product is amazing for one daughter and not so great for the other. If your hair is thick and needs a deep conditioning; this creamy product is going to take some work to condition your hair. If your hair is medium to thin and curly like my other daughters hair, her scalp looks amazing and healthy thanks to this product.
This was a gift - I liked the presentation and how it was delivered. The only thing which differed from the picture provided was the color of the bag the picture shows it to be a lot darker where as when I received it -it was lighter a faded version.
Love this curling jelly! I use this regularly to finger coil. It has a good slip and perfect to finger coil. It doesn't give a hold if that's what you are looking for.
Great product and the price is more than reasonable
These heads are a great buy! The heads fit well on my Braun electrical toothbrush and they are not hard to put on or take off. My only wish is that it had a hole on both sides instead of just one side. Other than that, the brush heads work great! I would buy again.
I liked the tip of the pencil, very efficient cleaning of the polish. I am curious how long would one tip last for me.
It was amazing hair for an affordable price. I made a unit out of it
Super pretty to look at it, so I'm happy to leave it out even if I'm not using it. The glow is lovely as well. So far I've enjoyed it, it has a light stream that comes out that doesn't make a sound. My only issue with it is the sound of the water dripping as I'm sleeping so far, and I wish it was quieter. Otherwise, works great.
I feel like I made the right call on these. All of mine worked well. I'm happy you can switch the covers. Sprays well. Only downside is the caps do not click into place. But overall these do not leak and work well!
Good enough. Should recommend that I could come with gloves like other products. So far it works as intended.
It last longer then other adhesives,but only about 6 hours. I needed to redo after lunch.
This cleanser is refreshing and gentle. It foams up with water and doesn't leave any residue on the skin after rinsing. I do like Paula's Choice Resist Hydrating Cleanser quite a bit better than this one, but it's pretty good as far as cleansers go. Maybe is priced at bit too high for what it is, but it does beat many other cleansers in quality and is a good non-irritating and non-drying option for sensitive skin types.
If you're looking for something heavier or have very dry skin in need of serious moisture, this might not cut it. Has a nice smell and lightweight formula that does the trick. Good product for after-shower applications. Recommend.
I love the color and the hair! It comes with 4 packs...but you need at least 6 packs for a full head.
It absolutely gets the job done in terms of completely masking the odor of weed, but it seems to have some chemicals in it that I'm not too comfortable being around.
I bought this to replace my bulky old waterpik with the tank. I like that I can leave this out on the bathroom counter without taking up so much space. My ONLY wish is that it lasted more than a few seconds....but that's what you get with the smaller reservoirs. One charge lasts for days. Overall I really like the convenience of this flosser.
Great little mirror. Well made, clear and crisp. Not cheap or flimsy at all.
The product is good but my order was short of a soap
Just received it used it and it made my skin very soft.
So soft and very pretty, a fair bit bigger than it looks online so it covers my entire forehead but aside from that is very soft and actually pretty comfortable!
Great brush. Very soft, perfect for my daughter's hair!!! Love this and great price!
I saw reviews that stated this wig needed some trimming and minimal to no styling.. this couldn't be any more misleading! While the wig certainly did need some trimming but it was not styled at all. Shaking it around and ruffling it fresh out of the package does yield some very small results but be prepared to channel your inner hair stylist if you want this week to look perfect! I did the best I could.. and may have used some very unconventional methods to keep the wig styled.. but I am ultimately satisfied with the product and would totally recommend this to any of my cosplaying friends, especially at its price!
The amount for this item should have be billed to the Visa card not the gift card. Please correct.
Works great! You should get one!
I felt the degrease moisture control shampoo helped to remove the oil, but also moisturize my hair and scalp leaving it with a super clean smell and feel after using. I would recommend this product to those seeking improvement to oily hair concerns, but want to avoid over stripping oils that might leave the scalp dry and flaky.
This product seems to be a bit weaker than if I ordered from a friend. It is still great, but does not seem to have the same staying power as that ordered through someone who sells on the side.
Lash storage box extremely pretty. Lashes not skimpy. Long enough to make long or short. Comfortable.
This product did not come with a cap like it should have. I am unsure what happend to the cap. This made me highly disappointed in the company I bought it from.
With my salt and pepper hair I like to use charcoal grey eye color. This pencil is creamy but firm enough to sharpen. It does tend to smear on my eyes when it's hot outside. I add eyeshadow after applying liner, and that helps. I love the color. A staple for me, and a great color for bringing out hazel eyes like mine.
I loved them at first but just a few days of using them they dulled out and stopped holding my fans in place
Great brush no problems so far easy to keep clean thank you love it very much.
I'm glad with my purchase but it was to small. Maybe I'll get me a bigger one.
Overall very nice quality for a synthetic wig/lace front, once you put the right product to set the curls it looks bomb! Do not wear it 24/7 due to the fact it is synthetic and have to keep up with it. Really cute tho!
If you have somebody on your gift giving list that is hard to shop for, this is one of the items that's easy to know if they already have one or not, and if they need one. That's the best quality about this product, and the second good thing about this product is that it is better than using tweezers to yank out your nostril hairs and risk pimples in your nostrils from agitating the hair follicles which of course means the hair follicles got plugged when the nostril hairs were ripped out with tweezers. You get the idea.
If you have a lot of hair like me, these clips might break on a bend. There's quite a few of them and they're conveniently several different colors, one of them broke the second day when I picked up my hair and put it in a bun. It chipped, not fully broke but would love it if it were more flexible.
This lipstick is a dupe for MAC ruby woo. Good coverage. Last about 5 hrs before you have to re-up. Will order again.
Easy to use, stays in place with mask underneath, and easy to clean. Simple but useful!
I was worried about the shampoo bottle would broke since they sent it from Korea. Thought I may have to return the item or cancel my order. But I received a complete bottle. They wrapped it with a plastic bubble wrap. Very professional.
I love my new bamboo toothbrushes. My teeth feel extremely clean when I'm done, and the brush fits nicely in my hand. I would highly recommend this product.
A little pricey but happy with the product.
Smaller than expected but will work
Does all it says my only complaint is the top won't stay on which is important because you don't want to bend the actual scrubber head.fast delivery professional packaging
Nice looking, different than usual brown tortoise shell-color Holds all of my thick hair.
Some where hard to open. They were smooth and did last a long time
I have used this product before. I have long lashes they make them look thick
It's mostly made up of natural ingredients a person can relate to and or pronounce, rather than a lab experiment for the hair. It leave the hair smelling fresh and is very good at cleaning, without being to harsh or stringent. Very good.
Very gentle on my hair. Only thing I don't like is the part that snaps together digs into my head after awhile. I have to keep turning it throughout the day.
Very cute train case. Great for children or adults. Gave it to my niece and she loved it.
This has lasted for a couple months so far and I've had no problems using it. I do my nails at home and this is invaluable when prepping the cuticles. Update: the cord got a short in it 3 and a half months after I got it. I used it quite a bit before then. Still probably worth buying for the price.
I like this beard trimmer, but my only complaint is that even at its lowest setting, it doesn't clipper the hair down as low as I would like.
Smells decent, not a go to, but pretty good
Fit into the razor head but with some difficulty getting lined up just right. Once installed works well.
Very good value for the price and will reorder again. Quickly shipped and in good condition.
Works well with my wavy hair and feels good in my hand. The only thing I did not like is that the bristles don't have a soft top like some other brushes do so it feels slightly scratchy on the scalp
Does what I purchased it for
Lightweight cream, but does help with wrinkles starting around my eyes. I'm not a fan of the smell and wish it left my skin feeling moisturized a bit longer. A little goes a long way when applying.
Works great for blending my makeup on. Only down side is that it doesn't seem to last that long before it starts to break apart. I do love that it is a vegan sponge.
Like/need to do what I can to help my face and this Asterwood is part of the plan. Non-irritating, easy to use. Will definately buy from them again. I feel lucky having so many good and affordable products available. Thank you Amazon!
I would like a little more moisturizing, but do see a little lightening and tightening. It's impossible to lighten hereditary dark circles.
I've only used the product a couple times and don't really know the long lasting results. My only problem is the product came with a broken cap and I'm afraid the product will dry out before I finish it
I was a little sad when my hair came in plastic and not the cute little boxes like I saw in other reviews. But the hair is nice and full. It feels extremely soft and I plan to wear it in Miami next month. I will update this review after it's installed and again after three weeks of wearing. The only reason it doesn't have 5 starts is because I haven't installed it yet and I didn't like the packaging.
It look good but look more like a 8 than a 10 size it look like the original the brush really soft
Similar to other mineral sunscreens I've used, but tends to separate in the bottle and comes out with some oily liquid despite shaking well. Otherwise works well, not overly thick and is easy enough to rub in on babies skin. Gave good coverage for a full day in the sun without reapplying.
Didn't like the hard plastic, still great for traveling
Works great but as another reviewer mentioned there is no tip covering the end. You begin to realize how used to this you are when you instinctively go to hold the end of your curling iron and burn your fingers. This is extremely hot. Works great apart from the one design flaw, esp. for the price!
I really like them, but I noticed an issue with the red polishes... they seem really sheer and don't show up well over black nail polish. I'm not sure why, the blue showed up very vibrant and pretty. Overall these work great, but the reds were kind of disappointing.
Though the conditioner was not (and I could not ascertain from the verbiage nor the photos in the product characterization online) the clear, thin, liquid I rather wanted. That said, the conditioner part (as well as the shampoo) is a great product, performs well, and I would happily buy again. A bit pricey by my lights, but then, you get what you pay for, or a little bit less.
Pleasant ly suprised... like it.
Great; my sister, myself are using these. My sister made the mistake of plucking close to all over her eyebrows off and they looked terrible. Now she's able to make them even until they grow back again. This worked out because all three of us have different shapes. My mother likes more of an arch and I prefer rounded.
My makeup skills aren't the best (I'm just getting into my love for makeup) but after a long night I was pleasantly shocked at how long the colors lasted. The shades blend together well and the range of colors leaves so much room for creativity whether it's for an everyday look or a more bold look. The shades do sometimes need some extra help with a spray of water to the brush but that doesn't affect me much. Definitely a go to.
Need to provide more of the oil wipes
If it wasn't for the fact that one broke the first time I stretched it I would have given them 5 stars :)
Exactly like the pictures. Be careful when pulling them off the sticky strip bc they are delicate and sometimes rip in half.
Do not like the roll on's at all but it's okay
I enjoyed this product because its cooling and feels great when you put it on and take it off. Highly recommended.
This is the best stuff ever for dry skin! I love it! Great price too!
Heats well and it is lightweight.
I bought this for my daughter who just became a teen and all of a sudden has broken out. I attribute it to her not cleaning her face as well as she should and of course hormones! She was tickled when I gave it to her. She loves that it fits into the palm of her hand easily so she has not problem gripping it. She has been using it since we got it and loves it. I am pleased knowing that she is getting her skin squeaky clean.
This product offers a burning sensation because it's cooling down the inflammation in your eyes. If you can't handle it buy something that probably won't work as well. Not me. This is it.
I love this body wash. The lemon smell is so nice. Have been using it for several years.
Love this product, I've noticed a huge difference in the clarity of my skin and tone after using 5 weeks and I haven't gotten any new pimples since I started using it. It's actually clearing my skin up and making it look softer at the same time. I'm also using the peptide serum right after it's a great combo to use this cleanser and one of their serums right after morning and night. Eva's is organic and a good product I'm glad I trusted it! Will def be offering more.
Morning preparations for work
This really works last all day even on deep lines
This product has already impressed me. I bought this razor just a few days ago and have used it multiple times already! It does not pull or tug like other razors I have used. I am a big fan of the multiple attachments that come with this razor, the nose hair attachment is one I will use the most!
Bought as a gift for my daughter, seems like good quality.
love it! Will continue to order
Great colors for a set!
They do exactly what I need them to for my combination skin. Love them, but I don't use them as often as I should probably :( ...however when I do my face feels great the next few days.
So glad that I purchased this. This really helps get any extra off my teeth, to the point where I may increase the length of time for dental cleanings. It feels like I've been to the dentist daily. Love it. It take me a few tries figuring out how to use this without spraying the room, but have it down pat now. :)
I've been using this product, since purchase. Very impressed
I use these to store diy mascara and eyelash/brow serum and they work just fine. No muss, no fuss! The kit comes with everything needed to make filling a tube as easy as possible. Glad I ordered these.
Those bath bomb are just great. My kids love it. Bath time turned into an exciting time, they enjoy the shiny colorful wrap and then the toy at the end, it's really a hit. Will definitely buy it again
I am a young 41. I need to look like I feel. A girlfriend recommended this product and I was weary but the price point was good and I took a shot. Totally worth it. I had to go on YouTube to figure out how to use it because the directions were hard to read and a little confusing. After a couple of uses my husband noticed. It made my day. I love this product.
In October I was going to cosplay as a male version of Cruella. To dress and play the part at work since I work in the fine arts at the school. Everyone from students and colleagues enjoyed it! I had so much fun playing the villain lol. :)
Smells great and lasts almost all day!
This is hard to find in the stores,but I love it for tight lining. It glides on,and stays put,and does not irritate my eyes.
I am 63 and have been waking up with some puffiness around my eyes in the mornings. I like Best Eye Gel which has taken care of that problem in about 15 minutes after waking.
This provides a very strong hold for your hair so you'll have to experiment with this product in the beginning to achieve your desired effects. Follow the manufacturer's instructions and start off with a small amount. Then add more if needed.
I've had these on for a week with zero problems. As a bartender and xray tech, I'm very rough with my hands. This picture was just taken, after a week of wear and picking through half a dozen crabs. Never going to the nail salon again! Instead of the glue that came with these nails, I used Ibd 5 second nail glue.
Great wig for the price! Very soft, realistic.
My favorite always have one in my car
Tone Soap is always good.
SO WORTH IT!! no shedding, natural, just the right amount of pieces. I use my homemade oil to give it a little moisture. Hair remains sooo soft . Highly recommend ‼️
Super fast shipping!!!!! Great deal!!!!! The best brushes in the world for detangling your hair with ease in my opinion!!!!!!!!! Beautiful brush design!!!!!!
helps with my slow saliva output
This concealer works miracles! My favorite ever and excellent price! Fast shipping too!
Love these. Smell and feel great on my skin. I'm super sensitive but these soaps do the trick. Suggestion, make sure you get a tray that drains the water otherwise these soap like any soap will break down fast.
Was exactly as described!
Perfect for Texas weather
Very cool eyeliner, easy to draw I really like, the brush is thin, it is waterproof. I recommend this product. Thank you so much. I'm happy.
I use this product, along with the shampoo, on my own natural hair and hair extensions.
Love it...its hard for me to tan since I'm so fair skinned...I actually get a tan using this
Can't believe scrunchies are “back In” lol bought these for my niece and she loves them.
Great power block, I'm able to charge my iPad my iPhone and other things while also being able to change out the outlet adapter so I could take it wherever I travel
Not too big, not too small. Use it for my hair.
Got this for my daughter for our vacation. It held up well...no frizziness, minimal tangling. The color and quality was amazing. Only had to use a little less than 5 packs. There is a nice amount of hair included.. **Update**Purchased again in an other color combination. The hair is gorgeous!! Thank you
Was nervous this product would be difficult to use or cause irritation, but it's only made me love my eyebrows. I use it every 3 weeks or so, and it makes me look more awake and put together even without makeup. Love it!
These are great towels. They absorb a lot of water and make it easier and faster to dry your hair.
Loved the small container to travel with.
This product cleans the nose very well. The suction is strong yet gentle on skin. I would highly recommend this product to anyone who has blackhead issues. Good for both men and women.
One of my all time favorites. Very easy to refill soap dispensers and smells phenominal.
There's absolutely no tugging on my facial hair! I get a better shave with this than more expensive razors I've used!
Great product and great small I wish it last longer
Very comfortable. Room darkened very well
Replacement for old Phillips. Great product, enjoy using it. I find the battery life can be a little short, but I brush 3 times a day, so you be the judge.
I love the cool, soothing feel of this moisturizer. I ordered exactly what the Olay website beauty tool suggested and I feel it is working as described.
Work very well. Very happy. Just make sure you don't go too far on the last step creates a little too much tension and caused headaches. But once I heated it up and reformed it was just fine. Very happy.
Just received my hair combed and I have to say that my expectations were high and I have to say they were met! This comb works like a charm thank you for creating this!
It's Exactly what I ordered and Works Great!! Thank You
Stayed on for 2 weeks. No chipping. Ordering more
Tried a different kind of magnetic lashes with two magnets and like the 3 much better like these have. Very natural looking and easy to put on. Curl your top lashes, put on, and add mascara to bottom lashes. I wear these on a regular basis! Very easy to use with practice. Cover any drain if you put on over a sink- I lost a piece that way. Worn many times and friends ask me how my lashes grew out- you cannot see the magnet unless you know what you're looking for- fits seemlessly on the lash line.
Delivered when told it would be to my mom whom I ordered it for. She used it as an essential oil mix for pain.
Product was delivered to neighbors house ... thankfully they did not take my products
Smooth, smells great, and works well. Good stuff!
Always happy with this brand; works far better, and stains far less than other brands. Have purchased before, and will purchase again.
Love this product, very hydrating and smells like sage.
I have used Estee Lauder Youth Dew for 58 years. I have never bought anything else. Love it.
I use Head and Shoulders a lot it works very well for my dandruff
They are what I wanted, the look of blue glass without the breaking hazards.
I got a unit made out of this hair !! Love it will be buying it again
Using this stuff forever and really gets the job done. Is water proof for summer on the lake,
Good quality: super soft and comfortable to use. Comes in a super cute bag with a laundry bag, will 10/10 recommend this to all of my friends.
This eyebrow pencil is amazing! It's exactly what I've been looking for! I love how it looks so natural and really brings out my natural eyebrows without appearing chalky and unnatural. It doesn't take much to apply. A few light strokes and your done, beautiful natural looking eyebrows. I will definitely be keeping this my makeup bag for daily usage and certainly be ordering this again. Thank you!
This is an excellent water flosser, and a great value. This flosser is just as powerful as their countertop unit, but takes less space and is more attractive. It is easy to fill and comfortable to use. I flossed 3 times a day for 4 days on a single charge. It comes with a handy travel bag also. H2ofloss makes a quality product at a reasonable price.
This product works well. So well in fact that I thought it was going to suck the skin off of my face! I didn't use steam to open my pores up and it still pulled junk out of my pores! I have always had blackheads pretty bad, and this tool helps tremendously!
No problem so far. Do what they say they are supposed to do.
Nice product Nice quality
Great product, feels a bit different when wet, but makes my hair full, and healthy.
It was more than I expected. I love them. They were intended to be a Christmas gift but kept them for myself and purchased my sister something else.
Nice and short. Good regular quality. Adhesive is durable, even a little hard to take off.
I love this product! Feels amazing on my dry winter skin. And smells yummy - would buy again!
Will buy more like the feel of handle and many Mua use this brand
We have found that this tea makes great, refreshing sun tea in the hot summer temperatures!!!!
My wife picked this one for her and my daughter. She loves the color and style. It normally tooked her about 10 mins to dry her long hair for both medium and high heat. Works great so far. Hope this one last longer than her old one. She likes it so far.
This is such a pretty diffuser! The colors are vibrant and cycle nicely. I haven't left it on for the full 3 hour timer to see how far the reservoir goes yet. Came in a nice silver box that would make it good enough to gift it in. Glad I finally got one.
Super wicking, hair is dry in no time!
Easy to use. It also has four different heads for four differnet functions which is pretty cool and I like that. You cna easily switch the heads for big or small blackheads and another is to firm the skin and the fourth one is to minimize the pores which I need that. Overall pretty nice product and it is wireless too and not batteries operated. You just charge it and bring it anywhere with you.
This is my favorite. I get a lot of compliments and it lasts a long time. The cost is very reasonable. JoAnna Fleek
This mirror is great! The light is super bright perfect for putting on makeup. Small enough to take with you or store in a drawer. It only takes 3AAA battery's. You will see all your imperfections in this mirror. That's how closeup is.
This item is a gift for a 3 year old. Looking at the item it seems to be ok. Will not really know how it works. I am hoping it is fine. for the little one.
This electric nail drill set is perfect. It comes with everything you can imagine needing. Every once in awhile I do my own nails at home, so I needed a good set of tools to prepare my nails and this was inexpensive, but is perfect. It has the tools to file, sand, polish, clip your cuticles and more.
I spend a lot of time in my car, so this is a nice way to use my essential oils daily. I love that I can switch out the scents for when I'm working (something motivating) to something calming (for when the kiddos are in the car). I also love that it's another way I am able to gain the benefits of essential oils in my life.
Love how it's all natural with not too many ingredients. Calendula and coconut water were the reasons why I bought this! The scent is a bit strong - but it wears off pretty quick. It stings a bit at first too but again stops pretty quick - so perhaps not for the ultra sensitive skin. There is no redness however and it feels very moisturizing. Also very good value - the bottle will last me forever. :D UPDATE: After I used this for a few days I love this even more! Makes you glow, very moisturizing and helps with pore congestion!
Its velvety soft !! Double sided like it says which is very helpful!!
Product is as described. It's easy to use and I notified a difference after just 2 uses.
Great oils with rich scent, I have rebought these oils several times and will continue to do so
This set of oils is great. Just a few drops...all of them have instant aromatic scent unlike some others out there. Pleasantly surprised with the quality of them. This ended up being a good pick.
First time I have ever changed brands and I'm not going back! Smells great, hold is intense!!
Works just as expected - towels are hot hot and heat up fast with pre-wet the towels. I add a regular towel over the steamed towel to hold in heat for a longer relaxing experience.
I bought these for my daughter who has long hair. They are great quality and easy to use. I put them in her hair all the while thinking they wouldn't be very good for a adult with thick hair but there were 6 left over so I pout them in my hair. I was very impressed. The next morning there ones I'd used stayed in and left very nice curls. I'd recommend these to anyone and would definietly purchase again.
I've been reseating and seeking out a better razor and ones without plastic and that awful strip of goo on the razor heads. I was a bit worried about using a safety razor at first, but once I started it was awesome!! I just held the razor gently to my skin and glided it across, leaving a smooth finish behind! I also love that it's double sided so I can flip the head before having to rinse and repeat! Cleaning and changing blades is super easy and affordable!
They are so pretty!!! So much bling!
Love the size and variety of features
This is one of the best hair spray I ever used. It helps your hair in the shape you want and it lasts for a whole day! The scent is a little bit strong, so remember to open the window when you use it.
I was skeptical about this. I didn't think it would get as heat as a real dryer, but it sure does! I have thick, curly hair. I used flexi-rods and my hair set perfectly. They recommend drying for 20-30 minutes, however if you have a lot of hair, you know you have to stay under longer. What I did was took breaks, and in total used it for about an hour and 15 minutes. You can adjust the hood to fit you more comfortably; so glad to have found this! I can travel with it easily.
Amazon product!!! easy to make curls, light at hand, does not burn the skin or hands, fast shipping. 100% recommended.
Love this! I'm buying the full sized products next!
Nice scents! Comes with an info card with details to what each is good for! Very nice quality box and bottles! Well done! Would recommend!
I love anything that takes care of my skin & I do regular facials & love those steamers! This one I use to open up my pores & use the pore cleaner to get whiteheads & blackheads. This is convenient & love that it's portable! No more paying tons of money to get facials done since I'll be doing mine at home!
I'm on my second bottle and really like this product. It tightens the skin under my eyes, reduces fine lines and generally makes them look younger, fresher, practically wrinkle free (and I'm almost 58 years old). I will definitely keep using this product!
The cutting edges are not in direct contact with the skin, so the trimmer is safer and more reassuring to use. It is easy to clean and neat enough to fit into my bag.
Quick response to a delivery issue. Bracelet is beautiful.
My daughter has pretty sensitive skin and this works great for her. Keeps her moisturised.
Heavenly lasting fragrance, just as described, lathers well, perfect. L
These smell great and they work great. I love them.
This flat iron/curling iron actually works. I was looking for a cheaper alternative to the Tyme curling wand thing. I just got my package today and immediately plugged it in. I have bleached hair so I set it on the medium heat, or one close to the middle. I literally had curls like 2 minutes later. The first swipe straightened my hair. Then I remember another reviewer said you have to turn the barrel as you go down the hair, so that's what I did. I sort of kept wrapping it as I was sliding it through my hair. One important thing is to make sure that little lip on the wand is the side that is close to your scalp. I forgot that part and accidentally singed my forehead, I hope the burn isn't too bad! Anyway, so here is a picture I took. This literally took me like 5 minutes on dirty hair. All I did was brush out my hair and pop in a few curls, VERY pleased with how easy it is. It does sort of pull on your hair a bit, but I'm sure I will get better with that in time. And yeah, they aren't perfect, but this was my first time and I wasn't going for perfection, I was trying to see if it worked. I hope this helps someone else make the decision. Oh yeah, my hair type is fine.
Reasonably priced Amazing product. And super fast delivery.
They were just as I expected. Very good price.
I struggle with adult acne and this face wash has been one of the only ones that I've found, prescription and drug store bought; that has kept my skin clear.
My daughter loves these!
Getting ready to order another
Great scent, leaves hands soft.
Great product and goes on so smooth...the best by far eyebrow pencil I have ever used
My son loves these bath bombs! I have bought these several times for different holidays and it's always a huge hit! The bath bombs smell sooo good! The best is the surprise pokemon inside. We will continue to order from Kay's bath!
I wear waterproof mascara and contacts. As many know, that can be a tough combination! This balm works effortlessly to remove all my eye makeup and leaves my skin and delicate eye area feeling fantastic!
My wife loved it. She wants another one. Large space. Quality is good.
The protector came very well packaged and I loved the added touch of including the alcohol wipe and the extra cloth for wiping the excess residue off. When applying the screen protector it applied with ease and fit the phone perfectly. The surface feels good to the touch and has made using my phone a very pleasurable experience. I am sure this screen protector will last the test of time. Pros - Looks as good a normal screen - Strong, full-screen protection from scrapes and impacts - (Relatively) easy application, with some patience! - Phone functionality completely normal Cons - None so far Really great full front coverage screen protector that you wouldn't know is there, very happy!
This hair color kit was easy to use, there was very little dripping, it gave me beautiful color and left my hair super soft. Love it!
Great for organizing my make up.
Very pretty little hand mirror! Looks exactly as pictured and arrived in perfect condition.
Exactly what I needed it to do.
Switched to this product after suggestion by my friend. Liked the no chemicals and Organic ingredients approach. I can feel my hair different after a Couple of weeks of use.
Bought for my son. Very easy to use, however, the first time it was used water went all over the place so it takes time to learn how to best use it so this doesn't happen.
utilizing for essential oil remedies; excellent product
Works wonderfully. Feels like a massage for your back. Just watch your hair if it is long! Love that it has two different sides for preference of owner. Creates great lather, but that might depend on what body wash you use. I really love it!!!
great price for attractive cologne
Works great! Very pretty! Love the detail!
My son got LEGO Ironman in his. Made his night!
Makes my husband's beard so soft!
Great alternative to a round brush for getting your hair straight. Light weight and vented so the heat gets through better. I ordered after hairdresser used it on my hair.
These work great! Once wet, they are very grippy and wipe makeup off easily.
I love it!!! I used the whole time in the Bahamas not once did I get burned! I'm always getting burned in the summer time. Since I've been using this for the first time ever I haven't gotten burned! Just tan! Picture is my arm against my white stomach the part that is covered by my swim suit. My husband used coppertone sunscreen the whole time in the Bahamas and he got so burned he started to the point where it was uncomfortable for him to put on a shirt.
Purchased for my babies dry skin and patches of eczema. It really helps heal her dry skin. I also use it on her skin were diapers rub up against and can cause irritating red lines. This really prevents friction and the red lines from her diapers. Just remember if you leave it out on a warm day that it melts. I didn't realize how warm our house had gotten and opened it spilling half the container. Great product. I just ordered more for my baby and will continue to use it!
great buy! great value!
It is quality product made with high class stainless steel. I used it couple of times and every one in the family having their separate one. It cleans nicely and it is very easy to clean.
It gives off a nice refreshing scent and goes on smoothly without leaving an oily or sticky feeling afterward. I noticed some changes after a few days of vigorous application. My skin has definitely gotten much softer and smoother. No new pimple has popped up as well. The light acne scars on my face have completely faded. So far, I'm getting really great results from this.
Just what I wanted. Great for the microwave.
I'm trying to get my eyebrows to fill in after years of over tweezing. This product is easy to use, using the brush applicator in the lid. Just once a day at bedtime, I paint it on my eyebrows. I have very sensitive skin, and this serum doesn't irritate my skin. I'm looking forward to this product giving me my eyebrows back.
Excellent power and smaller size. I'll never get another large one again.
I love Bali soap. It is long lasting and smells wonderful
If you can see them and have hand eye coordination and used to working out of a reverse image mirror, There will be no problem using these scissors.
This stuff works amazing on my hair. I have "some" gray and that's fine and was looking for something to comb through the sides where my grey is really bad. My hair grows fast and I've used this 3 times now (about every month/half for my hair on the sides and other areas using the included comb. By the time I'm done combing, it's ready and died perfectly... Fast and easy.
I have very large bags under my eyes my rapid reduction eye cream gets rid of them very quickly. I've also noticed that the skin under my eyes is a lot softer.
Love it! Fits my hair, keeps it dry and it looks super cute.
Already use, good product
Good quality brushes for the price. Much better than the cheapest ones available at drugstores. Highly recommend.
Sets the standard in beard care.
I bought this product as a means of trying to conquer eczema that randomly appeared on the back of my head at 37 years old. In any case or onset of something, I prefer to try the safest least harmful methods before diving into chemicals or medications. This shampoo worked for my itchy scalp. I have also noted my hair thickening and slowly rejuvenating in terms of health, shine, and luscious luster. Oh and this smells so fresh and so clean-clean. Pro Natural Thickened hair Decreased eczema exaggeration Fresh woodsy clean fragrance, not over powering Con Less lather than my personal preference I will say that when shampooing, I do not get a lot of lather. If I shampoo my hair twice the second shampoo does lather well.
I have natural curly and it help condition the curls
The quality is great and the design is pretty cool, I would recommend this brush to anyone
there some parts you can save this little nippers better.
Great coverage for fair skin. Good price. Fast shipping.
I purchased this because I left my charger while traveling and this one is wireless so I want to have a try. It came with a nice packaging and gets the job done. Great to have a spare one! Reasonable price
Can't wait to wear these! I received them yesterday and they fit great, not too tight. Saw someone wearing one with with a slick high pony and ordered, right away!
I have very hard water where I live. I use this once or twice a week and it really helps remove the build up on my hair. I'll definitely keep using this.
It makes both my face and nose happy
would totally recommend this product
I got it in the mail yesterday. It works well with the smaller eyeshadow brushes so far. When working with larger and heavier kabuki brushes like a large foundation brush, you would need a little more patience. The concept is wonderful, and it would work much better if it could swirl a bit stronger.
i absolutely love this mirror. it shows the light very well. and i love how i have many different mirrors. better to apply makeup or to deep cleanse your face. and it reminds me of the old movies with their vanity mirrors. what is a huge plus to me. i feel famous now lol only in my own little corner hahaha. but it comes with other things as well but i havent used them yet. my sister wants one so gonna have to buy her one for her birthday. she is a make up person me i just do little amount but i try to keep my face clen and this works way better then my bathroom mirror. plus i can make sure i get every spot. i love it alot!
These bows are just the right size for my one year old. The teeth also hold it in her fine hair well.
Wears very well...stays on. Colors are great and as dark as they should be
I love the soft, subtle Shimmer and healthy appearance my skin had on a special event where I was completely Exposed on my arms. Smells great and the Shimmer and softness last well over 24 hours
I have had several different Body Brush's but I really like this one. It has a long handle which allows me to reach every part of my back. Really good.
As a single mom. I didn't know a lot about all this kind of tools and machinery. I had no idea which product specifications the machine should have.I had no idea which product specifications the machine should have. I bought this based on price and the comments.After doing some research, I found this product with amazing ratings and only for the fraction of the price of similar product. Delivery was as promised and the product is as described. Very good price-quality,clear manual and easy to use.
This makeup mirror is great. I love the perfect light and the design, super clear for makeup, worth more than the price, and it easily hangs on my bathroom wall mirror. This is definitely the best choices if you're looking for a compact magnifying mirror.
Great hair dryer. We had our last one for years.
EXCELLENT PRODUCT...
Smells great. Love this product I use it every night in my diffuser to go to sleep. I used to have trouble falling asleep at night but with this I never have a problem. Would buy again.
Great container. Bug enough for full dentures and a draining insert for cleaning. Solid. Came quickly too.
"It's such a quick and easy step every morning to clean my face and get me started for the day. It makes my skin feel so clean and smooth and has really helped clear my acne."
I love this used the day after I got it with my daughter for a little pampering we enjoyed it used it on my feet and hands made them both so soft it even came with gloves and some plastic to keep it in
Love this shampoo. 2nd time buying.
I like this bag. Good quality, nice color. Looks the same as on the pic. We didn't travel a lot but sometimes it happens :) it has a lot of packets, what is great. I like it.
I love this face wash. Makes my face feel clean and refreshed. It's hard to find sometimes but will use it again
BUY BUY BUY. Its sensational on the scalp~
Got this as a gift for an avid lipstick-wearer and she loves it. Great deal and surprising quality.
Sponges work great. Use less makeup but get more coverage. No streaking.
Best skin and face care products on the market, with everything thought out, and put together for you. This stuff leaves your skin feeling like a baby's ass. Top shelf. I happen to have some seriously sensitive skin, and I am able to exfoliate with the face scrub, three or so days a week without any issue.
I like it so far. I have alopecia so I'm trying different things. I have no complaints.
Have used this product for over 20 years...It does what it says, relieves pain.
Works great! Still exfoliating well after 2.5 months.
I bought this for my dad as a Christmas present and although I was a little skeptical on what I was going to receive in the mail, I was more than happy to see the faux leather bag with all items as advertised neatly packaged. And he really loved the present
My cousin told me of this product and how good it was had to buy one.
These blades came out of the package sharp. I did add some honing oil and ran for a couple minutes to break in. I used for the first time to shave this morning and shaved my entire head. It was nice and smooth and very close to a blade shave. I am happy with the purchase.
My husbands long beard is always a scraggly mess. He had been wanting a straightening comb for a while. I broke down and got him one and he loves it. It makes him go from scraggly to straight and nice looking in minutes. He likes that it is easy to use and quick.
I love this shampoo and i have long thick wavy hair. However, the conditioner sucks!!
Frankly, the Waterpik toothbrush is the best I've ever used. I had the Sonicare Diamond Head Clean and this Waterpik puts that brush to shame!
I have been doing aroma therapy for 2 decades and this is an incredible quality essential oil. I really enjoy the way this lemon oil invigorated me. Great for apothecary and diffusers, even just smelling the bottle cheers me up.
So far so good, I have been using it for 3 weeks and been working well.
This deodorant is awesome. I got it mainly to try reducing plastic waste. I got the unscented. I had been using Native, which I'd initially loved, but the grittiness was getting to me, and I truly hate plastic deodorant packaging. I don't get a lot of odor but this keeps me dry-even in 95 degree temperatures, and no odor. It goes on smoothly, like rubbing a soft pastel under my arms. I just remember b it in a bit and done. No grit. I use the paper as a holder. The only flaw is that it comes from abroad, so that's not good carbon footprint wise.
I love this product! It has a mid, pleasant odor and leaves the skin feeling moisturized and smooth. I am very pleased with my purchase! I will purchase this product again.
Love all Mineral fusion products! This one is one of my favorites
Great price! They work really well! They are very adhesive!! Like super sticky but they work amazing! can tell a difference after one use!
I️ like this lipstick a lot
This product is one of the few things that I could see a difference in my acne with. It definitely helped with texture and smoothing out my skin along with evening out my skin tone from hyperpigmentation. It did not completely change my skin but it definitely helped a lot. A little also goes a long way so it is well worth it!
Makes your scalp and hair feel healthy and clean!
Cat ears were for a daughters friend - she loved them and they have held up well.
We have so much more space now.
I've just started using your oil and at first, the smell was a little strong but after a couple days, my nose got used to the smell. It is amazing how an oil doesn't clog your skin like other oils and plan to use it from now on. If you have any promotions, please let me know? Thank you!
Product was very nice. My G'daughter was very happy to get them!
Just received this yesterday and first time using this morning. I love it! I can really tell the difference in less frizz than my old cheap Revlon that finally bit the dust. It dried my hair quickly as well. If you want a decent dryer for a fair price, you cant go wrong with this one!
Great for keeping my essential oils in order in my dresser drawer.
I am trying to do gel nails myself instead of spending hundreds at nail salon so this is where I'll start with a purchase of this UV light. I like the fact that it's light and still big enough for “bigger” hands or both hands at once. Automatic sensor on once it detects your hand inside. The bottom is detachable for toes.
I will continue to make purchase for the shampoo and conditioner.
The Amaze Balm is an incredible facial product that measurably improved my facial skin. I've used many products over the years and this is my favorite do date. It is silky smooth and make-up goes over it perfectly. I use it morning and night and have seen improved results to my skin's moisture and texture.
Really makes your hair shine!! & manageable!!
Mirror is used to apply makeup. The magnification is tremendous. Well worth the money I paid for it.
This set leaves my thick hair so soft and manageable! And it smells amazing.
This product works get. May want to add some instructions to package.
These are mine and my daughter favorite hair ties! They hold very well and do not hurt to take out.We are repeat buyers! If only we didn't lose them so easily hahahaha
Best eyeliner ever. Goes on easy and provides a soft, natural look.
Smells so good it pretty to look at
Love these! First time wearing fake lashes and it came with everything I needed. Received several compliments when I wore them.
This masque really softens my hair. I wash my hair, put on the masque rinse it after 5 minutes and the difference in my hair is night and day. Cant live without this!!
Purpose Soap is getting harder to fine in retail stores but it is always available on amazon.
They work great. The company has a great refund policy so you really can't lose. I'd recommend this product because it works and the company seems very customer friendly.
The best moisturizer for my face and neck. Also use it on hands and arms as a moisturizer and ski. Softener. I have been using this product for years and it is the reason I have minimal wrinkles for being 84 years old.
This was exactly what I was looking for. It removes all dead skin and leaves your feet feeling smooth and soft. I love it!!
I've saw a few of these that are $50 this one does the same thing. I have always had trouble with blackheads on my nose these helped deep clean and remove them. I was skeptical but it actually works great!!
This ice Mylar is sooooo cute encapsulated with nails, i love it love it love it comes in so many colors and looks great with jelly nails or even a clear encapsulated nail
Wife likes it that's all that counts
Purchased this for my husband who need a mouth guard at night, he said this is just as good as the one he had made at the dentist which was expensive to have made. I will buy this again for him.
Great quality, thoughtful note included from maker. This is an excellent product
Good lamp, cures fast and perfectly. Bought as a gift, very satisfied!
I like it. I use it for the gym and travel. Small enough to fit a small duffel bag. Big enough to fit regular size bottle of shampoo and conditioner with plenty of room to spare.
The brushes have good quality. They are soft, strong and easy to clean. It is good to have a lot of different brushes. As a beginner, I'm very happy with my purchase (I know they are all useful, I just need to learn how to use them all).
Smells crisp, I love it and lasted quite a long time. It's been a few months and I use it in multiple areas every day. Will buy again!
Absolutely perfect! I am organizing my beauty room and bought this after reading a number of reviews, I'm extremely happy I did. It fits all of my taller lipglosses with no issue.
I actually love these clippers, They cut really well battery life is excellent they're not bulky so to me that perfect, thanks Renpho
This type of brush is the only kind that easily detangled my hair without pain. It also is much faster to use. The small brush is very convenient for travel. The handle is a bit awkward to hold but still good. The bristles won't last forever but they aren't falling off. Would buy again.
Did what it was supposed to
works well as nose hair trimmer and I like not having to put batteries in it
These are a great deal. We used them to wear to the aquarium and everyone loved them! They have push button on and 3 different light modes, easy to operate even for the kids. The paper flowers are vibrant and the colored LEDs stand out in a crowd.
Why I didn't try this sooner is beyond me! Great to quick clean my brushes between colors!
PUT IT ON AND WAS AMAZED TO SEE IT SOAK INTO THE NAIL,,,,,,,,,,
It was recommended by my dentist! It seems working but the test is not so great!
Worked for my son when nothing else did
Love this product. Will never buy anything but this. I used to break out all the time under my arms. This product has eliminated that problem! Smooth at last!
I Love This Diffuser! I have had my first one about 6 months and it has not skipped a beat! It is a great product for the price and the size is perfect. The changing lights are cool and pretty. I gave them as gifts,and everyone loves them! Just bought more for every room in the house. I would highly recommend this diffuser to anyone.
LOVE this color! It's perfect. When I got it, it did look way too light, but after applying it - it's perfect. Looks even prettier in person. The two fingers with the lighter color in the picture are after dusting off the excess powder - the index finger (darker blue) is after applying seal protect - it's just perfect and is the final shade. It has lighter occasional flecks that make it resemble stars - it's beautiful. Definitely recommend!
This comb is the best comb I have ever had! The scent is great and it is sturdy...cuts down on static electricity in hair too.
I absolutely love this to use on my clients ! MMA free !!
I went to one of our local dental clinics last month and was suggested to spend around 2 hundred dollars to get my teeth molded through them for a mouth guard, but I said Thanks! NO! it is not affordable for me! Surprisingly I found this Phoebe mouth guard for my grinding teeth, which can save me a lot of money, and to be honest I did not have high expectation in the beginning but the price is so good for me then I decided to have a try, and never thought it could work so well to stop the damage from teeth fringing! Here are some tips of what I have done as below: 1. Drop the mouth guard into the hot water. (one piece at a time), and just lightly hot warm water. 2. Use a wooden spoon to scoop the guard in the hot water and shake off all hot water. 3. Grab the guard and place it on the row of teeth you are molding. Use the indention in the center of the guard to line it up with the center of your row of teeth. 4. Once it is in your mouth, close your mouth and begin to suck in--almost as if there is food stuck on your teeth that you're trying to remove without a toothpick. Also, while you're doing that, press down your lips towards your teeth to give it an extra help to mold to the front of your teeth. Use your tongue to get inside in place. 5. Keep the guard in your mouth until you feel it firm up. It'll probably take a minute or so to set. In addition, there are 3 packs with optional sizes to choose from, it was slightly tricky to get it to perfectly set comfortably on my teeth. But that is fine--if you don't get it the first time you can always try to reset it by dunking the pieces back into the hot water. By the 2nd (or 3rd) it should be pretty easy to get it exactly the way you want to be.
I'm happy that I bought the mirror. It's beautiful and well made.
It's my mom's favorite
Hair has minimal shedding, very soft for a synthetic hair no tangle so far, looks like human hair, this was a great buy, definitely buying from this company again 👍
Beard oil is perfect for my boyfriend. It's gentle and it really helped soften up his beard and keep in under control.
I love using this amazing soap! I am autoimmune and have trouble detoxing, this has been the best soap for me. This really moisturizer my dry patchy skin and does not inflame or irritate at all. I have also used it shaving a few times, it worked well. It smells nice, and the bottle is easy to use and travel with.
I always use this brand I've tried others but this is the best! Last longer with a better clean.
I wish it was bigger. It works well but this size is only good for 1 time use
I am using these to scrub my teeth with charcoal powder, especially on yellow areas. It is useful for this purpose.
Awesome value! The product easily was able to get the job done. Highly recommend.
Usually my face gets very dry-not this summer. Stuff works great.
Very nice practice hand. Took a little while to receive but I am impressed with the quality.
My Locs are below my waist and I could never find one that would fit.......until now!!
Hair was everything! Even after a good wash and conditioning. Very light shedding I will be ordering again! 😍😍
My daughter was super self conscious of dandruff. I did a lot of research and found this tool. She has used it for a few months and dandruff is gone! It went away within the first week of using this! She is so thrilled and so am I!
I love this product however I have never bought it online just at my local pharmacy
Developed sensitive skin in my 30's. Found this as a solution and don't know why I wasn't using it my whole life.
Bought this for my girls and myself, and it works very well on our 3B, 3C curls. Really curls nicely with less frizz. I do wish they would put an inner seal on the jars though- it leaks out during shipping. Thank goodness for the plastic bag it was enclosed in.
These are SO colorful and no matter how many I lose.. theres always more!
Good quality tea tree oil, very strong smell. I have very bad rosacea and acne but after using it for a few weeks, my skin shown improvement. No new breakout and the old ones are fading away.
This little diffuser charges with a USB cable and last about 4-5 hours on a full charge. I use it at my workstation and get many compliments on the scents I diffuse and the look of this little gadget. It is a great little diffuser!
QUICK SHIPPING! LOVE THE PRODUCT
Bought this recently along with 150 ml one and love it! Use this one for our kitchen/dining room area and the 150 ml for our bedroom. Lasts for hours, love the changing lighting, very relaxing.
Love !!been using this almost a year under my argan oil.. lines have softened and skin texture is improved !!
I really like this back and body scrubber much better than my loofah sponge. It has 2 different side textures to exfoliates my skin making it soft and soapy while massaging and vibrating it at the same time. A few different settings which last for days of showering. Quick charging also. Long nice handle to reach the hard places with a hole to hang it so that it can dry easily. I am very pleased with my purchase.
Love it got to try products I wouldn't have tried glad I got it
Great hair dryer. I really like the color , the long cord and the hanging loop. It has several different attachments that gives you a variety of drying options. I was happily surprised when I got an email asking if I had any questions and about an on line tutorial. It makes your hair feel great from the infusion thru the ceramic dryer. Also loved how light weight it was and the safety plug.
its amazing.i like this product very much.
I received exactly what I was expecting. Sturdy, colorful and just what I needed!
I have been using this for over a month now, and it has been a great new body moisturizer for me. It is without much of a fragrance, and really has helped clean my skin clear and not irritated. Is not greasy or heavy, but still leaves my skin feeling soft and hydrated. I've struggled with lotions feeling too heavy, or worrying they are further irritating my skin. This alleviates that.
These things are great compared to the cheaper plastic stands. Great product, great price, and great supplier. Can't beat it.
The boar bristle brush is so well made. The quality exceeded my expectations. The comb, travel bag and head band were a perfect touch. Thank you !
Was really surprised at how nice this worked
These are very nice.
I cannot believe how soft these brushes are! I've bought generic brushes before and thought they're stiff but not this one. The bristles are soft, some are compact for smoother application and they're perfect even for on-the-go lifestyle because it's not tall and bulky. Definitely super happy with this purchase!
I have used this product a few times. I love the fullness I get and I love the different looks I can get
This razor works great. It is way better than the one I was using. Very easy to use and clean.
I watched YouTube videos, learning how to use for it and myself. Just put it on the skin tag. no need to poke into your skin. It is a little painful, but it is not that bad. I'm so glad works really good.
Great color for my gray/white hair. Soft and easy to manipulate. Glad I found them.
This is the best hairdryer I've ever owned . I used it awhile before placing my review so I'd know for sure how good it is . I Love how much more quicker it is then my old dryer . Also, having 3 heat settings and low, medium and high settings is fantastic ! It's like what you would get with a more expensive hairdryer. I've always wanted a medium setting and on warm . Most of the cheaper ones only have hot and cool . Also the cheaper ones only have high and low on the air flow . Plus the comb attachment is thicker and a better quality. The thing I really like is the thick round Cord on the dryer. It's not like the standard flat electric cord on most appliances, very good quality . You can't go wrong with this dryer !
love love this, smells good and makes lips super soft.
been using this night cream and it has helped with some discoloration i had
Love it. I ordered 3 bundles and had hair left over. No shedding,weightless, and thick bundles.
Great nail gardener, totally works just wait a a few weeks and you will see amazing nails!
I like that it cleanses without stripping the natural oils.
Great for the price. I mean it's real Shea butter. I use it with other butters and oils for my skin and hair. I absolutely love Shea Butter.
I love the way it smells,and I always get complement when I wear my Odysseus cologne, it stays with me all day
I use this for traveling, it straightens and brushes my hair very good. The heat is not to hot.
Works quickly to relieve sensitive teeth.
This is the product I have been searching for and the one I will never be without!! Smoothes flyaways, Detangles, softens and shines. Do yourself a favor and order.
Love it. Made my skin so soft
My favorite eyebrow pencil. I forgot to wash it off at night. When I woke up, I was shocked when I looked in the mirror. After the night, my eyebrows still look crisp and vivid. After trial and error, I got the perfect stroke.
I actually use this faithfully upon exiting the shower. Added moisture with light scent, however, you must wait before getting dressed as with any oil based product
It has a nice design, works very well for all ages, and we have used it for three nights since we've got it and haven't had to charge it yet.
I've been wanting to try essential oils, came across these at a really good price. I must say that I'm hooked. I'm just learning about the uses of each one, I will be ordering more soon.
I got these for my sister because she is a Harry Potter nerd lol. She loved them!! I dont know that I would actually use these to apply makeup the brushes seemed a little to soft and flimsy but great to just decorate with!!
Purchased as a Christmas Gift and was so happy that it was well received by my spouse. he loves it and it gives him a very close shave for an electric razor. Looking forward to his nice smooth skin. Thanks
I have really thin hair and these work. This is my favorite style of clip.
This is a wonderful body brush....very good quality, thank you so much! :)
I have just recently started using these batteries and so far they are working great
The order arrived very quickly. It was well packaged and in good condition. I have just started just started using this lotion, so I cannot tell you how I like it.
Light clean smell, I like the foam, gentle for my sensitive skin and leaves my face feeling very clean and refreshed every time I use it.
Fast delivery, great quality, as described!!!!
This set is good quality. It's also very labor-saving. this price is worth buying, will not regret it!
This is a very nice set of manicure pedicure nail clippers, with other small tools. Easy to carry, came in a cool looking black leather looking (it might be PU) case.
It is great! It doesn't dry up my hair like other dyes and the color looks very natural.
I love retractable cord and is nice not having a long cord in the way. Works great.
I'm pleasantly surprised. I've purchased similar items which either left my skin irritated or hurt - neither of which happened here. Instead it left my skin soft. My last one also didn't trim to the surface and leave little hairs impossible to pluck or wax but also not the case with this guy. The fact that it's compact is an added bonus, it looks like a tube of lipstick in my purse and very lightweight!
I got these for my husband and they are sharp and it's nice that they come with a carrying case. I wish these Clippers had the gunk under nail remover tool however
I really like it and I haven't even charged the battery and its been more than 3 weeks.
I live in humid climate and find my sponges can mold easily, so I got tired of throwing away expensive blenders. I got these and have been really pleased - they are thick and work well. I haven't had an issues yet with them wrinkling, molding, or tearing, but honestly if they ever do, I can toss them without guilt because the price was great! The holder and very nice as well!
This power is pretty on and doesn't change color. I think the sunscreen in the powder works well. I will reorder for sure.
I've had this on for 3 days now and its held up wonderfully. I work a very physical job and my hands/nails get beat up. So far I have no chips or dull spots. I just switched from salon acrylics to gels and this base and top coat set is much more user friendly than my other one. They don't have that sticky kind of feeling that a lot of gels do. Its completely smooth. It feels like a normal top coat. I love it.
Felt good on my face.
Worked great, very noticeable difference on the first use. High quality and great packaging.
doesn't last long, finishes up fast ....after all good color and easy to apply plus the pricing is not bad but i don't think i'll be buying it again
You can tell a quality appliance by the cord. This one has a super thick cord. It heats up really fast and works great. I am very happy with this purchase.
This is great easy to use for an EVEN tan
I received the Josie Maran Body Butter as a gift. I like it so much that when I finished the product, I decided to order one. The cream makes the skin feels so smooth and soft. I'm a senior citizen so imagine what it will do for a younger person. If your skin is dry and feels rough definitely get this product.
Love that this product is natural, and I love the smell. I have very sensitive skin and am very picky with what I use on my skin. With this product my skin does not feel tight or painful, it feels hydrated and nourished.
I used the eyelash more than the eyebrow and it has worked very nice for me so far. Use both in the morning (when I know will not use mascara), and at night.
I'm mixed and have multiple curl types and it held curls perfectly with miss Jessie's leave in conditioner Defined and soft. Held for couple days Scent isn't harsh and didn't feel gross on my face.
I've been using this product for a few years , and never had an issue, it works great with their razors. The scent is just right and lubes the beard just right so the blades razors slides without any issues. And the best part about the container it doesn't leave a rust ring on the showers tile
Smells amazing and had a good quality amount
Can't get by without it
This is an outstanding acne wash that has cleared my butt acne quickly with no irritation.
I like this product because I can adjust the lighting on bulb. The switch makes it easy to set this. Its very quick to melt your wax and gives off scents quick! Would recommend for a small space though.
As expected, well packaged good delivery time.
Wow! I have only been using this for a few days and can already see my dark circles becoming lighter! DEFINITELY recommend! The bags under my eyes seem less puffy and the cream blends well and is not greasy.
I like this ,this is the best purchase I have brought from amazon .It is easier than a traditional straight irons can fit this in my purse to tackle the frizz in more humid days .I would definitely recommend.
Smells very nice! I was looking for product that had a firm hold and did not flake. I love that this product is water based because it does not flake!! I will be purchasing this again! A small amount goes a long way. Directions are on the label. Easy to apply to hair.
Great for mixing LipSense colors together!
Well made. Nice alternative to plastic. Pleasant scent in our opinion. Very pretty. Anti-static seems to be true. Noticeable difference. Only negative is that it may be hard to sculpt precise hairstyles due to its thickness and the teeth being closer together.
Works great! I have two other similar products and this is by far the most powerful. Especially for the price! Shipping was quick and easy without issue.
I was skeptical. Seriously skeptical. But 2-3 times daily application and I definitely saw smoother, more firm skin on my legs and stomach! I will purchase again.
love! makes my skin so clear and feels very clean but not tight
Was what I ordered and expected
I love the scent, i sprayed it on me and went to the gym, came bk nd took a shower.. guess what! The scent was still there.. Im so happy with my purchase.
Leaves my skin +hair really smooth
Love this soap. They stopped selling it here in Oregon. Glad I found it on Amazon
I am absolutely in love with this product! I have very dark, thick hair and my natural skin tone is pretty fair so I am a good candidate for this device. You have to be consistent with this device for it to work because your hair grows in cycles. I was very skeptical of using Flawless but decided to give it a try and could not believe how "flawless" my skin looked afterwards!! Even the next day my skin was feeling smooth. It doesn't hurt at all and literally only takes a minute. I have even gotten compliments on my skin! I can not say enough good things about this product. It has given me so much confidence
Durable and good quality work
This wig is so good!! It matches my hair color pretty well so I left the front of my own hairline out. Sheds a little but overall I really like it.
Works great. Fantastic quality.
Nice colors and good quality. I haven't tried them though, because I bought these for gifts, so I don't know if they work well. So far, so good.
Good product and size was great for price.
Exactly what I ordered
This wig is awesome! I've been receiving so many compliments about it. I will definitely purchase again.
Needed some extra brushes for eye makeup and this was just perfect!
My friend introduced me to this product and I must say I'm in love!!! It arrived very quickly and I was able to use it very easily. I also love the massagers in the bottom.
I actually purchased this wig because the price was right and I wanted to see what I looked like with ombré hair. It is comfortable and came with a bonus wig cap to flatten out my natural hair. I love the look! My neighbor asked to borrow it for Halloween (she has super short grey hair). She tried it on and looked 10 years younger. It's definitely a fun piece to own.
I got my wife this set 1 1/2 yrs ago. She just asked for a refill. She loved them and they LASTED FOREVER!!!
Nice product, much handy to style your own hair. My husband liked it.
I was basically looking for an organic hair product to keep my hair style and found this. After a few months of use, I will probably order it again. The smell could be improved but if you apply just a small quantity can be barely noticed.
Needed replacement heads for my waterpik. could not find them in the store. Ordered and delivered. Simple and easy
Finally a product that doesnt leave my hair too oily! Love it.
I love these pony tales I have one in blue and the pink and purple. They are pretty and are thick great deal
Please like my review This product is a real game-changer. Bought this for my mother-in-law and she loves it a lot. There is a notable difference in her teeth in just a week. She used every other day for a week. At first, she felt them thicker and has trouble leave it for 30min but after two applications she is good with them. Use them for at least a week to see the result. I suggest not to talk while having them in your mouth, The hydrogen peroxide may slip into the mouth which is not good. Other than that there is no other concern. The best product in the market for the whitening teeth seekers at affordable prices.
Great all-in-one bendable product! Gave fresh and dewy look for my cheeks and lips. It comes in one, convenient, low profile compact that makes touch-ups easy! A definite must buy for you beauty on the go kit!
I have to be careful using cosmetics and so glad I found these Mood Lipstick. They stay on for a long time and keeps my lip hydrated. Also, like the various color can be over laid to have a different shade/color of pink. The **come out** color is in the pink family.
They are everything I hoped for: lush, moisturizing, smell amazing and the box is to die for. Will buy again for myself and for gifts!
My husband actually uses this as a barrier between his head and his CPAP mask strap. It absorbs the oils from his bald head which keeps his mask straps much clearer and it is much easier to wash the du-rag every couple nights than the mask straps! Time saver and cleaner alternative than wearing g a CPAP mask directly on the skin surface!
Very light, yet effective!
At first wen seen the item I thought it wasn't goin look right after I install it I love it but wen spray it it stay curl for a lil while then it draws up but I love the wig n I be ordering again thanks
Love this product! I have been searching for months for a product to cover my tattoos for a wedding and this is the best one yet! And the cheapest! Highly recommend.
This is great lip gloss. It last for hours and isn't sticky like most lip gloss. I would highly recommend.
Great product, my daughter loves them all
I'm really happy with my purchase. The curls are beautiful!
I saw this reviewed on Instagram and decided to give it a try. I love makeup so much but have a hard time applying it. Not everyone's a makeup artist lol. I'm glad I decided to buy it because it works so well that I don't have to be embarrassed shopping at Sephora anymore 😅 The girls that work there have skills when it comes to putting on makeup.
I love this hair it doesn't tangle easily and I've gotten a lot of compliments on it
They are just as they look in the picture. I personally love them and as a beginner I have not had trouble applying these at all.
Bought it as a birthday gift for my husband to replace his old one . He was hesitate before but now he loves it and use it everyday.My husband told me that compared to his old razor , this one is amazing and this one is the best razor so far! I'm sooo happy that he loves it.
I appreciate the quality and ingredients of this product.
If you use hair products such as clay's then this is a must. I use it once every two weeks instead of the recommended once every week and it really does do a great job at cleaning out all the gunk that is left over that normal shampoo's do not remove. It a must have for any avid hair stylist to keep your hair from becoming to heavy and not getting the volume you're looking for.
Just received this and it looks very nice. It is priced better than comparable product. Hope it continues to work as it appears it will.
I love how easy this hair dryer is to use. I have fine, thin hair & its my go to tool now. I use it everyday!
I like that no one says anything about my dark eyes or bags anymore.
Love this fragrance for the past 40+ years, now very hard to find...this is my 2nd reorder and Ill always come back here for perfect transaction, fast delivery and great price.♥
At first I was a bit worried at the description of "cigar" scent, but was very relieved when I got it. The smell is more like a spicy vanilla, and doesn't smell like a musty old cigar. The hold is mild, but great to keep fly-aways from popping out of my beard.
I love it! The mask doesn't really work but the tools do!
What I expected haven't used yet
Fits all my make up and easy to close up and put away!
This lotion works wonders in the winter. I am not a huge fan of the smell, but I just add some oils to it.
Ordered many of these. Perfect for gifts to my buyers. Will keep ordering.
To anyone saying this is just alcohol, it's definitely not!! When you open it, it smells like nail polish, so there is definitely more than alcohol in this product. It's definitely worth it. I had a ton of lifting with Mia Secret until I got this. This is absolutely vital if you want your nails to last!
IT YOU ALREADY HAVE MOUTH PIECES YOU LIKE OR NEED NEW ONES THIS IS JUST AS GOOD AS THE EXPENSIVE STUFF. IT REALLY WORKS.
Great brush, great price.
love this stuff - feels nice and smells great
This is no e light weight serum a use twice daily. Retinol is best for reducing wrinkles.
It looks funny. I bought it just for cleaning my laptop keyboard and screen. The badger hair is not too hard, and not too soft, is perfect for cleaning slot between to keys. The size is ok to hold it. nice brush.
Amazing. Love the way it smells, and my hair is so soft and smooth after I use it.
Bought these for my 19yr old daughter for Christmas. She loves them! Super soft and very nicely made. Professional quality
My super picky curly hair loves this leave in. Very moisturizing but not heavy.
A great substitute for Grecian Formula. Considerably less expensive, more liquid in each bottle, and as easy (and effective) to use as the "old" Grecian Formula. I am definitely "hooked". Have been using it for the past month and the results are exactly what I found years ago with Grecian Formula. It is a great product.
I have bought several products from this brand because I really like their stuff. But this one is a real winner in my book. My husband is a firm believer in old-style shaving with a regular old safety blade razor (like my dad and grandfather used to do!). He has a brush and shaving soap dish as well. I LOVE the smell and so did he! He says a little definitely goes a long way (and he has very thick whisker growth), it lathers up very well and leaves his face feeling very smooth and soft afterwards. Giant thumbs up for this! When he runs out, I may buy the gift set they offer just so he has a new brush and dish.
Hold a lot of product, don't leak, creates a vacuum so the bottle gets smaller as you use the product...only feed back: the bottles are sleek and modern looking and the small tubs look like my granny's cold cream tubs....sleek those up a bit. One of them is purple 🥴
I recently ordered this retainer to help with my grinding. It shipped quick and worked like a charm. Unfortunately my dog got to it but customer service responded immediately and now I have a new retainer coming soon. If you have issues with grinding, this retainer is definitely worth trying out and the customer service could not get better!
These are great men's products, highly recommend. Nice scent and very reasonable price. Luxurious rich lather.
Great price fits well
I bought this for my husband because he's started grinding his teeth. Since buying this, he hasn't woken me up once with his teeth grinding. He says this mouth guard is very comfortable and easy to use!
This is the most unique diffuser I have ever seen. The colors are very brilliant and overall it is calming and energizing at the same time. The diffuser is very easy to operate and has an impressive output. The larger glass pieces have a mirror effect which makes the diffuser beautiful even when it is turned off.
They look just like the product photos and I absolutely love them. They're really cute and they're now my travel toothbrushes because they stand up. The bristles are sturdy and a good hardness for toothbrushing. My teeth feel clean after using them, but my gums aren't damaged from overly hard bristles. I imagine they'd be great for little kids: to convince them that it's fun to brush one's teeth!
Great product! Bought it for my mom and she loves it!!! It looks awesome and feels good... she uses it every day, helped her with nasal lines, eleven's and crow's feet even!!!
It's close to my color and doesn't look caked on.
I ordered before a trip where I wasn't planning to check my bag. These bottles are AWESOME! They definitely surpassed my expectations They are the perfect size and the quality is so much better thank I was expecting. I had so issues with security and no leaks. Win. Recommend these to any traveler!
Very cute, bright, sparkling and hold very well. Everybody compliments me on them. You can wear them in some many different ways! I'm very happy with this purchase! Strongly recommend!
It does exactly what it is supposed to do. It cleans the skin in a more excellent way than I ever could with my hands and rubbing alone. I have always had certain areas of my face that is subject to break outs.
I come from a long line of Yetis, and I must say this is the first shaving device that took care of my sweater. Buy, use it, love it.
I drink at least 4 cups of coffee daily, plus some energy drinks every now and then. With this supplement I noticed that I almost quit any coffee, since it has caffeine along with the keto exogenous ketones. Overall it's a great fit for my low carb keto diet. I can definitely feel how it works.
Price seemed a bit high... Nice product, thanks.
I've been looking for a product that would give my hair body and this is it! At 55, I started noticing my hair thinning. I know it is age and hormones, but this shampoo has really helped with the hair loss. I'm wondering if part of the hair loss was the shampoo chemicals I was using before. Whatever the reason this works, I don't know, but it does! And the body it gives my hair is incredible. I love it!
My daughter likes its and easy to use
Absolutely beautiful!
This is my favorite shampoo. It keeps my curly strands from shedding and breakage. My local Walgreens, was out of stock of this shampoo. I was lucky to find it, for an cheap price. I will be buying it again, when I ruin out. Or if my local Walgreens doesn't have it anymore.
I go through chapstick regularly, so this multipack is perfect.
I love how the brightness is able to be adjusted just by simply turning the knob. I also love the height that the mirror sits. it's a wonderful mirror for the price
Eyeshadow doesn't get much prettier than this! It's noticable but not over the top. Beautiful color and sparkles..
I already got 2 of them. It's a great product. Easy to use and carry. I bring this to gym with me instead of dryer and straightener. It dry my hair faster than regular hair dryer. I have a pretty thick hair. it save me a lot of time and my hair look nice with volume not too flat like using straightener. Must have !! Love it so far!!
Came early son loves this
Works very well. Great to have in your bag just in case
My daughter and I use these every time we feel a pimple coming!! Fast easy and they work amazingly!! Thank you !!
I hardly ever leave reviews but I've been using this product for almost a month and my skin has improved TREMENDOUSLY! My pores have shrunk, my skin is glowing and my hyperpigmentation/old acne marks have improved. I've never been one to leave the house without foundation and I'm still a little self conscious about that but lately, I've found myself heading out the house without wearing any and feeling great!! I started using it only once a day, but now I use it both day and night and that's when i started seeing the real changes. It's a must try !
Long lightweight lashes. Will definitely be ordering more
Works well. Very glad I bought it.
I couldn't figure out what brush set to get and as a novice user was lost. I was shopping at my local department store when I saw this 'BH Dot' Collection. The bristles were soft and the brushes felt durable and not cheap. I decided to cheap them out on Amazon and bought this set direct from BH Cosmetics. Arrived fast and loved the quality! I washed the brushes and have had no problems and NO.LOOSE.HAIRS! So good!
Well, my wife loves it, so that's all I need to say!
This is a really nice product. The hair has a nice shine, and the curls are very even and natural looking. The only thing you should know is that the back is not super long if that matters to you for the Jesus look. The beard attaches to your ears comfortably. I have a rather large head and this still fits me comfortably.
This is the perfect sleek little hair remover! Small enough to fit in any pocket, clutch, purse! I love this little thing. If I notice any thing I can make a quick trip to the bathroom and use this!
Shipped on time. Don't like this die to much, it works great, don't care for the design much.
these eyelashes are actually pretty decent if you are looking for a more natural look. they are very lightweight and flexible for easy application, not thick at all.
Absolutely, lovely love this product will recommend this to others
I started getting rosacea this year and this is the only product that covers it well.
This set was much better than I thought it would be. I even thought about saving the original box the set came in it was so pretty. Very nice product and they didn't skimp on anything. Highly recommend product this for you hand soap fans.
Very professional hair style with this brush.
i bought this machine as a present to my wife, she always wanted to see her self with smooth hair. this thing did the trick! easy to use with great results. she loved it.
This thing is just as good as the high dollar ones! It doesn't snag in your hair and your hair is super soft when you're done. Dries hair quickly and cuts down in time since you won't need to straighten it after!
i love so much, my hair is very Curley, when u use very good, I am very satisfied, this hair straightening, product also is very easy to use
Daughter loves it. Smells so good.
This brush is the perfect brush for our curly haired toddler. My 3 year old has very long hair for her age and it gets tangled very easily. She had started to cry when we needed to brush her hair after bath time because her baby comb would snag on her curls and hurt. This multi pack is perfect cause now I have one for the diaper bag. It's small enough to stick in our swim bag without having to haul our whole restroom with us. The brush gently moves around my daughter's hair, and never pulls her head back (like my loving mother used to do to me!). No More Tears!!
My hair is dry from coloring it. I use this in it to add some moisture. I really like it.
Last time I got the raw chunk and that was a little hard to use because I had to break off pieces to use myself BUT THIS BUTTER RIGHT HERE!!!???!!! My boyfriend will not stop massaging and rubbing me because he says I feel like silk! Has no scent and just feel so smooth. I stopped using lotion 2 years ago and this is the best thing I have ever done to replace that!
These brushes get the job done so nicely. I'll probably order more.
This is the exact same UV nail lamp that the shop I go to uses. I like to change my polish, but I don't like how dull regular polishes look and how quickly they chip and wear off. This allows me to do my own gel and bake it on so that my nails look gorgeous until I decide to change my color. This saves me tons of money monthly.
I only got it for the nose hair trimmer and it does the job. Light maneuverable and a good battery life.
I really love the way it feels on the hair. It smells nice too.
This product is awesome, my wife and i like the variety of tools it comes with. It easily cleans and sanitize, the case is a nice bonus. The type of metal used is durable and a heavy gage. slowly getting to know what the other tools are used for but all in all, its a great set. We do not use if very often being in our 30's but it would be great for teenagers.
This is my favorite facial lotion and I wear it twice a day religiously.
really easy to use, doesn't take much at all to hold my mustache in place. one of the best things so far is the hold lasts all day, after a morning shower routine I use this and it is still holding by the time I go to bed each night without having to apply more. I went with the no scent extra firm hold version and the only type of scent I can remotely smell is a really light beeswax smell. I highly recommend this brand and will definitely be purchasing more.
Fits perfectly on my bureau and the lighting is great!
This product is a wonderful alternative to using heavy perfumes. I enjoyed the light floral scent all day.
cute, works great for cheese, butter and frosting cookies with the grandkids!!!
I've had a recent bad break out and couldn't find anything to help but this did wonders in about a week. My face had been really badly broken out I had large sores on each side of my face, my forehead, on my chin, my nose, by my ears just everywhere. I had people ask me if I had a skin infection because of how red and swollen they'd gotten as well, starting to get really really depressed about it when I decided to try this because it's for cystic acne and it's did wonders for me, my face is practically back to normal now and I'm really happy with my purchase.
I cannot live without this product! It keeps my mouth health in great shape. Nothing else compares!
This is one of my favorites from Shea Moisture. I use it after a henna treatment and it leaves my hair soft and shiny.
Love them, great for the price.
I have used many dry shampoos but most leave my hair feeling dirty even if it looks cleaner. This product takes away the oil and my hair feels clean.
So much fun! Smells amazing and there was a cute little green ninja inside similar to ninjago
I love this whole line of products. I do not like sweet smells (especially sweet food) so this is earthy and rich. Smells clean.
Really really love the sweet smell.
wife love this mirror. mounting was super easy .
Listen, I'm serious about my haircare products, and though I stick with a specific (salon quality) line for most of my hair needs, this product is my go-to for my once-a-week deep-conditioning treatment. LOVE the smell, and LOVE the results. The fact that this is an inexpensive product has no bearing whatsoever on its effectiveness. Wouldn't be without it!
I love it on my dry, curly hair. When I have dry spots, it smooths the frizz and detangles. I particularly like to apply before bed and let it soak in. It isn't greasy and doesn't transfer to pillow. I've used other coconut oils that make hair too oily, not the case here.
I just received these today. Very quickly I might add. I've tried 3 of them so far and I am VERY pleased. They all have very nice tints to them and they look very nice on. I was worried the darker ones would be too dark for me, but no. I love them. I am slowly purchasing products that aren't so toxic and have things in them that are not good for our bodies and now I can check off stuff for my lips! I'll definitely purchase more.
I've been looking at toe separators for a while and finally purchased these. They're comfortable and pretty easy to put on and work in many of the shoes that I have.
Applied product very well and was very soft.
I bought this to hang on the basement wall to hold ping pong paddles and balls. Exactly what we were looking for. Size is great, easy to install and it's sturdy.
Easy to use and you only need a few pumps to get the job done.
I bought this eyelash growth serum after having my eyelash extensions taken off. I needed a product to repair the damage that the extensions have done and I have vowed to grow my eyelashes the more natural way. So far I've seen improvement and look forward to seeing more results.
This was amazing! Even after just one wash my hair felt more smooth and soft, and it left a light scent that I absolutely loved. Seller was great, fast shipping with everything exactly as pictured and nicely packaged.
It is very gentlemanly to the skin, very smooth, easy to take care of, will not hurt or cut your skin, the box is very good. Carry your bag and cleaning brush with you. The shaver itself looks and feels very good. It is light, easy to use, quiet and easy to hold in your hand. It is sharp and fast, and it shaves well. You can even shave in the shower because it is completely waterproof.
My partner gets terrible ingrown toenails. We use these clippers, very successfully, to remove them. Easy to use and sturdy.
I am really happy with this light. It does exactly what it is meant to do and works just as well as the expensive ones the nail tech in my salon use.
I have been using this lotion for years. I buy the smaller version to use as gifts and to keep in the guest bathroom.
I really like this shampoo! I have fine, 3A curly hair and never heat style, but I did in the past and am trying to help my hair health with products like this one. I love that the shampoo is free of harsh sulfates but lathers so nicely. It feels like a normal shampoo - very luxurious and smooth. My hair is left moisturized out of the shower and smells lovely! My boyfriend likes it too. We use it with a SheaMoisture deep conditioner after, and I always work leave-in conditioner into my hair after showering. Another comment - I love this size. It will last awhile and the pump is convenient! It takes 1-2 pumps for my medium-length hair.
Comfortable to wear and sleep in. Seems to be starting to work
Great hair remover for the money
Wow! I'm so thoroughly impressed by these brushes! They are so soft and strong and they apply makeup beautifully. The bristles are not rough so they do not irritate the skin at all. They are the perfect amount of softness along with strength to do makeup perfect. There is such an amazing assortment that there is a brush for every technique & product. The brush holder has a top and bottom which are magnetic which make it so easy for travel and so the brushes aren't in the air. Also you get brush guards which protect the shape of your brushes, I love that they included those. This set is so worth it & I recommend them fully. They are great for everyone, from beginners to professionals.
Exactly what I needed and received in a timely manner
This is a nice hair dryer works great with the attachments perfect for curly hair
Very easy to use and works like a gem! Super efficient and quick. 50 pads is a perfect amount!
Easy, fast and professional transaction. My Mom is enjoying the velcro rollers. Thank you!
These eyelashes are great. I love that they come in different styles and are fairly easy to apply. Great product!
This cleanser is absolutely wonderful! I tend to have cyst acne skin & this product does wonders for my skin
Really liked that it worked quickly and effectively. A night and day difference for my feet. Great value for the money.
I have the solid stainless model of this but it became dull seemingly overnight. I ordered this one to replace the original pair and could not be happier. Once again I have the precision of the original, plucking ultra fine hairs with aplomb, and multiple hairs per squeeze. I was able to file my originals and get them back into a usable condition again. However, they will be relegated to back-up duty at this point since the new ones work so perfectly. In case you're wondering, this new black pair measures 3.75 inches in length.
In love with this rose water! I have tried other ones from stores even Mario Badescu and this one beats it for me!! This was the first rose water a tried before venturing out and just keep coming back. I guess i have hit gold with this one.
Bought for preteen daughter. Easy to use. We put curl cream in hair while wet, then put these in her hair and kept them in over night. Curls looked great. No tangles when removing. Great quality for price. Delivered quick.
Like it alot. Barely used any and gives great coverage. Got compliments from people
My daughter love the colors, Worth your money I totally recommended this product fast deliver too.
I love this scent but I am going to share a story that illustrates how much other people like it too: I was catching an Uber to the airport and I had just taken a shower and sprayed myself with this perfume. I even sprayed a little in my hair. I get in the Uber and the driver and I exchange our greetings normally. Then he says, "You smell delicious!" He then apologized for saying the first thing that came to his head. He tried again and said, "You smell great!" I simply smiled :)
So easy to use and good quality. Love it!
Gave as a stocking stuffer gift
This was my first time trying a fat burning supplement. I was pleasantly surprised to find no funny side affects. Wasn't jittery, no racing heart, no shaking, etc. I noticed after a week or so, I wasn't snacking so much and was eating smaller meals. Great results, definitely glad I tried this!
It was surprisingly effective. Left my skin feeling smoother and tighter. Love it!
The hair is beautiful it came in a timely fashion and it is very lightweight and it doesn't shed easily or gets tangled easily. I'm going to be ordering more hair like this very soon.
Thank goodness for this product which has helped tame my fly away hair!!
This is a really good option for a physical sunscreen because it has high, broad spectrum protection, and the white cast is not awful. In terms of fragrance mentioned by other reviewers, I agree there's a grandma-esque smell, but it doesn't bother me. Being a mineral sunscreen, the product is difficult to remove with just water. I recommend using an oil cleanser first and then a light foam/gel cleanser after that to fully remove the sunscreen. I have sensitive skin, but I've had no negative reaction to the product whatsoever! I'm very satisfied with this purchase and look forward to repurchasing it in the future.
The oil appears to be nice, the packaging is excellent and the size is perfect.
My hair seems to be thickening out even after a short period of use! Excited what the future holds! Love it thus far.
I like the look and color.There is often food residue in the teeth.I used this.It's very clean.Brush your teeth after each use and feel very comfortable.Very clean.It's also quieter.Lightweight.Feel comfortable.Logistics is fast.Customer service is good.The service attitude is also very good.A reliable product.
Amazing protection and easy to use without leaving a residue like so many other mineral sunscreens. And at a great price!
These headphones are great. The sound is very clear and the headphones are comfortable in my ears. I have had several other headphones that were not comfortable but these are great. I also love how stylish they are with the white and gold.
My hair matched perfect with the color of the extensions. The length also looks realistic on me! I have long hair already, the extensions just add an extra pretty look to my natural. For the price! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
It really works good!!!!! I will order again. Very pleased !!!!!
I can't stop buying this brands chapstick! It is simply THE BEST EVER!
Exactly what I was looking for. This thing is small! I like the smallest straightening iron I can find for travel. I only straighten my bangs, and I didn't want something that would take up space in my luggage, I even started using it at home.
Smart design and easy to use. You can adjust the intensity as well as the amount of water that comes out.
I love how my pores are much less noticeable
Works better than the expensive eye treatments I've tried. These products are amazing.
I love this scent !! Hope you keep it in stock please !!!!
Great liners for what the price is. Seriously!!!! Although I don't use majority of the colours, the ones I like last a while. Good buy!
I love the product. Bigger sizes would be nice!😉
Excellent product. Hair was thicker after only a few washes. Would definitely recommend and will buy again.
Great for root clipping overnight. And they get tangled less than others because their 2 prongs with nothing in between them.
Huge, my favorite brush
These are fantastic but extremely sharp. Be careful with first use
received overnight after ordering. easily put together. can use either micro USB or (4) AAA batteries if you don't want to plug in. nice bright lights and can dim by long pressing power button. also came with suction cup small magnifying mirror.
Nice straightener. Temperature adjustable + smooth and even. Get what paid for.
Great bows! Ordered them for my job which is a fast food restaurant & we have spirit Friday for our towns football teams. I went and bought stars which is our restaurant logo and they look great! Excited to give them to the girls
Beautiful wig arrived quick and well packaged. Lace fine. Lots of hair. Color lovely. Fit good hairline good. It's so pretty thats what gives it away as being a wig as no one's natural hair could be do uniformly pretty. Can part anywhere. Movie star hair.
Of course this product is simple to use. You just put a little on your soft bristled toothbrush and brush for 1 to 2 minutes. It doesn't taste good but it's not as bad as one might think. I haven't seen the whitening affect yet as I haven't used it long. However, I've read good things and can not wait to see the changes.
These are just the right size for giving samples for body/hand creams I've made. They will work also for lip moisturizers (like lip gloss).
Works well to spray varnish on art projects. It gives a nice even spray.
Does the job right, my face feels moisturize and my skin feels lifted!
Very nice product to give as a gift or keep in your collection if smell goods. All scents were very good. My favorite was an orange scented candle that had a nice fresh pop to it!!! Designs on candles also were very neat. Could see someone buying it and gifting each candle to a different person in their life.
Well priced and makes hair nice and soft!
Skin looks great with increased young feeling..
Awesome towel. Super absorbent and doesn't pull your hair. I have long fine hair and it can take a while to dry, but after using this and just air drying, it has cut my dry time more than half. I suggest getting 2 or 3 so you always have a fresh one on hand.
I do see a difference in my skins texture, Lee likes it!!!
Love this argan oil conditioner! I use it every other day on thin hair (I do highlights every two months) and it helps it look fuller and healthier. If you are looking for a treatment that can fortify and significantly improve the appearance of your hair, especially if it undergoes any chemical changes from hair dye, perm, etc, use this conditioner, preferably with the matching shampoo.
I love this wig , I got it for a party and the quality is great. I've worn a Halloween wig before and this just doesn't compare. Great price, very minimal shedding, and the hair feels so feel.
Love this and will reorder. I also plan to order some of their other products. I am of Scandinavian descent/mature skin and live in the desert. I initially bought the oil and loved it as well.
I order the product and it's working for me. I will continue to use it.
Honestly?? I'd die for this wig. Very thick, very long, perfect color match! Super recommend if you're on a budget.
II bought this for my curly hair and It works for me. Now my hair are soft and bright.
Great for keeping your hair up and out of the way when getting out of the shower! I love these!
Nothing to dislike. Exactly as described. Would repurchase.
This is so easy to put up. It is just command strips. It is very sturdy and can hold ALOT of head bands and weight. I've hand mine up for a long time now and no issues. It looks great and takes up minimal space compared to other ear holders. Plus, it is a great way to show off your ears!
This has a lot more suction power than you would think. Quiet, runs smoothly and leaves skin so much cleaner. Nice set for all your stubborn areas. There's 5 different heads that are easy to clean. You will be amazed at how much dirt and oil it sucks out! Even comes with 5 filters to keep the inside of the unit clean and running properly for a long time. USB charger included.
I stumbled across this brand of product when staying at the Cosmopolitan in Las Vegas...and then found this version of lip balm in my failed attempt to find the one they gave us on our stay. I use it on my lips and cuticles. I love it because it works as a lip balm but shiny enough to work as a lip gloss too!
Good deal. Good design.
Doesn't leave oil marks on clothes. Smells great. Great for dry skin. A little pricey but worth it.
The best body wash that I have ever used.
This candle is so cute! I wasn't expecting this much fragrance, but I could smell it through the packaging!
I wanted to buy a silver glitter nail polish for a long time now. I don't think any other brands make this type of nail polish. I would typically buy it from either Target or Walmart or Ulta and in person after testing it on my nails. But this product on Amazon totally met my in terms of both quality and price. Love it and would totally recommend to buy it from here.
I had used opi brand since 3 years a go. this's my first time purchase super fast drying. I'm so happy with this.
Love the scent and the feel of my beard after applying Cremo Beard Balm. I wasn't to crazy about the Cremo beard oil, it smells like a forest
In the past, I've used my grandfather's vintage brass Gillette razor, and my father's butterfly razor from his army days, my own Merkur heavy-duty for the last 10 years, but on a whim, I decided to try this one. It's hands-down the best I've ever used. The silo mechanism works perfectly, the heft and size is just right, and (at least in my opinion) the closeness adjustment is perfect. Paired with good blades (I use Derby) and a quality glycerin soap (I use Mug) you can't go wrong.
Smells just like the perfume
A+ CLAIROL NICE'N EASY ROOT TOUCH UP is the best on the market in my opinion. Sometimes I don't have time to get to the salon and this product works wonders. Then the next time I will go to the salon and have my hair colored all over ,highlighted and cut. It saves money too!
I used this the other night and I liked it! I could feel it tighten under my eyes and could see the wrinkles ease away. I didn't experience the white residue others mentioned, but I also only used a little, which is what the directions say. Only lasts a few hours, but that's what I expected. I like it, definitely recommend.
I have bad split ends; using this conditioner several times a week for the past month had repair the hair damage. Also helping with the hairline recession around the temple.
Easy to use. Does what it needs to do. Waterproof and give a clear swift cut
Love how this folds up small so it doesn't take up space when not in use. Very sturdy bag. Easy to fold and put back into small bag.
This stuff is amazing and just like my professional chem peels. No peeling if used correctly I use it in between my professional treatments so I can spread out. Acne is healing scars are fading! Amazing!!
This product is amazing!!! My skin is very sensitive I had tried everything on the market and nothing leaves my skin like this mask . It is so soft and glowing absolutely obsessed with it !!!
Works amazingly well.
This product is mini and easy to travel with! I like how its rechargeable and it heats up so quickly.
Came on time good price.
Great price, great value. Great product. Save money. It has MANY powered shaver heads that work - they all snap in & out with ease. Adjustable beard trimmer, 2 nose hair trimmers, etc. Quick charging and holds a charge.
Super practical, great bag, and has many pockets to put a lot of things. :)
My wife loves it very much
This is the best eye mask I have owned. It is packed with gel beads and works effectively.
Definitely see results! Spots are getting lighter...
As a pro groomer I love this product! It cools , cleans and oils the blades.
A friend had sunburn on her back after the first day of being out in the Hawaiian sun. Applied this at night and she felt immediate relief and minimal pain the next morning. I recommend putting it in the fridge to add an extra relief when it is applied.
Works great. Has several attachments that work for different effects. I've been using it for a month or two now and I'm starting to see a difference in my pores.
The quality is amazing
Perfect product and shipping. Will use this seller again.
Great Cologne. The real deal and not a knock off. Very pleased.
Just as advertised. Using with the xtava diffuser and they work perfectly for my curls.
Thats a incredible clipper for low price it's awesome
This works great to organized the small cosmetic items in my purse. It's small enough to tuck in a clutch & the long zipper makes it easy to get things in & out.
Excellent adhesive! Dries in second! It does sting, make sure your client don't open their eyes at all. It might sound stupid, but trust me some ladies just don't get it.
Such an amazing assortment in glitter palettes. Everyone would have this as you makeup go to. Excellent
Great Product.It does make your hair shiny and is a nice round brush.still need to practice to get my hair straight with this brush, But so far I'm happy with this.
PErfect for a little girl. Great quality , Love the assortment
Great quality product. Will buy again.
Exactly as described
Product arrived in 2 days just like it said. Perfect condition. I love this exfoliator. It leaves my skin super soft and super moisturized from The essential oils!
Great soap and easy to use.
This wig did not disappoint! Beautiful color, shine without looking fake, and easy to style. Reacted well to low heat styling. Arrived very curly, I straightened and styled on my own. No damage whatsoever from heat styling. Tracks have wide spacing, BUT this wig is very voluminous. Pictures included are with zero tweezing on the lace. Very happy!
Love this so much. Use it all year round as sun screen and moisturizing. It keeps my skin smooth and glowing.
At first I didn't expect much but it was actually a real surprise. I own a other brand face cleanser already, and I wanted something less expensive to carry while traveling. This facial brush comes with thermal SPA function which I love the most. And the brush head is really soft as well. Although the vibration is not as strong as i bought before, it is good enough for daily facial cleaning. i like it and recommend.
The diffuser works perfectly! There is not too much or too little mist coming out and the colors of the light are relaxing!
This stuff is incredible!! My skin has never looked better!!
Both the regular and the sport version do a good job for non-aluminum deodorants. The sport is great for workout!
These glass nail files are great! I love how no matter what direction you use them, they work great! My nails grow like weeds, so I use them once a week or two, I have given them as gifts and friends and family have loved them! I just bought more! So happy I bought these, will never go back to the cardboard type or any other file!
I use this several times a week... wether I'm taking a break from washing my hair or just need some volume in my very thin hair. This is fantastic if your going hiking , are in the hospital or anytime a shower is not readily available!
She loved it, so much that she is considering using it for her wedding if it survives the parties. It's made very well!
My wife is excited about the quality of the product, The only negative thing for her is, every time it's hard to clean a bowl after use, other then that it does pretty awesome job.
This product is easy to use and can be used several times without drying out.
Love This product in the shampoo and in the conditioner. Gives depth and highlights to my blonde hair.
I also like the shape of it. Great little razor, I only use this item for my facial hair and legs, but not for squatting. I like this project.
I bought these to make my own linen and body sprays. They are elegant looking and work great! Will buy again!
This came in a solid brick, it was just as advertised.
I literally got this today and couldn't wait to try it out! I tried doing my own acrylics and I hated it. I stumbled upon this and I'm so glad I did! It took me about an hour my first try. I'm pretty please the way they turned out. They are a little uneven but I'm confident that with practice they'll be perfect and it won't take so long. They feel strong, I just applied them to my natural nail then topped them off with gel polish.
Excellent ! I like the adapters, in case I upgrade my device that requires a USB-C cable.
Santa gave my wife a massage table with this warmer for Christmas. The warmer works pretty well but we find it takes a while for it to warm up. It has decent controls and we end up turning it down a little after a while. I would but it again in a heartbeat.
Compared to Maybelline, L'Oréal, NYX. This applicator brush is perfect with just the right amount of gel clinging to the brush, application is easy, color natural, looks naturally defined. Must have some brow hairs.
Good quality. Was for a glow in the dark party. All the girls love them. Very pretty
Exactly as described! I love this mascara. It adds beautiful volume without clumping. Quick delivery and lovely sample pack included.
Love this product been buying it for awhile.
I like the smell, and that it has magnesium in it. I like that there is no aluminum in it
I was given a partial jar of renewed hope in a jar by a friend of mine to try ,and I was so pleased with it that's why I ordered my own . It is a wonderful product and it also works great on new tattoos !
Bought this for my husband (we left his in the hotel on our last vacation) because he was missing his old one. He is very happy with this one and says it has the right magnification for shaving. It sticks very well to the mirror in fact so well you need to have fingernails to get it off! We looked on the back and you can easily remove one of the 2 suction cups so now it is easier to remove and has just the right amount of hold!
It's all about the base-notes with this one. Love it and the seller!
Just the right size for my mouth. Does the job.
I bought this as a prize for a shower game. They have pretty designs and are not your usual scented candle.
Great experience. Fast shipping
Best brand by far! Stays on and doesn't itch and nobody knows. Tried several and this one beats all hands down.
Really working to make my hair thicker looking.
It has been only a week and I can tell a noticeable difference already.
I have been using for 6-8 weeks and my lashes have really grown. I also noticed not as much shedding when I pull my lashes.
Great Work Wig. Do not put heat on it, it will burn but for the price I can't complain.
So happy I found these because I love them.
Great for long thick hair. Saves time. You can straighten large chunks at a time
This wax rips the hair right out, no questions asked! Use baby powder to get rid of excess moisture (underarms mainly) and baby oil to remove the wax when I was done. It's worth a buy!
Sturdy and we'll made.
Worked amazingly! Will be buying again!
This diffuser is perfect. Very easy to use. it can automatically change light. or it can fix light color. or no light. It's great. My favorite is that it is made of glass. the effect is very good. it will run for a few hours. I really like it.
Arrived quickly and on time. Exactly what I needed and exactly as described.
My face is already becoming smother, and softer I can actually feel it becoming vibrant again!!!!
Good quality. I bought this to trim my son's hair. Way better quality than the previous one I bought
My new favorite hot sauce - you won't be disappointed and it's carrot based. Weird but so delicious!!
Cleanses my skin causing no skin irritation or dryness. Leaves it toned and smooth!
I never used toner before, but my skin had changed and became much dryer. I did some research and came across this product. It's not like the toner of my teenage years which was very drying. It is surprisingly hydrating and soothing. I just pour a little into my hands and pat onto my face. It lasts a really long time and the bottle design is beautiful, which my bathroom counter appreciates!
I have used Nexxus mousse for years and love it!
Everyone always ask where I purchased the mask. Durable and super cute.
I love this product. I am usually a product hopper but I really like this and I'm sticking with it.
I've started making switches for more plastic free living and this was an excellent one! At first, I was hesitant as I have Psoriasis on my scalp and greatly rely on tar shampoos, but this soap truly does great. It doesnt cause the psoriasis on my head any pain unlike other bars have and it leaves my hair feeling silky smooth. I found the transition from commercial shampoo and conditioners to just the bar to be quite pleasant.
I have used a lot of electric toothbrushes and the original sonic toothbrush. The Fairywill electric toothbrush is by far the best toothbrush I have ever used. I like the size, the shape, how well it cleans and my teeth are starting to get whiter.
Love the brushes. Soft and great for blending. Large for quick application if you need to move fast.
This product is amazing ! So light and so comfortable, I have been using it everyday for 2 weeks and I already see a difference, a few drops go a long way. I love it!
This water flosser is great! better than my expectation! I have been using Waterpik flosser for years. This is one is just half price of the Waterpik! definitely worth in this price!
I really like the Oral Breath Freshener Spray. It's really handy on the go for bad breath or for dry mouth. You can also use it several times a day. Chewing gum can give me a headache so this has replaced it for me. I feel better out in public after using this spray knowing that it really does work. Will be purchasing more when this one runs out! Highly recommend!
These bits are absolutely perfect for cuticle and prep work for nail professionals and even for personal use. There is a bit that will fit and work forth every type of cuticle or cuticle problem. Highly recommend!
The clipper set comes with 2 clippers and a file in a nice metal box. the clippers are sharp and cut easily. They have an interesting handle which are surprisingly easy to use and control. Overall I really like the feel of it and would recommend it.
Very good product, I've always struggled with my short eyelashes and now I believe it will help because after couple times of using this product I already feel the difference, my eyelashes get stronger and longer! I couldn't be more happier!I Use it two times a day.
I really liked the gel for curl definition and hold. Nice scent also. When compared to other curly products I use, price is comparable oz for oz. Will buy again!
Fantastic toothbrush. I was a little wary to buy as I see so many electric toothbrushes that are very expensive. I did wonder what I would get for the price paid. Its worth every penny and more. It has 5 settings, I personally like the sensitive mode as I have sensitive teeth.
Great buy ! Works great, everything exactly as discribed.
First off. This was in my hands less than 24hr from when I ordered it. And I originally only ordered 3 so when I ordered the 2nd shipment I was shocked it was there the next morning! Strong baskets. No flimsy wires. Comes with screws to mount. I bought the XL ones. But I'm so impressed with them. Trying to think of where else I can use more
I recently got this for travel and been enjoying it. I dont use the magnifying side when using the mirror to apply makeup but the magnifying side help when i really need to get the tiny brow hairs. The warm color light is also great to have, easy on the eyes when using it in a dark room
This piece was AMAZING!!!! Not only did it come with the extension it came with a hair tie with a really pretty heart on it, instructions on how to care for the extensions , extra clips and a needle just in case a clip comes broken, a comb, a spray bottle for the care of the extensions which is in the instructions says what to do, and something else which i honestly dont know what it's for 😋 but this product is amazing!!!!
Very pretty and I like that I can always smell the oils that I put in it.
It came a little bent, not too bad but it also came with bobby pins and little inserts so that it can stay on your head, I wore it to my photoshoot and I loved it!
Love my little tool for my face! I believe in healthy skin and looking younger and healthy. This little tool helps my acne scars and keeping my skin tight!
This is a really unique product. It straightens my hair really quickly And efficiently. You're a few strokes, Your hair will be straight. When you are using it the handle will not bring your hand.
I mix it with distilled water with 10 drops! Makes the house smell so good!!
Large, and it definitely stays on all night.
I thought it would be to light but its just right
Extremely gentle on the hair yet does a great job of helping my hair feel fresh and clean. I use both products fairly often, love the all natural ingredients, prevents my hair from getting overly oily as well
Ewg verified! Kids like it
This toothpaste is great for people who cannot use fluoride or sodium laurel sulfate. It tastes good too. My son got sores in his mouth from other toothpastes. Instead of fluoride it has xylitol, another type of cavity prevention. My son likes the green apple and my daughter the orange.
Exactly what I was looking for...
It's a good hair dryer, powerful it's pretty light, so my arm won't get so tired when I dry my long hair . heat setting is great , my last dryer makes me feel like it's burning my hair when I use hot setting , this one's hot is not too hot , good and quick to dry my long hair , and warm setting is perfect when I dry my hair. Highly recommend
I don't often wear eyelashes, just mostly on special occasions like weddings. I'm kind of self-conscious about wearing them because I'm always scared they look too fake. I saw these mink 3D eyelashes and they looked great in the pic- there's a few that looked the same. At the time of purchasing these were the cheaper of the mink 3D eyelashes so I have them a try. These are superb. It looks so natural. Once you go mink 3D you can never go back to the old school fake lashes.
I'm currently wearing this wig.. I like it
This is the best one ive found so far for the blackheads! It really works well and it's gentle unlike other products.
Shipping took like forever. Not sure why. Did you have to make it?
This is the best ever!! I use this every single day now and it depuffs my face and leaves it feeling great! I used it morning and night with my serums and it makes my face feel absolutely amazing! It is in such a cute box and comes with a roller as well as a stone which works well for your body. This is a very high quality product and I would recommend it for people looking to buy a great gift for themselves or for someone else!
I love all the colors. You don't have to use too much because it's so pigmented...except the purple for some weird reason .
I love the rich deep color of this shade. It really does last without fading and feels great on your lips.
Just the right smell !
I initially gave an outstanding review of this product, but I just learned the price jumped from $13 to $60. I learned this when answering a question yesterday of why this product was so expensive. I apologize to that customer for saying it was well worth the price. I'm going to try a similar Neutrogena product to see if it's an acceptable substitute. I love the product and my 5 stars is still appropriate, but it's not worth $60 to me.
Works great and comes off easily
Worked well. Easy to fit full hand inside. Did purchase gloves to protect hands from light, even though it is LED. Nails are a little weak after removing gel polish (2nd time), so will not use on a continual basis. Came quickly. Thanks Amazon
The tape is easy to use. Just cut a piece and stick it on the scar. I use this for acne scars treatment.
In Florida we have to pretend it is Winter. These help out a lot by making my home feel festive and smell like tis the season :)
Good product. I would recommend to use this when our eyes seem to get tired and become sensitive.
Nice and strong and easy to hold, unlike small flat ones..
Love this stuff. Smells great and dries quickly and works great on my beard.
Great set of clippers. Very sharp and durable comes with both a finger and toe nail clipper. Love that they come in a case for easy storage! Work really well for cutting nails of all sort of lengths and thicknesses.
Who wants to wash their hair less and also add more volume? Me me me! This is a great dry shampoo, it does everything a dry shampoo is supposed to do but costs less than what I was using (living proof). This also adds a lot of volume, which is something I really need. I have the unfortunate combo of frizzy, wavy, poofy hair on bottom yet completely flat on top - this dry shampoo actually adds volume at my roots while removing grease and oil. Two thumbs up!
I've used other, more expensive types of gel nail polish and they have always chipped within the first couple of days. This actually lasts two weeks. Great product for the price. Would love to see more colors available through Amazon.
Very soothing, comfortable fit. Company easy to work with.
I wanted to wait several months to write my review to see how the product would work and last. When I got the product in December of 2018 and I opened the box, I was amazed at the product. I have not seen anything like this before. The Eucalyptus leaf inside the bottle was stunning. The shampoo smelled like a Eucalyptus leaf. This shampoo really helped me with my dandruff problem. On the second month of use, I noticed that my scalp was not as itchy or flaky as before. However, I did see notice my ends were dry after each use, so I had to use a hydrating conditioner. In addition, the product lasted for 5 months. It did so because I shower everyday, but washed my hair 2 times in a week. Each time I wash my hair, I would use two-three pumps, wash my hair and repeat the process one more time. There are many benefits on not washing your hair everyday and I would recommend to research this more.
Oral B is the only brand tooth brush I purchase.
I am wearing these braids right now, they do not tangle....! Conditioner, oil sheen, they are soft like real hair.. They feel nice on your skin, no itchy feeling. I will buy again.. Just wish Amazon offered these braids in more than 3 an 6 packages. Awesome Product....!!! Awesome Braids!!!
So much faster and easier than the mascara process Iv been doing until now and so much healthier for my lashes. Once you get the hang of it it's so much fun I can switch them up for night events as well!
Of course, we all have our own preferred 'flavor' ....
I bought this because it was a light gray it's very difficult to find light gray pencil works out wonderful love the brush on the end just moved everything out so I will buy again
Great packaging! Everything included!! UV gel was sealed when opened!! Rhinestone were perfect wax pens and brushes are great. Great quality!!
Exactly what I expected!!!
Just like in picture! I didn't realize but a pound is a good amount. Cocoa butter goes a long way. I use it in my lotions. The smell is pleasent! I am very satisfied, will definitely buy again
expensive, but the best hand cream you will ever use,... it seems
My husband loves the collection
Subtle bronzing effect- as expected from Bare Minerals. Blends well. Love it!
This product is great. Fast shipping. Came sealed.
Keeps my face from drying up and wrinkling. Been using it for about 3 or 4 years and never feels greasy Even my husband uses it. We use daily one plunger worth for the entire face and neck after we shower. Bottle lasts a long time.
After receiving the product, the first time it opens, it is very pleasant surprise. For a few dollars, you can harvest such a happy product. It is really good value for money. The value of the product far exceeds its own price. The blade is very sharp and heavy. Nail clippers, straight, oblique, solve some hard-to-cut nails, easy to cut, nails are great, packaging and iron boxes let me.
This wig comes nicely packaged with a wig cap and is super thick; which is crazy considering the price. Such a great deal since it can easily be styled for just about any Harley look.
My husband favorite.
Noticeable change after a week.It was package securely. I used it for scars due to acne.Very smooth texture just like aloe vera..No strong smell at all. Very compact that you can keep it even in a small purse.
Great gifts!! Super easy, clean,and quick. I'm so glad I can now take my favorite perfumes with me!
Have not used them yet. But they look like exactly what I wanted.
Have enjoyed using this now for several months. Easy to use and follow instruction. My face feels really smooth after each use.
Used through my entire pregnancy and still use it now!
Has a great smell. It goes on smoothly and dries fast, which makes it easy to apply morning and evening. Definitely lightening my stretch marks from my pregnancy.
My mother loved it as a gift for mother's day. It put me in her graces and is worth the money.
I love them!!! Love that they came in different colors to coordinate with outfits.
Look nice, price is good
Just as described and worked wonderfully
Would purchase again. Very soft brush!
This peel off mask works well. It gets out blackheads without being painful. Downside is it takes a while to dry but that's not a problem at all considering the smoothness of my skin afterwards
A friend recommended this product. My lashes are definitely thicker and longer after about 3-4 weeks of use. More than happy and will get it again!
LOVE LOVE LOVE! I love TruePure hair products! After only one week my hair has more body and bounce! My curls stay all day without any extra gel or hair spray. I have been using the TruePure Shampoo with the TruePure Conditioner and TruePure Biotin Serum. I will make sure I don't run out!
It was perfect for my daughter! I was skeptical at first but after watching videos, I decided to purchase. It is very easy to use and it does what it's supposed to. Glad I purchased it!
Best EO company on the market
It's more lip sticky feel than the airy one, but the color lasts! If you eat or drink you will need to reapply though. The color is a bit more orangey than I thought it would be.
They're toothbrushes; what more can I say?
I liked the quality of material it is made from
Really worked well at soothing and eliminating some very tough patches of psoriasis. I've tried everything. This is a very good cream to have added to my anti-psoriasis arsenal.
We continue to buy these replacements
These work great! Soft on your skin, but get the job done! They don't shred either, so you don't have cotton residue left on your face.
Very good cream, not sticky and I can feel my skin smoother, works very well for the fine lines around my eyes, I have very good skin however I want to keep it that way and this cream seems to be working very well. I love the fact that it is not greasy.
I used this product for a homemade sugar scrub. It serves its purpose. The size was more than adequate. I like this product.
It was ok at first then some (2) of the heads plastic interiors broke. Therefore would not work properly. However...the seller has resent me a new and improved model. Said, they updated the plastic pieces so breakage shouldn't happen. I'm very happy with the way I was treated!
good quality, not cheaply made. will buy again!
It was easy to do they all came out wonderful. Can't wait to try them in the bath! Tip: If you want color buy food coloring!
As someone who originally had 5 different moisturizing lotions on her bathroom counter, this one is my favorite by far. Not only does it smell nice, I've actually seen a difference in my skin where I applied it. I'll definitely be buying this again once I run out!
This black head remover is no joke! I was not expecting a lot when I ordered it. I have purchased them from Walmart before and the suction was weak and didn't work at all. I decided to try this one on the lowest level of suction and was shocked! It pulled my stubborn black... See more
This was perfect for putting on my eye makeup while on a trip. My old travel mirror wasn't doing the job. I needed something with a higher magnification. This worked great.
the spray is perfect for my hair. I have thin unruly hair. This spray allows for styling without the 'hairspray' look.
Gift for my sister not only did she loved them she was very surprised
It is amazing. Easy to use, and painless. I am in my 7th session, and I have already no hair on my body. I use on my legs, armpit, arms, upper lip and bikini.
This works perfect with my Braun-Silk
I have used this for years and unable to find it in local supermarkets or drug stores.
Got them super quick, I bought 2 packs as many said they were too thin and I have thick longer hair, they were perfect! I ended up using a pack and a half and wore them for he first time on Halloween to work. I got so many compliments on them! The girls at work couldn't believe that I got them for such a great price! They blended well with my hair, my hair color is black and these blended well but in the sun light I noticed a slight difference in my hair color and the extensions, but nothing a little dye couldn't fix. I'm so excited to wear them for my sister in laws baby shower next week, I'll be curling them. Another thing that I saw get asked a lot if how they straighten, I use my straightener on the highest setting for my hair, for these I used a low/medium setting and they straightened right out. I took the straightener and did a quick curl on one I wasn't using and it's curled beautiful with no problem. A definite keeper and a fantastic buy!
I liked the bag okay, however, I've had the best customer service experience with the seller! If you're on the fence, take a chance, there aren't too many companies out there that value true customer feedback! I'll definitely purchase from the seller again!
Great product ... non greasy, smells great... I've bern using for a few months now and I can actually see a difference in the quality of my hair. Feels stronger and healthier. Curls are in tact for the whole day without any touchup
I really like this product. It does not smell like other sulfur products and it really helps skin. I bought it for breakouts from exercising and it helped with that and stubborn milia. I have already bought several bars.
REALLY INCREDIBLY soft and shiny!! so pretty!
We've tried everything. This works on my teen's t-zone issues. So glad to see his sweet face and skin again.
This product keeps my hair well hydrated while also defining curls. Definitely a new go to.
These are good. It was overhyped to me as it was a product derived from God himself or something. They are good. I don't know they are something to write home about though.
I bought this kit as a gift for my husband, he likes it.
This is a very nice badger brush that I believe can hold it's own with more expensive brands.. Hand made in England is also a nice touch.
I love it omg the scent is so bomb i sprayed once and its stuck on me its a unique scent very nice for a night out 🤤
These are very high quality and great tools for working with nails. They were very effective in trimming nails and getting out splinters even!
Just kidding about the title, but I notice that the box of 80 costs about $1.30 more than two boxes of 40. I'm not sure about the logic behind this. The smell is great. They DO burn all the way if you set on end. (The little teepee incense thing really helps with this.)
Works great my girlfriend loves it
I love these combs. They come in a package of six. With six different colors to choose from. Each family member can pick the color of their choice. I personally like the orange comb for myself. Also I have thick hair that tangles easily. These combs will comb right through.
Easy to use. Very adhesive.
4 in one :one floss stick,braces floss stick,braces interdental brush,tongue cleaner.this toothpick has all type what I need,I don't need to get 4 different items.love it!
works great Looks Nice! love this product
This pomade is pretty awesome. Always gets every single hair to slick back.
Ok but expensive and low quality product. look for another seller sells the same buckles for hair in more quantity and lower price.
For everyday wear. This product is extremely difficult to find too!
I am 50ish and I just started to look for anti-aging products to try. I was impressed that I saw results in the first week. I think I will try the eye cream as well. I just wish I could find this serum cheaper.
Good product, fast shipping, works as advertised
I have a lot of skin tags, which is hereditary for me, this works great. Small discomfort, but big results for the price.
This. Brush. Is. Dynamite. THE BEST foundation brush I've ever used and blends extremely well! I've used it with different foundations and bronzer and it works well for different brands of makeup. So soft and non-abrasive. Well worth the price and good quality!
This is not meant to be used for a plus size person... I had to add an extender for my daughter to use it
It is a very effective skin care regimen that we use in addition to other tree activ products.
Best drugstore sponge in my opinion. Still would rather use the morphe one ($7) But this is just great quality overall! Would purchase again. Actually, imma order another one right now.
I purchased this item for my sister and she loves it. Great storage capacity and makes you happy to open your make up collection in this carrier.
lightweight, had cheap feeling plastic but that is expected with this price point LEDs are bright, suction on small magnified mirror could be better but it's sufficient worth the price, great for daily use
Loved this as I had tried it on in a store on vacation.
Great incense for Good Fortune! Package arrived immediately without a dent!
Good product, good quality. Arrived fast. Well packaged in a sterile packaging. Titanium needles, so much better than the previous one i had. Tried the roller and it works well. Hopefully this one lasts longer. But for the price, can't beat it. I will update after a month.
I love these. They look great in my daughters hair. She loves to wear dresses and these just dress her hair up. Very cute clips.
Thank god for these bobby pins! I'm sure every woman has some experience with the bobby pins I used to purchase. You know the ones... they stick out in weird places and after one use they are stretched. I honestly didn't know there could be such a huge difference in the quality of bobby pins but THERE IS. These bobby pins are incredibly strong and very well-made. They don't bend or stretch out after use. They hold hair tightly in place. And for this price you get 2 containers FULL of bobby pins. Remember, for a strong hold, to put the ridged side FACE DOWN into hair. The straight side should be the one that is visible on top of hair. I gave a rating of 5 out of 5 stars for an exceptional product.
Sleek design. Easy to clean. Self explanatory to use. Arrived quickly and looks just like described.
Have always bought the red bottle of queen so I decided to try this one also and I love this scent to
Love the smell wish they would come in bigger sizes
It's like a sweater shaver for your face. Zero pain. And leaves your skin nice and smooth. No risk of nicks from shaving or pain from waxing.
And it came with all these cute little extras! I am beyond wowed!
Great cherry shaped oval lip enhancer and it comes with a3 bonus pack of lip moisturizers. Great for using when going out for the evening
Loved these! Super sparkly and easy to apply. I did have to use tweezers because I have long nails. It was very sticky on its own. But would recommend using clear lash glue for the extra hold.
Nice taste. Great for sensitive teeth.
I'm 60 years old and my skin has never figured out that puberty was a VERY long time ago. My skin still produces a lot of oil. Once I turned 50, my pores got really big and I started breaking out like a teenager. To keep my skin clear I was using about 5 different products which made the am/pm ritual very time consuming. I found this product while searching for something that would reduce the number of steps.
Very happy. Worth the money
Everyone shoul have one. My overall mouth health has increased dramatically according to my dentist.
Arrived in perfect condition. Used it several times already and it hasn't broken down so it does the job. Super lightweight and easy to carry around
This is awesome!!!! Love it!
Great for dry, brittle hair
I love the coverage I get with this foundation.
Caution...if you have light hair or highlights this is going to be more of a longer term committment. I used it over a month ago on blondish highlighted hair and the results were..... Extremely bright red! But i liked it . So this stuff is very very very very very intense, I would definitely suggest it for gals who are already red it will definitely embellish and enhance and just be simply stunning.
Hands down my favorite face wash. This gel is perfectly foamy and helps clean your face without making it feel completely stripped. This face wash is well worth it's price, and a little goes a long way.
I could have used one or two more packs but I like the hair nonetheless!!!
Love the design. Able to pullout unwanted gray hair(s).
This is an amazing body butter! It's very smooth and not gritty at all. The scent is light of Shea and cocoa butter. It takes a little to melt into your skin but I'm very very happy and will be buying this again!
Love this fragrance, unfortunately it is being discontinued. But I will keep buying til it runs out completely
Love it and it does the job!
These are surprisingly sturdy, I was expecting them to fall out or have no grip because of the price but they stay pretty well. If you have very thin hair you will want to use Bobby pins with it. These arent going to pin back a ton of hair, but they are so cute to add to bring something new to your style. I like them a lot, especially for the price.
Great packaging and he LOVES the soap !
Love this brand and this is my second purchase of this brand.
Great look for the fireplace
I love this product is useful to my neck , muscle pain
I was so surprised I can have this at such a good price, very useful ,I use it every night for a week, the effect is obvious ,It has a very strong attraction ,skin feels tighter after each use.
Love Bonne Bell products - no animal testing and great quality. I really like the flavors in this pack! The rootbeer, Sprite and grape are my favorites. This multi-packs also make great gifts.
This is a wonderful mask. I love it! After using it, my face is moisturized and glowing! Will be buying more and recommending to friends and family.
I bought this to replace one I purchased at Wal-Mart that broke after a couple uses. You can tell the difference in quality. This one has already out lasted the crap one I bought at Wal-Mart. I recommend to anyone looking to buy a facial cleansing brush.
Have gotten this before, and still like it. Good color with some glimmer and stays on.
I love this!!! I have been noticing huge differences in my hair!
I bought this kit for my fiancé and he loves it! It was nicely packaged and nothing leaked during the shipment. The beard conditioner smells amazing and all of the other products are also high quality. You get 6 items for a little over $13! Well worth the money for sure!
My daughter actually bought this necklace as a gift for my birthday. I love it. It's unique and I appreciate the ability to choose what essential oils to place in the lava balls.
Love this stuff, I like they way my skin feels after. It's not that peel off mask that takes half your face with it. It's a wash off mask, but I found it wasn't too bad To remove. I am definitely buying again when I use what I have.
worked ok with my poison ivy. in fact the best thing I could find. that said didn't "cure" it my any means but did alleviate the itching for a bit which was heavenly
Best product for natural hair that is silk pressed!
I love this make up brushes. I had my other set for years and I needed new ones. The color is really pretty and it's good quality. The handles have this notch that make applying make up easy.
It works very well on my rosacea.
I needed a water flosser to go along with my daily dental cleaning at home. This product came with extra heads for replacement. It's light and portable. I can bring it along with me when I travel. It has different speed to choose from. It charges fast and lasts a long time. It cleans my gums and between my teeth well! Overall, it's durable and very great to use.
Works great on dad's razor that he has had for years! He said he replaces this part maybe once a year.
It does actually make my teeth whiter .Considering the fact I am a smoker and drink loads of coffee,I strongly recommend the product.Also,since I am using the product,whenever I go to dentist,they are telling me that I have no plaque. Thank you for the amazing product. I have ordered for a friend of mine too.
A gift for my mom she loved it just wish the bottles were a little bigger
A different consistency (in a good way!) than other shea butters I have used. Really love this!
Great product at a great price!
This is a great cleanser that lathers really well! I use this after taking my makeup off with some coconut oil. It leaves my face feeling super clean. I also like that is isn't heavily scented and that the cleanser is colorless and almost odorless. It is a great natural cleaner for your money.
very nice quality and all the tools you need
This product works great to clean my invisalign. They always looks great afterwards and feel so clean. Thanks.
My 5 yo daughter loves them.
You will feel a little bit of static electricity but it is bearable. After a few days the mole will scab off. You will smell an odor that is not pleasant hot flesh/burning flesh this is normal.
Soft and worth the money. My wife loved it.
I no longer have to deal with the towel falling off my head while I'm shaving my legs or getting dressed. It does not dry my hair any faster, but is more convenient to use. I will be purchasing another one.
Nappy AF I hate it threw that shit in the trash
Very light weight and it heat up pretty fast. Curling/straighting workes. My only complain was that it did not have a lock feature on the clamp, so you need a strong hold.
Wigs fit nicely on it, making it easier to work with them. Way better than cheap styrofoam wigs. Definitely worth the cost.
The hair was super soft easy to install it looks really good
I have been using the growth serum for about a month now and it does appear my eyelashes are longer. I will continue to use this product!
Makes my skin so soft,
Oh my my my. I thought I had a Wet Brush but apparently Sally's gave me a knock off brand. I had forgotten why I fell in love with my Original until I received another one. This is the BeST brush and if you or a loved one has thick, curly, wavy hair, you need this brush in your life. Not as crazy about this color tho. It clashes with the yellow. I wish I had gotten then pink one or even better, I wish they would change the color to something besides neon yellow. Not a deal breaker since the brush is so awesome. I read many reviews about other brushes being fake. If this is fake, it's so good that you can't tell the difference so who would care?
I use it with batteries rather than plugging it into an outlet or computer and it works well.
Loved it. It make my hair soft and easier to comb through.
Great stuff nothing better
My husband was looking for a new razor. This one was at an affordable price. He says that the shave is close. It is easy to clean and the battery lasts long. He also said that it is easy to hold. He highly recommends this electric shaver.
I have 3 Eve Hansen products - the moisturizer, the cleanser, and the night cream. They're all excellent, with noticeable results, not just as it seems to me, but to others. I am an older woman, and skin care products are important to the health and appearance of my face. Checking out at a local supermarket last year, a much younger woman in front of me asked what I used on my skin. "You're just glowing!" she told me. When I told her, she wrote it down, complaining that her skin was always dry and was beginning to wrinkle. I should add that I also use a different brand of retinol cream. Have not yet tried Eve Hansen's, but I may in the near future.
This was a gift for my husband. Every day he tells me how much he loves this shaver. He gets a closer shave and it's easy to clean. He had not traveled with it so I can't say anything about the portability of it yet but I can't imagine a problem with it.
They are the perfect bottles for spices or essential orders. I love the size and it has helped my organization in the kitchen! Very well made as well!
I bought this hair set for my niece. I like that it is arrived in nice package, which can be given like present. All accessories with no damage. Looks beautiful. My favorite part- all clips are covered with soft fabric which is very important.
Loved everything about it! The colors are so vibrant and pigmented for such a cheap price! 😍
Love how easy it was to fill in my brow with this product.
I boight 3 of this items and i am very happy with not only the fast service but the quality of the items. It is not to had and not to soft. Size are perfect. Just what i was looking for. And they also have the best prices comparing to all other places where i looked that had same item.
I bought the black version for myself some weeks ago, and my daughter asked me for one. This works flawlessly, and she loves using it. Comes with extra heads.. a great value!
not seeing the results they say, but thank you.
Does a much better job of shaving my beard than my previous Norelco. I liked it so well that I recommended it to a friend. He got one, and is also happy with it.
Amen this is most definitely one of the best units I've purchased. Now mind u I buy a lot 😊. I wish that the size was a hair smaller. Thank you for your time. Blessings.
Wow! These bottles are of such good quality! I was very impressed as soon as these arrived. They came very well packaged. I've started making essential oil blends and storing them in the roller bottles. So far they work great! The roller is made of metal and rolls perfectly. I plan to use the spray bottle to store my homemade cleaning solution. I love the funnels and labels! The funnels fit the bottles perfectly which makes it mess free. I look forward to continue to use these bottles!
Delivery was prompt and the product just as I expected. Thank you!
Bought this as a gift, and the recipient loves it! I would purchase again.
Scent is super and lather is wonderful!
This product truly makes a difference in my hair texture and thickness. The scent is nice-not overpowering, chemical or sweet/candy scent-just fresh, clean, light.
Love them. I have bought many Zum products over the years. These were just as expected. Clean, invigorating fragrance. Great gifts!
This was my first time buying a wig.... It is purchased for wearing this summer when the weather is too humid and I am too lazy to deal with my own hair. . . I know that I did well because my hairdresser, who is very 'picky' loved it and wants to buy one herself. . . and she sees a lot of wigs!
I wear this every day instead of changing eyeliner to match the color I'm wearing. It goes with everything and just serves to highlight/bring focus to my eyes rather than add too much color to my make-up color scheme. Great product!!
love the smell and heat is locked in for a good while
I love this nail polish and continually got compliments. Kind of looks like mermaid colors but definitely my favorite of all that I've gotten from ILNP. The depth of the color is amazing.
This fragrance lamp is ideal for use in the office or at home computers, ie it can be humidified, and it can be refreshed or relaxed with essential oils. Lemon oil can also be used to prevent colds during the flu season. I like it very much.
I love the Roc products! This cleanser is gentle enough to use daily and it smells great. Since I started using these products I've noticed my skin looking brighter, more firm, and less noticeable lines.
Excellent product and good value. Prompt shipping.
Gets my teeth very clean! Battery lasts long.
This is awesome. I always had a hard time trying to do winged liner and this makes it so easy. It takes a few tries to get used to it and get it the hang of but it works. I love using this on the weekends for a little bit if extra glam
Very nice! All items seem sturdy. love that it includes tools to help with filling and placing the rollers! Can't wait to blend some oils!
this wax actually holds your hair in place unlike a lot of waxes out there. i bought this because i was looking for a wax that would last my work day and google recommended it. I dont like using a lot of product and with this stuff you dont really need too to get a decent hold that will last
Good quality hard case.
The item Does what it says. I love the beach waves and they last
Detangles so well!!! Smells amazing too!
Great for traveling! These bottles made it through TSA with no problems! They are a good quality.
took me years to figure out Unscented deodorant works best
Great product works well. Just wish it was I. A tube.
Works great for covering brows. Much better than glue stick.
Wow I like everything. This mirror is perfect for travel, it is so bright I am afraid to look I at what I see. It is great to see how I can see to put on my makeup. Thanks so much.
Love this lash curler . This is my first time trying a lash curler and I really love it . The result is amazing . It does make my eyelashes curling and it's very easy to use and safe
Very beautiful colors. Very bright and big enough for us to take some group photos. Was sturdy and dependable.
got for the kids, lots of variety for them to play with. wife said she might steal some of the colors as well. seems to be pretty deep so should be a lot of life in the kit.
Like Mrs. Meyer's but smells better, looks nicer, and works just as good if not better. Plus, it's a local Austin company.
Love this product and so does my boyfriend. Its lasted him awhile now and the box is came in was so cute. He uses it to put his other things in.
Very nice product! Heats up Quick! The wax beans work good! They are nice and smooth! The warmer is nice and compact, comes with everything you need!
Very happy with product, it fits all my dreads that reaches past my waist.
Product as expected; Fair price.
This is a great towel! My hair dries in half the time as opposed to using a regular towel. It is a good size towel with some to spare, to wrap around my head after taking a shower. I liked it so much I bought my daughter in law one too, Very absorbent!
The wig is a good unit I had to bleach the nots and color it black but so far so good will order again
I use this towel at home and also when I travel. It dries my hair quicker and also dries itself quickly so I'm not packing a wet towel home. I have wavy hair and this seems to keep my waves better than a regular towel.
It keeps me from smelling, what else can I say?
Love everything about this from texture tob scent and lather
I used to make up a couple of times every week, so the eyelashes is a must-have , this eyelash has a very good quality and easy to use, I like it
I love this cologne and have been using it for a while and is actually a great cologne for the price. Stays on for a decent time and do get compliments here and there. overall great cologne and not one of those cheap ripoffs just because the price is cheaper than others
Best towel for hair on the market!
Fast shipping! And very nice brush kit
Perfect product for breaking in my beard and face to my new razor!
The product is of good quality very strong. It brings everything you need to do a manicure and pedicure and the case it comes in is perfect to be able to have everything organized and easy to find.
I love the colors!! Very easy to apply with very little fall out!
Works well with storing my essential oils.
Smells like lemon cake my favorite hand cream ever
I have enjoyed this product and so glad to get it through Amazon.
Great quality especially for price. Really works well without razor burn
New. Correction needed, after going through the packaging we found the second blade. OLD. Would of put one star if i could have, omly one blade was delivered
good price good quality
I used this in my diffuser and also put it on my dryer balls to add a nice sent to my laundry. Great product!
Lights were good, magnification was great
Very effective, saw changes in a few months, grows hair in a healthy way
Good quality definitely gets the job done
Good quality strong material. Wound up giving this to a friend. She uses it when giving her dog a bath and she loves it. Also, or dries quickly.
Great quality , only used it twice but seems perfect and easy to clean
Very cute - I wish there was an option to pick two different colors on the buy one get one, but I do have two girls so getting two black worked out. These are well made headbands. My girls have been wearing them 3-4 times a week for a couple months
Great wig especially considering the price. Wore for about a month. Will buy again.
It,s a very good razor, it smooth when I'm shaving and better then when I was young. In, addition, it allows a close shave without cutting, I am glad that the razor is a long handle because it allows me a better handling of the razor even if it seems a little heavier than the smallest razor. It is just amazing for me my wife. By this shaver I have a close shave and much better quality than any other shaver. In addition, by preparing my skin to shave, I have no irritation of the skin after shaving, which makes me have a great shave experience ... There is no doubt I recommend this razor ...
Doesn't get caught in teeth and slides smoothly. I have some pretty tight spaces between teeth and the floss doesn't get stuck or tears.
The best moisturizer for in the shower use. Quick delivery is always a plus
Amazing! It makes my short lashes look beautiful and long!
The first thing I noticed when I opened this shampoo was the heavenly smell of zesty lemon. That's part of the stimulation for your roots and what helps activate healthy, new growth. The shampoo itself is light and covers a good amount of hair with a small dollop. Unlike a lot of other shampoos in this price range, I actually felt like it was cleaning my hair with a thick lather and not a thin layer of grease. After blow drying my hair, my hair was thicker and bouncier and smelled wonderful!
Love love love this wig. No smell. No split ends. No bugs. Hair is soft. Took highlights very well. Curls bounce bag after getting wet. Only thing i didn't like was the color of the lace.
I was using the phillips multi tool for nose but sometimes it was pulling my hairs which hurts like crazy.. Then after doing some research I found out that not all machines pull hairs and decided to give it a try since it is less than $10. I'm glad that I tried because this is very simple device but gets the job done. Keep in mind that it needs one AA battery and it doesn't come with battery.
My youngest daughter is just getting to the point where she can wear bows. I ordered these hoping they'd work for her, and they're AWESOME! The ribbon is really high quality and the alligator clips are perfectly wrapped to both stay in place and not pull her delicate hair. She loves being able to wear bows like her big sister. Each ribbon has two bows so you can wear pigtails! She's so excited and looks adorable in them. I love these bows; if you're on the fence, do it! You won't be sorry!
This is the best product I've ever used for my curly hair. I love it! Curls are not frizzy and are manageable. My daughter and grand daughter use it was well.
Eyebrows and love this product
It works excellent, just as I expected it! and the best thing is that the order arrived very fast. Happy about this
I always get compliments when I'm wearing this. It smells great and lasts most of the day.
This is a great bronzer for that little extra color but looks natural and glows from within.
These came in the same packaging shown above, no obvious defects or abnormalities. Amazing how much gets into your pores.. Am using the lights to decrease pore and wrinkle size too.I love it, it actually works. It seems rugged, Great product, fast transaction.
The toothpaste tube is small but the toothpaste works great. Love it.
Trying the shower tablets was an interesting experience. I enjoyed the fragrance but would have preferred a little stronger scent. I did my best to keep the tablet on the far outside of the water flow but it seemed to dissolve a little quicker than I anticipated. I would definitely buy them again, especially if the scent was a bit stronger. Would certainly buy them as gifts for family and friends.
This drill is excellent! It's definitely a beginner friendly and easy to manage it. It comes with 6 different bits. I like it that it's portable, rechargeable and lightweight. I used it couple of times and so far I really like it a lot! It's low noise and low vibration and you can adjust the speed. I highly recommend it.
My favorite purple shampoo that really WORKS! I tried many other brands but pravana is the top by no means. I see results from the very first use: gets rid of yellow undertones perfectly. Better if used with conditioner after
I've struggled with acne for years. This product is amazing! After over 3 months of use along with the SW Basics Cleanser, my face is clearer than it has been in years. I am a huge supporter of this product and highly recommend it for anyone that has been struggling with adult acne.
They work good it takes some time to get a hang of using them. But once you got it down they are easy to use. They always work pretty good at getting stubborn blackheads.
Love it! I have sofar purchased 2 or 3 of her perfumes and usually some scents can trigger a headache for me no matter if they are the expensive department store/ labels etc..or the 5 $ body spray at drugstore. I have to say I am impressed. My only complaint would be that the scent doesn't have a very long staying power..you have to freshen up mid day but no biggie
One of my all time favorites!
Extremely easy to use! After one use already feel a different. Excited to continue use to see results
Exactly what i wanted
It is really very nice. I am completely satisfied with this product.
I love this brand now! There are no weird, sketchy chemicals in this product like most have.
this case actually is pretty good, good zipper and good shell case
Fast delivery easy to use and loved the NEW & IMPROVED style of clippers.
Great price for awesome hair color!
This Hair is REALLY BOMB will definitely be ordering again!!!!
Smells great and cleanses thoroughly. Mine did not come with a little scooper though.
Nice color coverage! No smelly ammonia!
The sleek look is great! I love the fact that there's different options for how long you'd like it to stay on. I recommend it to anyone.!keeps my home smelling so fresh! The timer works right on the dot and the fact you can change the colors on the light is great.
Dried my hair in about 10 mins, maybe less! I have very very thick hair and can easily spend 20 minutes a day blowing it dry. I'm in love. The matte black finish is pleasing to the eyes and its much quieter than my old conair one I've had for a decade.
Very happy with these.. My first time with velvet scrunchies and much easier to get the hair out of them.. They pull out easy without taking a lot of hair.. I like the nice muted colors..
Great texture after wash and air dry natural hair
I love bliss products and this one works nicely. leaves skin smooth. It is a bit harsh so im only going to use it maybe once a week vs. the 2-3 they suggest. over all nice product and cheaper then in drug stores
Works great especially after using a scrub face mask. But can use on entire body. Skin feels so much better
Like this powder because it doesn't settle into fine lines but does a good job at keeping the oil in my T-zone at bay for several hours. I usually have to touch-up halfway through the day, but my skin is like an oil slick so this stuff is great! I like the fact that it doesn't deposit any colour so it doesn't change the colour of my skin.
this primer is soft and keeps my eye shadow on all day. I ended up buying 8 more.
Just as advertised, and works well.
Product shipped timely and as expected. Packaged really well.
I bought this product based on all the great reviews because I was searching for quite some time for something that could get rid of my dark circles under my eyes as well as keep my skin hydrated. Well this product did just that, it helped calm my dirk circles and made my face soft and smooth. I will definitely be ordering more of these when I am near to run out. Don't hesitate to buy these, you won't be disappointed, you will be satisfied with the results.
I love buffers. This one is awesome. The quantity and quality, the files and the shine are great...
I am very pleased with it!
Great scissors! Cut nice. DON'T pull hair!
My husband has been using these for years and they work great.
The pre mix are convenient but really rather expensive for what you are getting. I premix the solution in my alcohol bottle and then refill the cleaning cartridge when needed. That way I do not have to worry about evaporation of the product. Have used it for several months and had NO issues. Also used similar product years ago when I had a self clean razor and the razor lasted a LONG time. Definitely will keep using.
They look and feel great! They may be a little hard to put on but once you know the trick you will not have any issues.
Great quality Razor Stand. I was looking for a razor stand that would fit my long handle safety razor and this fit the bill perfectly. The stand is sturdy and looks of quality with my razor attached. Highly recommend
Best brand I've used. The breathable material makes all the difference. Slightly more expensive but totally worth it!
Love this item, fits into the shape of your palm, although smaller then some of the other shaves about the five heads ensure a clean smooth shave. I have mobility problems so this is great, no pulling of hair, scratching of the skin, just a smooth shave. Easy to clean out the heads.
This is the perfect size that would fit in my purse! I purposely bought it for my trip and it seems to be working really well! I went to th beach and it was quite hot but lucky I had this refresher! It made me look cooled and ;) beautiful again!
Got it much faster than promised in perfect shape
Awesome products, great selection. Very easy to use and is way better than regular nail polish. With all the other gel products out there I'm really glad I did my research and went with gellen! Will continue to buy their products
My wife has a wig business and this really helps her. The height is just right.
This is a great set of files. Fantastic quality, very professional. Makes home manicures easy.
I use this pencil to fill in skimpy areas in the brow or cover whites or extend the brow. It blends in well with my eyebrows and is the right shade for me.
My favorite mascara now...Makes my lashes seem longer without the buildup under my eyes in creases...
This shampoo is amazing! I have been struggling with greasy roots for over a year now. If i ever let my hair air dry it would be a greasy mess i would have to blow dry and style it to make it look presentable. I did some research and this was recommended. I tried it last night let my hair towl dry and this morning it is so soft and amazing. Not greasy at all! This is exactly what my hair needed!!!! Note i do not have colored hair im not sure how it would work on colored hair since it does strip product in your hair. Also i used an expensive nice conditioner after using this shampoo to avoid dry hair
I don't normally like hair mask, but I like this one. I'm Not a fan of hair mask because of the way they feel when putting it in your hair but I like this one. It doesn't feel funny when putting it in the hair and it makes my dead hair feel super soft and silky. I know my hair is still dead but at least it doesn't feel like it after using this product.
I was worried to try the tape in. Ive used the clip in because me hair is very thin. The tape in has been so nice. I dont have to take them out at night, and they dont hurt and pull.
Great essential oil set. I bought it for my dad and he really like it.
Works perfectly. Same as expensive branded product at fraction of cost
This is the best color spray tan in a can! Easy to apply and lasts long.
I bought this cape to replace my old hair cutting gown. It is a great replacement, it is very easy to use and to clean,
Razor bumps are completely gone within a week!!
I wore this for a bold lip, rather than my regular makeup routine, for travel in Asia. The color is not too purple-y either
love everything about this... leaves your skin feeling soft and smooth
I love this cream. My skin feels softer than ever and I absolutely love knowing that what I'm putting on my skin is good for me. I will definitely be purchasing again.
Lasted 3 installs. Looked great!
Wonderful for their intended use. Really good value for money spent.
Good hair quality but tangly.
best shower mirror ive ever had
As described thank you. Nice fresh taste
for a synthetic wig its well worth it hair is thick and she is long great lace color also
Very nice kit, same as described, no allergic reaction, and well packed!
These replacement heads generally last a year. They are a well-engineered set of cutting edges that produce a nice close shave with the Norelco 9300 series wet/dry razor. They are worth the money and you only need to buy them once a year.
This product was excellent...very easy to work with and the packs were full. I used this for large box braids and it was plenty. I plan on purchasing again I bought the ombre purple and ombre blue
I have struggled with variable stubborn acne for years. When I first approached my doctor about the problem, they suggested switching to benzoyl peroxide wash rather than salicylic acid. Since then I have been using the benzoyl peroxide washes but found that I didn't enjoy the consistency, they dry my skin out excessively, they have a weird smell, and they bleach all my towels. THIS WASH IS DIFFERENT. Now, I wouldn't say that my face is miraculously clear or anything like that, but it's not getting worse. Why I give this 5 stars is because the smell is clean and not to overpowering, my skin has not been drying out, my towel has not bleached anything like it was before with the other washes, and it leaves my face feeling refreshed and clean. I would definitely recommend it to anyone. I also tend to have sensitive skin and bad reactions from many of the big brand sunscreens, toners, etc.
This product was an unexpected pleasant surprise. I just needed a small straightener for my beard and this exceeded my needs. I like the design, the box it comes in makes it easy to store. Also the complimentary oils it came with was appreciated.
this is great for travel!
Just received a few days ago so have only used a couple of times. But seems like the more you use it the longer the plump lasts.If you follow the instructions you won't bruise and it won't hurt. And the results last a few hours!
Love this product! I have very baby-fine hair that has no body or curl. Just a small amount of this makes my hair feel thicker without being sticky or heavy at all and holds a curl or wave much better now. Light, pleasant smell. Will definitely buy this again.
Love the compartments
Love this! Like the different speeds it offers and the extra long air cord. Use this compressor over the luminess compressor that I received with the kit I purchased.
Good choices of color in this set of dips. It was my first time trying this and I need more practice but I did ok on it. I can't wait to try French tips in the future. A little bit messy but expected with any powders. Great instructions too.
my sister put them in for me and it was easy to put in. Lighter than I expected and will buy again.
The instructions to this are really simple and straight forward, just make sure you have shaved prior to using it to prep the skin, also make sure you have checked your skin colour / hair colour to ensure it can be used for yourself. I can't say for how long the results last but it doesn't take long to get used to and as long as I keep up on the treatments it should be some much better than just normal shaving.
I really like this lamp is combined Uv and led. What I like best is that it's compact and doesn't take up a lot of room like some I've owned in the past. Its great value for the price. I would definitely buy again
This oil is great! I put a little in my face at night, it soaks right in and isn't oily at all!
I absolutely love this product. They are very easy to use, especially if you have arthritis or any other type of condition that makes it hard to use regular clippers. I wish I found this product sooner. I have told so many people about the EZ Grip Nail Clippers who are also very pleased with them.
Very soft on the skin and great conditioning for my lashes. Cleans very well.
Works great as a carrier oil for your essential oils. Perfect for those with skin sensitivities
It works perfect for my hair but unnecessary packaging
very clean face wash, gentle leaves no residue
This is an inexpensive brand compare to most top brands. These brush heads are medium soft perfect for kids. For this price I would recommend.
I swear I have 0 stretch marks after using this product. I used this product every night and a lotion during the day (since the oil did leave some coating i thought might stain my clothes). I've ordered this product twice now.
I use this product as a toner in my make up/skin care routine. I really like this product because it goes on light, dries quickly and really makes my face feel and look clean. So when I put on my foundation, it goes on incredibly smooth! I have combination skin, borderline oily (especially my T-zone) and it does a great job drying up the oil. So if you have super dry skin, this would still be okay, but pair with a stellar moisturizer! I would recommend. I'm excited to try the other products that they have as well!
This bamboo brush is excellent for long hair. It works as it's supposed too. Good weight to it. Not much else to say. Would recommend.
I like that the scent is not too sweet....just fresh smelling
Very Good! Currently my aunt asked me to buy a 0.5 mm skin care tool for her, she feels good and lets me write a review for other ones. She uses it on her face and neck 5-10 times per area. The micro needles are concentrated, a little pricking is normal. She used one week, feel wrinkle decreasing a little bit.
I received a sample and ended up buying the product because it lasts all day!
Love it, bought for my wedding. We all used it the night before.
It worked great for a new look.
WORK WELL IN BLACK LIGHT
MY BEST FRIEND LOOOVES THEM! They are REALLY pretty and they get the job done.
I've tried so many teeth whitening things and none worked. Charcoal, other whitening pastes, nothing worked. This seriously does make a significant difference.
This toothbrush is so elegant and beautiful! I was amazed when I first saw it. There are 5 modes suited to different needs, and an extra toothbrush head which I definitely will need. I recommend this toothbrush, easy to use, good quality, easy to carry around, good design.
I really really like this bottle!! They are thick! Not flimsy. And the sprayer works really well. Using these for my daughter's hair tonic. It works perfectly. I will definitely buy these again! Highly recommended!!!
Super impressive, can use them righty or lefty...goodness are they sharp!!!
So far I've been pleased with this marula oil. My aging skin is much drier than it used to be, so regular liquid moisturizers are inadequate. I also stay away from man made synthetic ingredients so this is perfect for me. I use it under make-up after letting it absorb in a bit and for night moisturizing. This comes in a 4 oz. amber glass pump bottle. I went to the health foods store and bought another amber glass 2 oz. bottle so I could keep 2 ounces and give the other 2 ounces to my mom. This oil is sensitive to light, so keeping it in an opaque bottle is essential. Will definitely purchase this Slice of Nature marula oil again!
Love this product. My skin gets very dry and flakey in the winter and I have tried lots of things to help including buying a humidifier for my room at night. However this mask works much better and I don't even need my humidifier anymore. Plus I can normally get 3-4 uses out of each container which makes the price much more reasonable
I will be ordering this again. It really makes a difference whether laying out in the sun or using a tanning bed. Smells great and get dark fast.
Made my crows feet, forehead lines and eye puffiness disappear in seconds. It's like a miracle in a bottle!
bought to give as a gift but it smells and looks amazing.
This is a very good product to keep my “mature” skin smooth and fresh looking. It dries non greasy and I have reordered.
Got this for the wife because the little peel and stick blackhead remover things don't work. This has good sucking power and actually works. You can Target what spot you need and not have to tear off skin on unwanted spots.
I've long been trying to get my hair back to it's more normal state after many years of dyeing and bleaching. It takes a lot of work, but I like using more natural products. Often times they smell a bit off, but not this! The tea tree gives it a great tingly sensation, but the lavender and mint make this what it is! Lavender is so calming so just using this in the shower is the best! From the first use I can already tell this is going to be a staple in my house!
I have naturally wavy and dry hair. I recently had a relapse of my dandruff problem and took a leap of faith with this product. I haven't had much luck with co-wash products before but this one has been AMAZING. There are no sulfates or silicons which is really important to prevent breakage. The coconut oil makes the formulation smooth like conditioner but it definitely cleans well and bubbles like shampoo. I don't have to use too much and I've noticed a real difference in how my scalp is flake free and my hair is softer in JUST 3 WASHES!! The other great part for me is that the conditioning isn't so thick that my hair gets oily. I am able to wait 3-4 days between washes vs. only 1-2 before. Definitely would recommend this!!!
Great and useful product. I especially liked the small mirror. Very cool !!! Highly recommended
This was a perfect gift! It came with all the accessories needed. The wax was easy to use. It's small so it's convenient for you to have at home for personal use. Absolutely love it! Saves me money on waxing in the privacy of my home.
I love how well made and easy to use they are! Everything included that I would need! Super fast shipping! Thank you!
2nd year of using this
I m in love with this thing make lashes very visible and thick - waterproof and looks very natural, Good buy
I love this product. The color is a good match and it goes on smooth. Even in the heat, it never runs. I like that it's not a pencil that needs sharpening.
Perfect wing everytime! It's as easy as it looks. I will order again.
Now I can do my own design
I like this product so much, very natural and clean.
Absolutely perfect straightener. Perfect temperatures and it turns off within a certain amount of time without using it on its own if you forget to turn it off. Heats up really fast, one of the best straighteners I've gotten in a really long time and especially for the price
This electric razor set is really attractive. I have only used the precision shaver attachment but it seems good. The facial brush seems nice and soft (but I have an ultrasonic one that I use already so I haven't tried it); everything came well packaged and there are clear instructions. You can charge this item through an included stand or the main unit itself, which I think is pretty convenient. For whatever reason, when I first plugged the unit into the outlet, it wouldn't charge. But after a minute or two of leaving it alone, it started up and it turns on just fine. I don't have any complaint right now.
Purchased for my Husband, His review: Just growing out my beard for the first time. This Kit contains everything you need to keep a beard looking great. Especially like that the oil is unscented. Very surprised at the high quality based upon the cost. Excellent product
I have been buying this cologne for sometime now and love it. I get compliments all the time.
Love it!!! Covers well, feels good on your face. Reasonably priced and does a good job.
This cream, used right after washing my face or showering and before bed, holds the moisture in. It works for me.
My wife loves this body butter, it worked great on her dry skin. The Key Lime butter is not greasy and leaves no oily residue. She has been using it for about a month now on her face and arms. No special routine, she applies in the morning and at night like I would any other moisturizer, she calls it a real "Miracle Cream".
my barbershop used to have this stuff, when they ran out, i found it on amazon, the best ever
Excellent product! I'm really happy about the results, very easy to use and no problem at all
I needed these for a large travel group. Work well with a standard tooth brush.
Just the perfect oil massage for any pleasure
Great to replace conditioner. Doesn't leave hair oily at all.
My daughter is brushing her own hair now and no tears. She won't use any other brush now.
But I ordered it by accident!
Light smell, but not over powering. The base coat is great to make sure your gels stick. The top coat helps with keeping your mani chip free. Nice and super shiny. Sleek and elegant 10ml packaging which makes me feel fancy. Gorgeous wooden caps that are easy to hold.
Just as expected. Very nice!
Great diffuser. Though it's small it definitely can light up a room with the light it emits. Wish it came with oil(s).
The Derma Roller works well. It seems to be stimulating my collagen.
I like this color and brand - lasts long.
Awesome product! It's the first tim a natural deoderant was comparable to the alternative . I've also tried the tea tree and loved it! I prefer the sensitive skin formula because the others gave me a rash.
Beautiful kit glad I bought It !
Good taste, and works
The 3 magnet system works really well! After a year of wearing eyelashes extensions I developed an allergy and these magnetic lashes look just as good as my extensions used to without the glue!
Awesome shaver, I've always did wet shave until I found this Alternative. it is as close as you can get when it comes to electric shaver very happy with it would buy it again if this one broke down. Very well-made product FYI..
Great Package deal. They seem very sturdy as I have incredibly thick hair. My two favorite are the paddle brush and the regular hair brush. It gets all of my tangles out easily. I love the color as well. I use the opposite end of the fine tooth comb to get the hair back out of the brushes and it works fairly well. The wide tooth comb works really well on wet hair but I usually try and let my hair air dry first.
I wanted something small for our bedroom and this is perfect.
I just had twins, so my hair is in a permanent state of messy ponytail/bun/braids. Throwing one of these on makes me look as if I'm slightly put together for those times I venture out into public.
Just as described, fits on my sonic toothbrush!
This product is better than any expensive eye make up in large stores. Will purchase again
very black and comes off easy
If you have large pores, this is for you! I use this loose powder version instead of the pressed compact because one drop of that compact and the pressed powder shatters into really unusable bits. I wish it wasn't so — I'd love to have one for my purse. The loose powder is magic enough — photographs great, pores disappear, can powder over and over and it never gets funky. I'm usually good with one brush of powder all day but have added on hot days or before going out after work if in a hurry. I'll never try another powder. Five Platinum Stars!
Love this face wash!! Organic ingredients. I even use it on my hands for more youthful looking skin.
I have such long hair that I can't find a detangler that does the job. This spray is amazing!! A few squirts when you get out of the shower and I can brush right through it. Keeping this on my list for sure.
A small squeeze is more than enough for total coverage and gentle but thorough cleansing. Pleasantly but not overly scented.
I highly recommend and love these bath bombs! They are awesome and smell amazing. A set of six different scents and colors. The colors are bold and the scents are so good. Good for present
This shampoo and conditioner set does give my hair more volume than other natural shampoos. I'm happy with the ingredients and feel good about my daughters using the products.
This polish cured well and stayed for almost 2 weeks. Only downfall is that it's a little thin so it takes quite a few coats to get it fully opaque
This works for a great deep clean. It hurts a bit to pull it off because it does pull on fine hair but my face feels so smooth after.
This dryer brush is amazing. Because I bleached my hair in the past, my hair has been super frizzy after blow drying for quite some time now. After buying this product my hair is so sleek and smooth after using. My hair is about an inch past my shoulders and it works super fast a blowing dry and works better than my flat iron. I was skeptical at first but this really works! So happy with my purchase!
Great for my daughters hair, doesn't build up or cause hardness. Not greasy, ,simply a nice styling product.
Good quality set. My wife says they will do the trick.
Love this oil! I use it on my natural hair or as shown in my pictures, I also use it to oil and massage my scalp during my protective styles. Definitely soothes my dry and itchy scalp.
These are great! They even curl. I have had them for 2 months on and they hold on pretty well. They look natural. They curl well with the curling iron. When I go to the hair salon the hair stylist ask me where I bought it as they look just like my hair and hold style well. I took them off once. They were easy to take off and re tape.
Perfect for distributing the weight of the camera so that it's not too heavy around your neck. I had a hand strap for years and loved it. But having to put the camera down to make adjustment to the subject was inconvenient at times due to the shooting location. With this strap, I can just swing the camera around to my side and it's right there when I ready for it again.
Allows foundation to be applied smoothly. Does as expected. Good product and will purchase again.
Very nice texture and doesn't make your lips feel weird. Smells great too!
I really like this face brush. It's very easy to handle,easy to clean.It has different vibrational frequencies that can be used to wash your face or massage it.I like to use it to massage after I wash my face. It's a very nice product.
Works wonderfully. So small and manageable. It glides thru my hair and creates a straightness to my hair that I love! I have light and wispy hair so this helps my hair lay flat just like I want it to.
Smells nice, goes on clean. I don't smell like a forrest or some teenage "This will get the girls" over the top scents. Smells masculine yet mature to me. My wife doesn't have any complaints and she is quite willing to let me know if she doesn't like what I smell like :)
I LOVE these for eyelash extensions. They are clean and sanitary but reusable. Now I have a ton, but atleast it's a ton of amazing ones! Lol
Daughter is in nail school and LOVES this brush. Will buy more.
After installing in razor, it made it brand new.
Perfect, not too hard and not too soft.
Works for me and my friend
It works!! I am comfortable sleeping with it on. I got up after the first night of using it and could see the difference.
tremendous results after one month use, very happy with this product, light non sticky liquid, my friend started using after seeing my results and she saw results after 3 weeks every night use
Love love love have tried expensive eyeliner that says waterproof ha this eyeliner stays on not always on waterline if you have a lot of tears in your eyes or a cold/allergies. If you put it on let dry and reapply it last a lot longer. If you eyes are always tearing nothing is going to work but honestly do you want something going in your eyes anyway? Just learn to live with it🤗
These are really good combs. The tines are not sharp so they don't scratch. They appear well made and I recommend this product 100%.
Not a blade but a series of needles lined up which is a lot less scary for a non-professional. Very effective as well.
Nice pair of leggings. Very comfortable. I haven't wash them yet but they seem safe. If not, I'll update.
I haven't been using it very long I like the smell of the shampoo and the conditioner it seems to be working and doing what it's supposed to do I'll keep you informed on my progress and yes a coupon would be nice thank you
This is solid, stable, and works well for how I use it.
This stuff is fantastic! It also works as a face and hand cream, and adds back a lot of elasticity and health to my skin.
As described and packaged well. Used for traveling with small amounts of drawing inks. No leaks yet.
Loved the buildable coverage. It was true to match. Love the look I get. I have dry skin and this was perfect. I get a flawless look.
I absolutely am completely impressed by this! Not only is it friendly to my little ones curls, but it cleans him without leaving him feeling dry. The fact that this is natural is a big happy point for me as his momma because I don't want to wash him in chemicals. The smell is pleasant, a little goes a long way so I don't see running out of this in a couple weeks. And the pump dispenser is absolutely handy.
My daughter likes it because it doesn't come off when she washes her hands. Comes off easily with alcohol.
Works, reliable, great settings, no issues. Arrived in record time.
I'm so happy I ordered this file. I soaked my feet in epsom salt for 10 minutes Before using the foot file. I have a pesky callus that I've been trying to get rid of. This file did it in one treatment. Now all I have to do is maintain.
Arrived early smells great
Believe it or not..but it does work. I love it. I even bought it for my friends and they love it too.
Very nice case that all the tools are enveloped in. Everything is secure during transport. Nail clippers work very well along with angled scissors. All pieces seem made of durable material as well.
Wow! These are great eyelashes! So easy to put on, don't even feel them and they look pretty natural, not super long but that's how I like them
Great product, easy to use! Best function is included timer that insures adequate brushing time.
It's so smooth and works well.
Very sharp works great. Feels high quality!
this is the best product i have use to date and is better than the andis T-liner it makes better lines and a more clean cut i just got this today and zero gap the blade with the on the money 10 second zero gap tool and you can ear when the hair is been cut and does not get hot like the andis T-liner i had to return, i realy recomend this.
I really enjoy this product, it's great. I hate going to go get my nails done. I like how this product allows me to stay home and do my own nails and it helps me relax after a long day at work and bring a mom...
I'm a makeup artist and I use these often! Great quality for the price!
The omega logo sticker comes off very easily and I'm glad I purchased this shave soap brush, this item was on my wish list for a long time because I wanted a solid black handle, after reading reviews I saw nothing that mentioned the sticker can easily be removed if I had I would have purchased this brush months ago, some people like badger hair but I like boar hair which is this brush it's much stiffer and lathers soap more efficiently
Works perfectly and is much prettier in person. Will be buying again for gifts.
What I said in my headline covers it all.
Runs quiet but cuts close - and never cuts my neck!
This shaver is the very very best shaver I have used,I do miss the small trimmer for sideburns ,but I have another shaver that fits the bill,no problem ,works very well
I love how it feels. And the porcelain is a perfect match for me.
doesn't make my eyes run - really like it and will reorder
Love that it holds my thick hair and medium length hair better than any other band. Love that it doesn't hurt my head to tie and get out, but it secures my maneuver of hair. It seems super fashionable - though my husband keeps pointing out it looks like I'm wearing a telephone cord on my head. It serves its purpose and more!
Made my lines precise
Best Amazon hair! Very affordable. No real shedding, and this usually happens because I dont tie down my hair. But even when I didnt tie my hair down, no shedding occured. Easily detangles with a big detangle brush! Water makes better curls. Just add moose or hairspray for styling! Will order again!
Stable operation, low noise, enough to shave, beard, beard, and hair. I can shave my hair at home in the future! The quality design is also great, with adjustable buttons to adjust the length of the hair. Very satisfied and trustworthy merchant.
This boldify is my new best friend! ❤️
Excellent Eyelash Serum that has the ingredients that penetrate one's hair follicles to stimulate brow and lash growth. It also moisturizes and conditions eyelashes keeping one's eyelashes from also being dry that keeps eyelashes healthier including keeping eyelashes stronger. It's like by not putting on hair conditioner on one's hair unless it's very oily that keeps one's hair healthier including moisturizing one's hair so it doesn't become dry and brittle that with eyelashes it keeps one's eyelashes healthier. It's ingredients stimulates eyelashes and eyebrows to grow. Also must use as directed in it's instructions on applying on one's eyelashes and eyebrows.
I love love love this moisturizer because it actually works. I use it at the end of my skincare routine and it doesn't feel sticky to my skin at all. it has a light application and smells great. I use it twice a day for my morning and night time routine.
Exactly as shown in the image, and the soap smells awesome.
A nice light mist that does a solid job of setting makeup. Dries quickly.
like it as day cream
Works so much better than the standard water bottle! Has a continuous mist.
Very light and it worked in South America during a 4 week long trip. Definitely has a lot of strength. My sister, niece and I were very glad to have this!
I love this product; however, I received this product and it was half full. It was packaged in a box that was too small and probably a heavier package fell on it and crushed it and (despite the bubble wrap) when I opened the box there was hand sanitizer all over everything. I tried to return it, I read that it was not returnable. You would think the company would send a replacement.
So soothing! These under eye patch are made of a cooling material. Each pair is saturated in liquid so they are super moisturized when you take them out of the package. Very impressed with the ingredients, natural and high quality. They helped with my under eye bags and fine lines. Definitely recommend these!
I love this its whiten my teeth so much. It gets messy but you see the difference almost instantly. Best whitening product I've found so far.
The serum is light and cool. It is non-greasy which is what I love most about it. I will be ordering again once I run out.
I've been using this wrinkle reducer for YEARS. Instant results, last for quite a few hours. Put a tiny bit on your fingertip and dab-dab-dab it on exactly where you want it - don't overdo it or it looks too painted-on and won't blend into your skin nearly as well. None of the expensive products I've wasted money on even come close to these results, albeit temporary. Amazon has the best price I've found by about $3.00 less! One thing, however...if I use perfumed skin cream on my face over this product, it stings a little...alcohol maybe?
Hey, it's oil. What else can I say? OK, I like it.
I just tried and I think it worked very well. It was a little pain but not too much. It can remove the mole very quickly. But I think it still take some time to recover completely. Good product!
So cute! My daughter loves it!
Great product and price
Bought this as a gift - nice and sturdy
Excellent consistency. It goes on very smooth and gently. The healing and antibacterial properties of the herbs offer a little peace of mind, when the tattoo is fresh. It also smells great. I tried this, and Hustle Butter. I found Hustle Butter to be a little too firm, and it pulled on the skin a little, when I spread it, unless it really warmed up first.
This lotion is very expensive but it's my grandmother's absolute favorite product and I buy her a bottle every christmas. it's always her favorite thing in her stocking!
So far used it twice, both time dried pretty fast, item is compact thus I just placed on it a computer desk while watching YouTube, it's not a professionally nail dryer but can't complain for daily use at home especially with the price
So cute they are easy to install and don't fall off they are also easy to straighten I love them
this foot peel is the bomb It worked really quickly and was very effective at clearing off the dead skin. After using this product my feet really were baby soft. It is both amazing an disgusting at the same time!
This cologne has always been a favorite of mine. It's on the softer sweeter side for men.
I always have an issue with my wired earphone while I am listening to the music and I can't charge my iPhone. So basically this Bluetooth headphone is my life saver. It comes with the very nice package and all the accessories included. I can use the headphone while charging my phone and it is so convenient for my work out!
Works great!! Even worked on hairs that were a little longer!! No pulling or irritation noted from use!! Great product for the money would definitely recommend to friends and family!!
I love it it makes my face so soft i have sensitive skin and very dry skin this thing takes it off and makes my face sooo soft I will buy again it is worth the money love how little it is it fit in my hand awesome. Thanks came on time
I love this stuff! I've tried many different self tanners, both natural and not. This is the best.
This cream is great. I have used this item for three weeks, evening applications. The dark spots on my nose and cheeks are beginning to fade. The size of this jar is an excellent value for the money. The cream is thick, but is smooth and soft when applied to my skin.
Great quality for a great price
It does everything it promises, and keeps my skin hair free for a much longer period of time than my old shaver.
Have had a fun time with the lip plumper. It works well on the lips, but love the feel when I use it on my face. Face glows afterwards.
I am very happy with this purchase. The brushes are so soft and perfect for blending. The smell went away after a day! I loved this set so much, I purchased some brushes from the same company for my mother's birthday. Wonderful brush set for the price.
Hair is sooo soft after this
Very sharp, cuts well with no splintering. The file is good but I prefer the swing out. These really are good cutters!
This had rave reviews so I had to try. I've used it weekly for about 4 weeks and noticed a big difference in my pores and overall skin tone.
Wanted something that was gentler on my thinning, weaker hair than what I was using to prevent breakage. It's a nice brush & works well. As many said, the bristles are not long enough to go through all of the hair, but that really wasn't my goal, as I brush on top, then underneath, I just needed something gentler overall. The wooden comb works well on my wet hair.
So this did really work for what I used it for: deep conditioning and hot oil treatments. The fit was just right. Not too tight, nor too loose. I feel it did a great and comfortable job of helping my conditioner soak into my hair as intended. Love everything about this bonnet hair dryer!!
These polishes are really good! A bit on the thick side. 1 coat will do for the darker shades. They play well with other brands and glitter! Do note that the colors are not exactly as shown in the photo... They aren't very far off, but not the same. I would buy from them again for sure!
Colors are GORGEOUS!! Lots of sparkle too!!
I always been using manual toothbrush but recently my teeth getting worst each year that I had do deep cleaning this year. My Dentist recommended me try out electric toothbrush, I found this on amzon with descent price work same as brand name but half of value.
This is a really neat product. It is way better than my plain flat irons.
I bought this for my daughter, (Christmas) to darken and define her light eyebrows
It relates ou eves my arthritis pain in my hands and neck and shoulders, actually about anywhere I use it. I use the ginger and clay ,it works the best for me.
I use this everyday and it works great! It lengthens my lashes and they look great!
I am highly allergic to pearl and glitter shadows. Also allergic to blue eyeshadows which include pinks, mauve and plum, which limits my choices. This is all matte, no underlying blue hues. I went through some pretty expensive cosmetics before finding this.
My hair was dry and brittle. My scalp was burning due to over processing. The Shea Moisture products stopped the burning and the conditioner added softness to my hair.
The bristles are soft. I like the little message roller. Dry brushes are good too. Easy to attach and detach the brush stick.
The effect is good, tearing off some of the rubbish in the pores, especially clean and the adsorption is particularly strong, the taste is also very good, very comfortable, not very painful when torn
I obviously love this product this is my fourth time buying it from Amazon how about a free one next time
The crowns worked perfectly for our 7th grade pageant winners. They sparkle, shine, and fit the budget.
Love these masks! They leave my face feeling nice and smooth. I noticed a difference within the first time after using it. Great deal as well!
Found this cheaper for purchase and easier to find
Always get compliments when I wear this!! Smells amazing! I'm 24 year old male. Would never buy cologne
I love that the bristles are well separated and long.
Great quality, can use low heat on wig!
I am not a mole person, but if you've wondered what it is like to be an albino, then this is the wig for you! do some airbrushed makeup and slap in some colored contacts and the illusion is complete! Hissing at the sun is now socially acceptable for us mole people living above ground!
So easy to use. Use it as part of my routine for clear skin. Charges pretty quick
This works very well with removing powder and gel nails. But be careful.
arrived quickly. seems to be ok. havent used it enough yet to know if it works for hair loss or not.
I really like this trimmer. It holds a charge for a long time, fits great in my hand, the different heads are super easy to change and I love that it's pink! Charges pretty quickly, does a great job on all my trimming needs!
This product is so cheap that I cant believe at first but yeah! It is so effective!
Bright light. Love the brilliant white light it puts off and is cool to the touch. It comes with the hardware to hang it too. It also has a nice feature where you can plug them in to each other to make a row of light. Very nice. The cord could be a little longer but for my application it was just right!
The Bath Bomb Gift Set is displayed nicely in a plastic tub. The bath bombs look great with dried petals within each one. I would like to try them myself ... but it is a gift for my teenage son's girlfriend. It is a bit top-heavy but all I needed to do was nest it in tissue paper in a gift bag and it is perfectly secure.
Easy to use. Applies evenly and stays on. Excellent for people not skilled in eye brow pencil application. This was perfect! Well worth the price. My husband even said my eyebrows looked good!
Excellent deodorant. Love that it's all natural and aluminum free! Great smell! I would recommend this deodorant to anyone!
How I made it this far in life without a kit for my camera phone is beyond me. I have so many options with this kit that I find myself wondering what to do first. I love taking photos but, I have never captured a good photo on my phone. Actually, the whole camera and phone is so foreign to me with all it's apps. I recently had 2 strokes and the phone is completely foreign to me. There is too much going on with the phone, and maybe someday I will respect it but, currently it just confuses me. My love of photography is the only reason I mess with the phone at all, it took a long time to recover and eventually, your friends stop coming around or calling you. I wanted a tripod with a remote control and this kit gave me two tripods. The remote is important to me so I can be in the picture too. All our photos are almost all of them with me behind the camera. I am excited to work with the different telescopes to take different types of pictures. There are so many ways you can get a great photo, close-up or far away. Right now I am using it to sell things on Ebay. The only thing I would change about this kit is adding a selfie stick. Then you will have the complete package.
Great value and quality.
I am very happy with this product. The design is very appealing and the grip makes it impossible for my fingers to slide. They are very sharp and I hope to get many years of use from them.
Omg I really love this. It's beautiful and it fits all my brushes perfectly even the ones that are really long. It looks so fancy and expensive. Don't think just buy you won't regret it.
I like it because the charge stays longer than most.
These are great! I'm a huge fan of matte liquid lipsticks and I have to say these are all I will buy from now . I usually buy nyx but these are just the same for half the price! The colors are true to pics.
Lasted much longer then I thought it would.
LOVE! These fake lashes. They are natural looking and work great!
I love these shades! They are very pigmented, and glide on nicely. One coat is all that I technically need, but two gives me gorgeous depth. These are shimmery and pretty unique. If you like a little sparkle and a good polish this is an excellent option. Sinful Colors lasts awhile on me, and the color selection is great. Highly recommend!
I found out my color is toffee caramel. I tested on my chest and it blended in my skin.
I've probably had 10 of these, my daughters and I use this blow dryer for our hair. The combs are the best, I always order more of them. Please don't change this product it's perfect for our hair.
I love this hair it had no smell. When I first got it I thought it was a little short but after I colored it's true to length showed. It took the color very well. I keep it up with tresemme. I love it will be ordering again.
Really good and strong glue
Delivered early, very beautiful, perfect size and no damages on the table. Had only two dirty marks but clean them off with my finger. I wished it was a little wider but honestly it's a perfect table.
I am a 39 years old woman with occasional cystic acne on my chin. I only have small areas of occasional cystic acne. This spot treatment is not a miracle, but it works in reducing the inflammation! When I feel a zit coming on, I apply this 3-4 times a day to the spot for a few days and it reduces the cyst size and makes it less painful. I used an over-the-counter staff before, like benzoyl peroxide, but it dries my skin so bad. Puriderma Acne Spot Treatment is very gentle and will not irritate your skin. Give it a try!!!
I feel fancy when I use this. The only downside for me is that it smells like sunscreen.
I'm a guy, not too artsy, and this stuff was perfect. Easy to work with, dries fast, and it stayed on through the Halloween party all night. I received big compliments from the 10 minutes of time it took to glue and hide the seams of 2 horns added to my forehead.
Tames frizzy hair, smells great and makes your hair so soft and shiny! Love this stuff.
A complete set with everything you need. the black stainless steel looks great. Love this set so much, perfect for a gift or treating yourself. really good quality. For the price, best value with all the tools you get.
I have many many doTERRA oils!! Now they're all together organized!
These are super comfortable to hold with the ergonomic finger holes, and are nice and sharp. Not to mention very nice looking. The one con if I had to list one is the pivot. I trim my own beard with these, and need to flip them over to do the left side of my chin. In doing so, I often catch a hair in the pivot pin. Not a big deal, just a minor pain. Clearly not designed for this kind of use, and it very well could just be me! Regardless, I'm happy with them.
I wear heavy-duty makeup to hide a skin condition. Two full droppers are enough to melt all my makeup off, without needing to do anything else. The smell is heavenly. Love this product!
Works great and the price can't be beat! Very satisfied.
Smells delicious. Haha. But seriously my girlfriend loves it.. Only the packaging from the company was very disappointing.
Really nice product, I would recommend this to a friend. Great Company.
I've used multiple oils and products on my beard but nothing works nearly as good as this
With trepidation, with no expectation of good results, I ordered the shampoo and conditioner. My hair, thin and limp was now badly permed in a failed attempt to add body and volume. So....although it is a bit pricey, I bought it. It is the only shampoo that I use now. My hair is in much better condition and it looks and feels bouncier, fuller, and healthier. I am currently on my second bottle . I was able to throw away all the other expensive, highly-touted brands cluttering my bathroom shelves.
I love that there are so many varieties of scents. Reasonable price!
Like the led light, allows me to makeup in low light conditions, just what I needed, I like more light for my age.
I recently purchased the Bikini Soft Coconut Oil & Sugar Shave set and was excited to give it a try. I like smooth legs and I've been shaving everyday since I started shaving as a teen. After getting into the shower and opening the sugar scrub the first thing I noticed was the very pleasant, but not too heavy, scent of coconut...immediately brought me the white sand beaches of Hawaii...a great way to start any morning! After exfoliating my legs for several seconds I rinsed thoroughly to make sure I didn't get any leftover granules stuck in my razor blade. From there I applied a very small amount of Bikini Soft Coconut Oil (a small amount goes a very long way...especially because your legs will already have a thin layer of oil on it remaining from the sugar scrub). After applying the oil, I shaved regularly using the razor I'd been using for several weeks in the shower (I don't change blades too frequently and this was NOT a new blade). Because I was using oil I was extra careful to make sure I thoroughly rinsed my razor so as not to clog it up with any remaining oil. Running my hands over my legs to see if I missed any spots I immediately noticed how much smoother my legs felt than with my typical method of shaving cream. After exiting the shower and drying off, I went to put a bit of moisturizing lotion on my legs which is what I normally do post shave/shower...again I was struck by how soft and smooth my legs felt...honestly I could have skipped the moisturizing process entirely as my legs already felt silky soft and smooth but old habits die hard and I always figure more moisture is better than not enough! The true test came when I went to change for bed and ran my hands across my legs...the smooth and soft feeling lasted all day ! A few days later I used the same process to shave my bikini line and underarms...same results and more importantly...no annoying razor burn! I love this new method of shaving and I love the smell of Bikini Soft !
Came quickly and good stuff
GREAT! My husband absolutely loves how well this product works. And having all the different attachments makes it easy!
I love it and its easy to use.
Love the rose gold color of them and how cute the packaging is. They came super quick and are Absoulty amazing.
These are great, especially for the price! My husband misplaces tweezers all the time, so it was great to get a pack of 3!
Second time buying this product is totally worth it because of its quality.
Good quality! Comfortable to wear!
I am very fair/pale so I am not sure if all skin tones would be able to do what I am doing (without visible white residue) since the product is completely white... I have been mixing this powder into my setting powder (which has a very light tint) and I LOVE the matte finish it provides while also protecting my skin. I am honestly surprised I haven't read about this idea more. It is a win-win for mattifying/oil control as well as a safe sunscreen. I imagine you could mix this in any kind of foundation or face powder as well.
Loved this product!!! Arrived just on time and in great condition! Ordered this to help me with my acne scarring, and so far its doing great!
I am really loving this make up mirror and after a few days it has changed my make up routine for the better. My primary reason for buying was to use the 2X and 3X magnifying mirror along with LED lights as my bedroom light is very dim and my eyesight is not as good as it used to be. The mirror met my expectations so personally I recommend it. The features such as LED lights can be easily dimmed as initially the lights are quite bright.
It was one of the oils I wanted and am very happy with it.
Fell in love with this at a local salon and was so happy to be able to find it online.
Being African-American, my hair/scalp is naturally dry and I can't wash it more than once a week or it becomes brittle. Maui Moisture is the first shampoo in a long time to help hold the moisture until the next time I can wash my hair. Really happy I found it.
My Panasonic shaver recently died on me so I thought I would give this a try. The shaver comes with 3 different attachment heads: shaver, electic face brush, and massager. I personally like having one less thing on my counter. The attachments are very easy to swap out and it was packaged very nicely. Really digging the rose gold/blush color. The shaver is a single speed which applies to both the brush and massage heads. I find the speed to be adequate for both. Tip: After using the brush attachment with a wet face product/cleanser, remove it from the base handle to dry. This will prevent water from getting trapped under the head and funky smells.
Received my package today. So far so good. The hair is very soft and true to length. No smell. Closure is kind of thin but for what I paid, I am very impressed! Haven't decided whether to install or make a wig.. very happy with my purchase! Plus I got 2 free gifts!
I love the scent. It is a sweet smell but light. The only complaint I would have is that it isnt thick lotion so might not be great for dry skin in the winter.
This straighter surprised me with how fast it heated. It's perfect for fixing those tiny strays and fly-aways. And super convenient to pack for trips - no longer traveling with my old massive straighter!
I love this pack, it's amazing. So much variety for an excellent price. I've been using Miss Kiss lashes for over a year and they are my favorite.
My girlfriend has thick hair and normally breaks most brushes she buys. This one has held up so great. I highly recommend to any girl/guy that wants a very strong and sturdy brush!
Great product! Had to watch a video to figure out exactly how to do it. Seems to work well will update once I've used it more.
Exactly as described at a good price
I've been searching for the right oil to put in my hair. The ends of my hair damage and dry out super easily even though I take excellent care of it and use only the most natural and simple things on my hair. I've tried jojoba oil and coconut oil for my ends, but both weighed down my hair even in small amounts which doesn't look great on my already thin hair, and both didn't seem to moisturizer my hair for long....But now this. THIS. My hair does not get weighed down by it and my damaged ends feel soft and silky all day! No greasy look either as long as I apply small amounts. In the mornings I'll just apply to my dry ends and voila, no dryness, no frizz, I could play with my hair all day and I love how it looks. I've waited my whole life for this. THE ONE. Update-I started mixing it with tea tree and vitamin E oil to apply on my face and it has really improved my skin and acne better than jojoba oil in this mixture.
High quality! Looks like ones you find in bridal shops for $100+. Only draw back is there is no comb attachment so you have to figure out a way to keep it taught on your head.
I really noticed firmer facial skin after one week which surprised me. It does a better job than my Este Lauder which shocked me. This leaves a slightly sticky film for a few minutes, but it does go away. I've never recommended a product on-line before, but I surely recommend this product.
Love the smell and it feels great on the skin. Skin isn't as itchy and dry after using this product. Small drop does the job since its a good consistency to it.
Really impressed with the quality of these brushes. These came in a cute canvas holder however it go dirty quick because of the makeup. But the brushes themself are amazing. They are so soft but have a decent amount of firmness to them holding make up on them well. I only used for eyeshadow, bronzer and the eyebrow comb, but all work well.
Loved that it was cheaper than Walmart and delivered to me!
Love the smell of this shampoo! Leaves my hair feeling so soft and clean!
This is the best mean groomer I have tried easy to use the battery life is very long awesome for hard-to-reach places like your back so you don't look like a gorilla when you go to the gym
Smells amazing. Made a great gift for my family for Christmas.
This oil is incredible. I live by the ocean and using this has noticeably reduced my frizziness, and my hair feels so healthy. My hair is wavy and kind of thin, but this doesn't weigh it down at all. I try to use it after every shower but even on days I don't apply it, my hair seems to be more maintained. Would recommend for all hair types
They are great quality and a great color variety. I don't need any other bows that we've previously purchased because there is a color for everything in this set!
This is really amazing. I just bought it on a trial basis. I didn't expect it to work so well. First of all, it has heating function, fast speed, moderate temperature, and then it has a great attraction. It's really unspeakable to watch black heads coming out of the nose.
What I love most about the exfoliating brush is that it's super easy to clean. Every time I use it I don't feel it getting dirtier from all my skin getting stuck in there.
I have found it difficult to find this type of hand soap anymore. Bath and Body seems to be carrying foaming hand soap. I love it and the smell is awesome.
The lower price was great
Product is amazing and makes my hair so soft.
Product was great. Glad I purchased it !! Works as Designed/Intended
I really like this pencil. It goes on easy and stays sharp. It doesn't seem to last as long though. I will have to tray another color as the black is sometimes too dark.
Very close to the Aventus scent. I liked it so much that I bought the 4 oz refill bottle. Would buy other scents from this company if they are as good as this! Cost way less than the real thing.
I can easily just take them off and move them if I make a mistake and place it wrongly. Its quality is very good and stays firm when being put on.
Wonderful easy to clean shaver. It's more cost effect to buy this new then just getting new blades. Shaver washes under tap water so cleaning has been greatly improved over older styles.
Daughter was very happy to receive these
A little sticky but I do feel like it's very helpful.
I've used this product for nearly 70 years. It still works great, and it's not over priced from advertising.
The product was very effective for the purpose of protecting very long hair from water. I used the shower cap to cover my hair on rollers and other treatments when in the shower.
Works great and can easily be clipped to match other toes. You have to put the glue on both the toe nail AND the fake nail, then apply. The nails stayed on for over 2 weeks!
I change blow dryers all of the time and this one is my new favorite. It's powerful, has a long cord, and is easy to use. I highly recommend this product for any hair stylist!
5 stars! Great product, mine came in great condition and seriously holds a lot! Perfect for a Hairstylist like me.
For the price, you can't beat it. It's a little heavy but it protects great and you only need powder. No foundation. I really like it.
Looks natural and elegant
Love this product, leaves hear soft and shiny
Love the scent! Works great on my fingers, Will buy again.
Equal to or better than other, more expensive brands!
I got exactly what I wanted with this product. I needed to add SPF to my morning routine when I became a dog walker, but I have combination skin and HATE the feeling of product sitting on my face. This moisturizer is light enough to not feel greasy but fortifying enough to keep my skin protected and hydrated. It absorbs super fast and leaves no white cast or stickiness. I'm about halfway through the tube now and can confidently say that the texture of my skin is much smoother and feels more supple, and I look forward to applying it knowing I'll be protected from the sun!
Works great in wet or dry hair
I've just used it for a couple of times and I would say I really like it. I like the cool feeling as rolling it on my face. And I was amazed how my face looked better. I believe it works as like we do exercise for our faces. I roll it at night after washing and face moisture. I spend each side of face and neck for 5 min while watching YouTube for entertainment. Easy relaxing at the end of the day. I've never thought this thing like this can work. When I were trying to find solution for skin problem, I decided to give this a try and happy with it ^^
I've tried all types of face washes, and tried other methods to get rid of the oil around my nose and pores. But they don't work.So coming across this product I wasn't too enthusiastic, however it surprises me. It actually pulls out the blackheads from the skin! Got so excited, It works and leaves your pores feeling fresh. What's more, opening your pores with a warm towel, dry, and then use the device. Finish with cold water to close your pores.I recon consistent use will keep my nose and pores in good beautiful working order.
It works much more smoothly than pencils. Easy to apply. Stays on.
For the first time, I purchased a suit and used it strictly according to the instructions. I belong to mild patients, which is effective. The spray cream and bright nails were used together for three days. The feet were not itchy and the grey nails were not deteriorated at present. Sooner or later, continue to use, a month later to review.
This electric facial brush wash face very comfortable, I wash my face feeling very clean and brush is very soft. Good quality , I really like it.
I've been using this stuff non-stop for about 5 or 6 years. I've tried the other Yes To products, which were okay but not my favorites, but once I tried this I was hooked. I have fairly good skin, a little dry in some areas, and I might break out here and there every once in a great while, but otherwise pretty good, and this stuff has worked perfect for me for years. For being a mostly natural product based in the U.S. it is such an affordable option as well. It's gentle enough that I use it everyday, but also has the prefect amount of beads to feel like all the grime is getting nicely scrubbed away, leaving my skin feeling clean and fresh. I love this stuff and will continue using it every night.
Absolutely the best mirror I ever purchased. Easy to take along for travel, lightweight and rear magnification.
I love it !! It works soo good ！I highly recommend this facial steamer to anyone looking for facial steamer.
Works great! If you don't have one I would highly recommend buying one!
Fave perfume from highschool and it still is
This key chain is so cute. My daughter attached it to her purse.
this file blows a ped egg out of the water !!!
Just love the way it makes my eyes stand out! I have very thin eye lashes and this works great to make them look full and not clumpy
Loved this gem for all my toiletries and more. I organized all my hair essentials, hair products, combs+brushes, toothbrushes, etc. it fit so many items I was amazed and pleased.
This cream feels so soothing and moisturizing on the skin without being greasy, and has a very pleasant scent that is not old lady or perfume smelling.
This is the best face cream I have ever used. Super lightweight, smells good, and makes my skin dewy and soft.
I am not sure why Maybelline discontinued this color
I've noticed a difference in my skin! Just ordered more.
Love it. Will be ordering again. This is a great priced concealer that could pass as a high end brand
I liked the fact that the cream came with a mini applicator so I didn't have to bother getting this on my hands. The applicator allowed a smooth spread across the skin and just after using it a few times I'm already feeling a difference on my skin. It's also help fade away some of my acne scars that are coming up
We always keep this one on hand, especially this time of year. Great brand, great product.
I love this product because it leaves your hair with a fresh scent while at the same time it makes your hair soft and silky as well as.
These little pads have worked surprisingly well. I will order again. My face is normally oily so I break out often and I am in my late 40's. Since I have been using them I have only noticed 1 small breakout.
This nail lamp is fantastic!! Worth every dollar! I am very happy with my purchase!
Perfect for the bottles I have. Nice and sturdy.
These oils seem to be stronger and last longer.
Beast foundation ever. Been using for years. Great coverage and not heavy. Stays on all day
The products actually took care of the horrendous dandruff problem my granddaughter had. From a head full of white flakes the condition is now maybe five or six. It certainly worked for her. Now I am trying it because I am older and I'm losing my hair. I would order it again and again. Thanks for great product.
Is working just like it said my wort is slowly disappearing
This is a great product and my wife loves it. Bought it for her and she uses it every day.
What a beautiful gift set. It smells wonderful and looks great in the guest bathroom. I ordered as a gift but once it arrived I decided to keep for myself.
Bundles are full and hair is soft and very pretty. Just had it installed it holds curls really well and so far no shedding
Great product and great value
Great product. Worked well for my son's plantar warts.
I absolutely love these extensions I dye my hair frequently and have purchase these and a couple of different colors and they're always great
They are so lovely, love them! Good quality. They look like pictures. They look very strong and like they're going to stay in my hair. The price is good. It's absolutely necessary.
really good tool for estheticians. I usually use it for extractions and lifting strokes. Clients are very happy with my new tool. A must buy for all the estheticians and even for personal users too.
I love these gel footies. I have a disease called hand foot syndrome. From the chemotherapy pills I take for metastatic breast cancer. These footies have worked wonderful to soften my feet and to hep with the cracking swelling feet I have. I love it!!!
This item is very nice. My baby is not afraid of using this haircut because it has a very small voice.
Exactly as described.
Arrived early. Was what I was looking!!
As I get older I notice my eyes look older. These feel really good when applied and I see a noticeable difference once I have used them.
Great value and top quality bristles in this shaving brush. Bristles are very soft and don't easily come out of brush. It allows me to have a close comfortable shave. Definitely would purchase again. 5 Stars!
I've used Lancome products for forty two years. I love them. These are great.
Blades worked just fine. Good as the ones I bought for so much more money. I would buy these again.
I bought this as a gift for my 5 year old niece. She absolutely loves it! It's great quality and perfect for those little girls who like to play dress up.
These are compatible with Emjoi. Works quite well.
This product works great we were taking a long vacation and wanted to have whiter teeth for pictures! My husband and I both used it and loved it !
This is so cute! And it's actually larger than I expected. Very handy especially for me who travels a lot for work
Very good and seems to work great.
Nice and heavier than I thought it would be. Does not look like a junky piece. Good quality. Perfect price. I would have paid more than had I seen in store it's so perfect
These are great. They are incredibly soft, and blend better than anything else I've used. My face has an airbrush looking finish! Can't beat the price either.
I spray a bit in my roots and around my hair and it gives me amazing volume. If you want volume, get this!
I have had battles with previous lace front wigs to make them look natural but this wig is perfect. It looks really natural and once I use my wig glue with it I have no doubt it will look like my natural hair
So happy with this purchase. My son needed something specific for his face. This is great
Very very powerful stream. Good build quality.
I never knew how much gunk was in my nose until I used this , I wish I knew about these a long time ago , makes my face look so much better !
It works very well it feels as if you had flossed it feels refreshing and my mouth is very clean I love it.
Very good conditioner.
Fabulous cream that intensifies naturally curly hair. Pleasing scent. Got one as a gift for Christmas and just purchased another I liked it so much. Can be used on dry hair if you wet your fingers before applying. Really a terrific hair product
Sharp and handles well.
I love this conditioner, it is worth the money .
Although activated charcoal has become a popular alternative to traditional toothpaste, this was my first time trying it out. I can honestly say I'm very impressed with the quality of this powder. You have to be careful opening the product because the powder is fine, so it's easy to spill out. Apart from that, the powder itself works excellent. My teeth have been getting brighter and whiter with every use. It also leaves my teeth feeling sqeaky clean and fresh afterwards. For the price and quality, this is a great buy, and you will be more than satisfied with the results. I will continue to use this in my routine as I love the whitening results I am getting.
So glad I bought this!!! Effective, light weight and smells good.
Our nephew had to get braces recently and has to clean the braces and his teeth in detail more than he usually did in the past. He loves the flosser. It works perfectly for his needs. I'm basing my review on his input. We'd buy it again if we ever need another one.
This bag is the prefect size to back toiletries for a weekend getaway or a week vacation!
Great. I was scared they would leak but they didn't.
This hair straightener is fantastic! It goes to the perfect temperature where the styling process is quick yet not damaging to your hair. I really like the wider paddle-like tip which increases the surface area of the heat. Also, the packaging that the product comes in is handy.
I love this product. I started applying it in the winter once my skin lost its natural tan and just by applying one coat overnight I see a big difference! I love that it is all natural, too. It does not make me feel sticky after applying and it does not get on my clothes at all. Super convenient to put on morning or night and really works!
I love this! Lightweight and doesn't break me out
I purchased two different brands to try out and really like this one so much better than the one with the baby blue/silver packaging. Natural ingredients such as aloe, caffeine, and safflower are listed along with the other non natural stuff. The other brand has zero natural ingredients. This mask is comfortable and can be reused. I kept mine on for more that 20 minutes. I definitely notice my jaw line reshaping and looking tighter. Tip: don't stretch out your mask too much when stretching so it reaches your ears. If it's too loose, you won't get the snug fit which is needed for it to work properly.
Used it to dry and straighten my hair and it worked perfectly. It is very easy to use. Light weight, look and feel is really nice. A perfect product for traveling, it saves the space of dryer, straightener and curler. Loved it!! Definitely recommend it!
Great tooth brush, works great.. great value..
I swear by this stuff. I work in public as soon as I feel anything funky in my throat i use it. Especialy on airplanes where the air is questionable at best..Good size for travel.
Did an office door and side window it looks bth aesthetically pleasing and professional! Easy install!
Really works well and removed all black marks and spots.
Love this product. Great on skin,no allergy reaction. Reduces wrinkles for real from very first use. Skin feels so soft.
I ordered these for my 3 year old niece and my sister has learned a lot of different hair styles.
I love how pigmented they are
I really like this drill I just finished my new set with it and had no issues. I like using the drill without the foot pedal but I like that you have an option to use it too. If you're looking for a drill that's at a great price point and has great functionality I would highly recommend this one ☺️
Now have clips for every outfit my daughter has.
Good quality product.
Great quality for a low price
Great mirror! Does exactly what I need it to. I kept the box so that I can take travel with it. It's great for everyday use, and awesome for my daughter that does competitive cheer!
These foils are AMAZINGLY BEAUTIFUL!!! You gotta get some!!!
I am happy withe product
I ordered these after being introduced to this brand by my local spa. They arrived in a large padded envelope wrapped many times in tissue paper undamaged . You get two 25oz bottles. Both scents are light & pleasant. Unlike a lot of lotions, a little goes a long way so these should last a while. Very pleased with my purchase & will definitely order again.
wore away after 2 years..these replacements were perfect
Very nice gifts for friends
I love diffusing essential oils all over my house. I have a diffuser in almost every room! This one has been great and great for the price compared to many others. The lights are an added touch to relax the mood of the room.
I really like this eye cream for the day. It is not heavy but it works really well on smoothing out my lines and puffiness.
great product, my hair turned from bright yellow to light yellowish/whiter than before. Loved it, doesn't let your hair dry eve if you let it in your hair for more time than said on the package. I've used purple shampoos before and this is definitely great! i super reccomend, and its vegan!
Good size. Works very well for travel or at home.
Came quickly, pretty tint
I buy this acne regimen for my daughter who is 13 and she has had great success keeping her acne at bay!
great product! Will buy again!!
Received it today came early prettier than picture thanks love it
Bought as a gift. Very happy with the purchase and they were happy with it as well.
The colors are perfect and they are just right for my hair texture
I really love these...exfoliates and lathers really well!
I got a lot of compliments on how good my pony tail looked several times. I didn't have the heart to tell them it was a fakey.
Great product. Works very well.
love this brush, making my hair so soft. I wish there was another one that came in a smaller barrel size.
12 colors, you can diy your hair. Very easy to apply and clean.
Love this! Is exactly what I was looking for.
This is the most wonderful addition to my skin care routine. Why did I not know about this before???!!! Just be very careful and only leave on for 1-2 minutes as instructed or you will burn your skin. It's best to start with the 30% if you've never used something like this before. That level is nice and gentle but will provide results. My skin is much more elastic, my age spots and freckles are fading BIG TIME and fine lines are improved. This stuff WORKS and doesn't contain harsh chemicals. Love, love, love it.
Absolutely beautiful..
Used it for my hair. Worked very pretty well.
I am an avid essential oil user and needed some new glass spray bottles to mix up a cleaner and room spray in. These are perfect. The glass is thick and they spray really well. Will be purchasing more in the future.
These puffs are quite thick and squishy and they're really easy to use. They're really good for blending. They also come in a pack of 5, which is quite decent for the price you pay.
My hair is kinky, and gets frizzy very easy. This was easy to brush through the tangles, and dried my hair very fast. Smooth and straight in no time. Works very well.
These are great quality lashes, soft and durable. You can wear these multiple times if you take good care of them. Make sure you cut them to match your eye shape
Works on what I ordered it for.
Love the shape and for anyone who purchases these, they are tips not full cover nails.
I love this spray...works well to hold hair without any stickiness or build up.
I use Kate's raw shea butter with coconut oil to make a body butter which I also use on my face. Great product!
Great product, very effective with dry skin and lips. Excellent seller, very happy to deal with again
Perfect size. Made well.
This is the best lip balm ever. I used 4 of them as stocking stuffers. Within 2 weeks, everyone who received one was telling me that it is the best lip balm they had ever used. I feel the same about the one I gave to myself!
I didn't actually buy this for pimples or blackheads. I've battled My entire life with these small pores behind my ears that get clogged with oils and regardless of washing and scrubbing they're always there. I use this at night after a shower and scrubbing, it removes the oils effortlessly and all those bothersome areas have disappeared!! Truly gave me some of my dignity back!
I love it!! It's great for the peach fuzz on my face! I used it on my upper lip as well. No pain. Just smooth.For this reason I will thread my upper lip and use this for the rest of the fine hairs on my face.
This is a great product and it worked exactly as I had hoped. Seems like very high quality and should work for a long time. I love these and worked awesome for me. I would recommend it to others looking to make the purchase.
These work great on trimming tips (not a built out nail, just the glued on tip), they're so sharp so don't be reckless and accidentally lose a piece of finger. haven't had any problems with the blade breaking either. the instructions indicate the ability to create a well, or different shapes. I have been able to make it "more" rounded or square, but no luck getting a well. not what I was needing anyways so not a problem for me.
This wig is EVERYTHING!! Love it! It looks & feel real! I've gotten so many compliments already!
Came quick. Sharp , sturdy and a great price . Thanks so much
Not my favorite Herbal Essences, but that's just my personal preference. However, it did work well.
Product is very user friendly, light and easy to use. It works accurately and should be placed on flat surface. It has options to choose the unit in which weight should be displayed too. Bought it on Amazon and got delivered in a day. Would highly recommend.
I've had chapped lips since I can remember. Now all I do is apply this before I sleep, wash it off in the morning and have beautiful lips
I didn't use hair beauty tools very often. Normally I just use brush to brush my hair very quick. However the brush itself can't make my hair straight. This brush straightening is great ! it combines the brush and heating, straightening functions together. it did took me a while to figure out how to turn the heating on without reading the instructions. I like it. it is good for daily basis. if you want to make your hair very straight, you probably need to buy just hair straightening only.
OK ladies, listen up... I've had facial hair that requires shaving for 20+ years. I spent thousands of dollars on laser removal and got really sick of throwing away the money. I never wanted to shave because I did NOT want a 5 o'clock shadow. I asked around and several people recommended Lectric Shave. I purchased a Panasonic woman's electric shaver and I've been shaving with NO RAZOR BURN!!! It's been about 10 years. I have to shave upper lip, chin and 50% of neck. It does smell like men's after shave so I use unscented baby wipes to remove before applying my foundation. BTW -- I apply it with a cotton ball. I have to shave every day and this stuff is great. Only one drawback -- it will cause your nail polish to smear. I keep a box of foodservice gloves handy to prevent my nail polish from smearing. A tip:: get a new electric shaver or replace the shaver head & foil every year -- to prevent razor burn which can cause darkening of the shaved areas.
These mouth guards have helped with grinding of the teeth and reduce mouth and jaw pain. Thank you!
I like this a lot. Trims with precision and easy to use
Love this stuff! Smells good, calming and relaxing. Feels like a good moisturizer and goes on smooth. Greasy but that's what I was looking for.
These candy cane covers were well made and so easy to use! I brought them to a holiday party-they were so cute and quite the hit-thank you!!
From natural hair to clip in! Literally put these in within 5 minutes before work!
Great experience with this product and awesome results after using it. When I was done my skin looked and felt great!I wil keep using at all.I bought one for my parents too haha.
Does exactly what it promises to do.
I have been using this combined with creams for my rosacea. They all work fantastic together. No irritation. My skin is clear and a healthy splash of pink in the cheeks instead of blotchy red.
Really nice! Lightweight, easy to use and dries hair quickly!
This is a great concept. The bottles are actually squishy, which would make it easy to get lotions and shampoos out of them. They also have a label system inside the cap, just turn it for the words: shampoo, conditioner, lotion or sunscreen. I haven't used them yet but I did test them by filling with water and tossing around. They are indeed leak proof!
My second time purchasing these. I have long thick heavy hair that I Hate wearing up but I have to for work. These are great they don't pull my hair or leave a lump they are secure without tugging my hairs
First I'll start by saying that I have skin that leans toward the dry side, so finding a good moisturizer is very important. I love that this lotion is a bit thicker to help combat the cool, dry air of fall but it soaks in quickly and doesn't leave me looking greasy. After about a week of use my skin looks soft and moisturized. I feel like it has helped to improve the texture of my skin as well. Looking forward to how my skin will look after another week of use. So far I haven't tried a Foxbrim product that I don't like, and the fact that they are natural, organic, and cruelty free products makes them even better
This product is exactly what I was looking for. It fits a full size guy and cleans easily. I would buy it again.
beautiful. love them for my nail business
If you have color treated hair that is damaged-This product is a wonderful must. I use it daily and love it. Smells great.
A friend told me about this so I ordered it to try it out. Super easy to use. Once you get use to it, it's a breeze. I like the little grips on the end pieces. Makes it easier to use.
Only used the product one day and it is fantastic. I really like the products. I did have an issue with a small leak in the oil when I received it, and the customer service was excellent as well! Immediate response and they shipped me a new bottle. Will be using again!
This is a nice size mirror in a thin metal frame. It's really thin and light, around the thickness of 3 credit cards. I wouldn't carry it in my back pocket though.
I have been using this product and I really like it. It works best when you wash your hair and let the color dry in your hair; less comes off on your clothes that way. I've found that when I put it in on dry hair some of it rubs off. The color is vibrant and it's easy to change up your style.
I have medium brown hair but I bought the medium light brown color and glad I did because it's perfect ? The process couldn't be easier just pay attention to the 5 minute rule and you will be fine. Much easier if someone rubs it in for you since they can see the grey and really get the back
Excellent product.. one bottle will last year or more!! Not much needed .. thick gel goes long way
I need to give this Five Stars!!So well ,great Product and fulfilled my expectations. Much better than the one I bought from another seller. Honestly, you won't get a better value than this.Great price, good quality, perfect for what I look for. Will definitely buy it again.I recommend to every one for daily use!!
Really got the yellow tones out of my silver/white hair. Got a slight blue tint until I washed it again but no problem, I really liked it!
This might not be your topical review, but here goes. I don't watch porn so I have no idea who Madison Ivy is. I bought her Fleshlight because the inner texture had such good reviews. My sweet wife and I have personally owned two Pink Lady originals over the past 8 years and I always found myself sore and rather chaffed after using it. It didn't feel real to me and always left me disappointed. But this is much different than the originals. The texture is amazing! It truly does live up to all the hype. I don't care about how it looks on the outside - I'm sure Madison is a sweet girl, but my concentration is on my wife. This is just something to occasionally spice up the bedroom. So far, it's lived up to our expectations!
It's very nice small home device. I use 3 times already since I got it! Love it!! I can see my hair are reducing. I barely can feel the pain when I use it, and the ice function can cool down the skin right way. It definitely worth the money!!
They apply easy and work good
This makes my hair look and feel fuller. It seems that I have less loss of hair after I shampoo.
Has a fresh smell, works great on my boys curly hair
The turnaround time was impressive! The wig looks just like the photo on the website. No misrepresentation. It is soft, no unusual smell, it feels like its my own hair and it is well priced for the value. I plan to reorder soon to keep one as backup for special occasions.
Great colors, lasted about a week or so, started chipping a little, but lasted longer than my other brand.
This is amazing! So easy and totally satisfying.
I like everything about it. Thank you very much amazon
Cleans well and doesn't dry out hair.
The only thing I wish came with this kit is a cuticle nipper. But it's a great little set for a great price
A great scent at a small price but does not have longevity
My grandson loves it.
It's perfect!! I used it at all super! I have never seen such a thing! it works 100%
Holds curls all day and some for tomorrow!
I loved how long the product lasted (over a month and a half) and noticed my skin is brighter, smoother, and more clear. I paired it with the No B.S. toner and have had great results.
Really works well and doesn't hurt at all. Used on arm and part of my face. The hair has been gone just a month now which is good!but still need to use to keep permanent hair removal
Fantastic- Absolutely love it - I have turned co-workers on to it.
Great product, I have eczema and this product stops the itching!
My favorite lipcolor....looks good with everything and stays on all day!
It is realy good but to small
I am still learning exactly how to apply it for best coverage but so far so good!
Rich cream and smells great
The company must be reading reviews. Earlier reviews complained about the narrow, smooth, hard-to-hold handle. It now has finger ridges and fatter profile as picture shows. I use this for a prescription steroid cream on specific parts of my back rather than body lotion or suntan cream . The original pads are too big for medical cream but can be cut in half and still fit the Velcro perfectly (see pic). I could reach every part of my back using just my right arm which is beneficial when looking through two mirrors. Their literature also addresses the best way to bend it but it arrived fully bent for packaging and I had no problem making it nearly straight in seconds. Three weeks later, the pad has worked perfectly once it became saturated with cream. I'm still on my first one-half.
the scissors are very sharp, which I did not expect and they are very stylish. Also I was surprised that they fit my fat finger and thumb. Most scissors I have to pry off when I done, these are great
Fast delivery, smells good
Really beautiful and well made. Didn't have any issues with gems coming off or ribbon fraying.
I really like this set. You can adjust the compartments and it comes with a lot of nice extras. Would definitely recommend!
This hair dryer is really just fantastic! I was skeptical at first about it claiming to reduce static and frizz, living in a very humid state, you just learn to succumb to your hair being a mess 2 seconds after styling (so what's the point of trying, right?). Well, it really does work! My hair felt so light weight, shiny and smooth, like that "fresh from the stylist" feel you always crave! It worked REALLY quickly, I was a little shocked, usually it takes my hair forever to dry, so I end up just air drying (again, what's the point?) but it literally dried my hair in a matter of a few minutes! The attachments are great as well, I love the comb attachment, it's perfect for when I'm drying my hair and it's still wet from the shower. Combs it out nicely and my hair feels so smooth and straight, no need to go over it with a straightener. I would recommend this product :)
the hair arrive earlier than expected, soft, no shedding, no smell really nice hair
This is such a cute and very useful pallet. It fits perfectly in your hand and actually holds a good bit of foundation. And clean up is a breeze! I love it!
My boyfriend loves this! It makes his beard so soft and manageable. The combs and brush are perfect! So worth the money!
Wonderful tea for home-brewed kombucha.
This is a well made lipstick. As a matte formula, it did not dry out my lips and it lasted for hours, even through eating meals. The packaging is fashionable and sleek, and the container is larger with more product than other brands. The application brush is firm and pointed with soft bristles for a smooth and precise application. This color in particular is a nice peachy nude which I think would work well on many skin tones. I will be buying more colors to try!
It was a gift for my husband and he really liked...soon he will need an other one!
Very good hair soft light to no shedding
I was very sceptical about this as I have been dealing with alopecia. I've been taking this for almost 3 months and I must admit there is a huge change...I have hair!! There are so many products out there for the type of alopecia that I have but non have actually helped...only this. But the catch is you actually have to take it 2xs a day everyday and drink lots of water. It made me break out at first but now that my body is use to it my skin is clear and very few break outs. It may make you gain a little weight...it did me...but thats a side effect I'm willing to live with.
Makes a good amount of bubbles, and really seemed to help my son's skin. During the winter he gets patches of eczema here and there. Using this along with putting a good coating of Aquaphor on him after his bath has really done the trick.
Such a great moisturizer! My skin looks and feels fabulous!
I loved this product! It mixed eaisly with glitter and oils!
Amazing!!! If you follow the directions, it works perfect!! My nag, dark circles, and wrinkles disappeared in minutes!! I took a pic with one eye with no cream and one eye with cream to shit the difference.... And It Only Takes Such A small amount....I will buy more!!
The blackhead remover did work, I use Blackhead Remover after I take a shower and it did remove my blackhead, I like to use it to clean my nose.If you have blackhead,you can try it on your nose.You will not regret for your buying.
How can that be that such a tiny thing could perform such a great job! I really wonder about it and I'm really impressed by this wax warmer. The proportions are incompatible but somehow it all works!
Loved it, will purchase again. I just bought an 8oz bottle to try in a homemade lotion. It turned out wonderful and so will be making a larger batch next time.
Bring cleansing and health when added to my morning water and/or tea!
A few months in and still working.
Easy to apply, brush is small enough you don't get globs of oil in your eye. Added to nightly routine.
Bought this doll for my 5 year old granddaughter due to interest in playing hairdresser, she immediately fell in love with the doll and named her Lila, it's perfect for kids to play hairdresser with and playing makeup on doll, I give it a 10, very happy with it
Works great, and it was a great value.
I apply the product for about 5 minutes or until I don't see bubbles anymore and scrub the dead skin off my lips! This product is on the milder side, which is why I like it. No small particles that hurt my lips. It does the job and my lips do become smooth after each use! I'm happy with the purchase.
It is a very much fun tattoo kit. I bought now and want to try first for the coming Halloween . My kids have very sensitive skin and I need to find a nice one that won't cause rash. This kit is no problem at all. It seems very safe for the kids skin. Easy to take it off. A lot of different designs. Good buy!
This protects you against the sun and gives you a nice glow. Very easy to apply! Will 100% use this when I'm outdoor tanning.
I was not happy with the first unit. But this company went above and beyond to get me another unit. Shan went above and beyond what could be expected to satisfy the situation. I am very pleased.
I noticed when I used it daily my lips had a more plump feel, idk if they looked it though. Although i did get a red ring after a few days. Have it a break then started use again,
Love it, use it every morning. I have dry lips in the winter and this work to remove the dry patches. Works well on cleaning pores.
Awesome for the price! Works great, has plenty of power.
These are great quality for the price. I recently had a lululemon scrunchie that I loved but it was $12 for ONE! And it broke! So I love the quantity of these. They even included 2 extra rubber hair ties for me.
I use this as a bug repellent! I just spritz a small amount on my arms and legs and zero mosquitoes bother me! I spray it on the concrete corners around my basement and it keeps the spiders away! It smells better than any other bug repellant that I have used and lasts far longer!
Fantastic roller. Felt great on my skin, smooth and cool. Very relaxing too
I have used thus product for years. It makes thin hair feel thicker and I am able to fix it in more ways then I can without.
Works wonderfully for my psoriasis on my scalp!
I have been using this daily for almost three weeks on my Décolletage and have started to notice a difference. The skin is softer and the redness has been reduced. It has a pleasant smell that isn't over powering. Nice packaging as well!
It is what it is as described
I am very fair skinned, and I have found a lot of tinted moisturizers to be just more of lighter weight makeup, but this is a real tinted moisturizer. There is not a lot of coverage, but just enough for a little sun-kissed look to take away the pale. I will be buying more as I love wearing this on the weekends just to have a bit of coverage and color without that heavy, dry makeup feeling. It feels very good on my skin unlike many others that I have tried.
This water Flosser is great!! I have deep pockets so my dentist recommended a water Flosser no bleeding when I floss. It's easy to use great for traveling. Great Flosser highly recommend I can't wait to go back to the dentist and share my experience
These really stay on. Used 2 of them and both stay on clean and dry skin all night/day long. Actually have to work to rub them off. Very surprised by the high quality!
Awesome to bad it went through the dryer :(
Loved it and easy to use
This mannequin & kit is a great value. I purchased it to practice eyelash extensions at home. I like getting used to the technique, lashes, adhesive, etc. without having to worry about a real human being my subject! I also face paint and this mannequin is a handy way to work out new designs and practice my line work. I sprayed the skin with an even coating of hairspray so that my pigmented paints wouldn't absorb and stain. So far it has cleaned up nicely with dish soap and warm water.
comfortable, resistant and beautiful
I love this cleanser! It removes heavy makeup easily and leaves my skin very clean, it's my favorite gentle cleanser for my sensitive skin
Have not tried them yet but are super soft . Can't wait to try on my client
I have reordered several times because the product works extremely well. I recommend this product!
I purchased this set for traveling. It's a nice compact set. Perfect size for travel. It has 3 clippers. So, you'll always have the right clipper when you need it.
So soft! I love that it comes in a pack of 5.
They work wonders on your eyes. There cool when applied which is always refreshing
I'm on my second set of this product! Be patient and give it time. After only a few days, my skin had calmed down significantly and it continues to improve. I haven't had any cystic acne since beginning to use this product. Any flare ups due to environment or hormones are quickly cleared up. It takes a little experimenting to determine the best quantity of the product to use, but overall very very happy with the line. My skin is clearer and brighter than it was before!
Decent manicure kit. When I received and open, I was impressed for the full set of nail tools. There are so many different tools I have never used before. It's also a good kit fit traveling.
I have tried various shampoos to get rid of dandruff and this one really works. Other shampoos I have tried are too harsh and cause severe dryness but ArtNaturals is very hydrating and soothing. I used once or twice a week and that cleared my dandruff. I saw good results after first use. It reduced itchiness and dandruff after first use. In the reviews some people didn't like the smell, actually, it's not that bad and it goes away quite fast. The best thing about this product is some kind of conditioner/oil which keeps your hair hydrated. If you are looking to get rid of flaking then this is the right thing!
I am a novice at putting on make up. This is very easy to use and I love the color
Smells good and keeps the bugs away
The texture and feel of the hair. Everything you need st a great price including a la e closure!
Awesome color selection and quality
Easy to put together, good quality.
Scents are wonderful
This soap has a nice grit to it and smooth lather. Has a salty, faintly citrus smell and really reminds me of a day at the beach. The smell lingers but isn't overpowering. Lasts about as long as most natural soaps (soap saver/dry storage recommended) and doesn't dry out my skin. Expensive for a single bar, but great product. Would definitely consider buying again.
Very good product for light coverage.. has many shades and doesn't irritate your skin
I have tried it for two days and did not get any bleeding. This glosser is giving a gentle cleaning, perfect for me. The water tank is big enough to cover one washing.
I loveee these face masks! Leaves my skin soft, moisturized and clear! I have sensitive skin and most of the times I have bad breakouts. But these face masks are absolutely amazing! I love the packaging as well.
Wow love this product this even more nicer than i use to buy and big .
Just received the Natural Coffee Scrub and used it one time. I like the feel and look forward to continued use. It was shipped promptly and is as advertised.
This product works amazing as it mentioned. I would definitely recommend it.
Best product. Really helped my my eczema. No smell and gets the job done.
My daughter's dance friends loved it. The charm was bigger than expected. Not disappointed!
Great product for a great price truly helps make eyeliner easy
As advertised. How nice to make a few clicks rather than get in the car drive to the store to buy a few little batteries. Also cheaper than the store price.
I've bought this product several times already because I like it a lot. It works very well to help naturally with dry, itchy and flaky scalp.
I love this Hair!!! It's really soft, true to its length, no smell... received it really quick as I'm a prime member. Can't wait to have it installed and love my free eye lashes!!!
It works as promised!
It has great trying power. Super light weight. I am super picky to with everything that I use in my hair so I was truly surprised at how well it worked for my curls!!
Has not streaked at all. Looks like a normal dark suntan. Dark glow and does not appear orange at all. Perfect.
These are perfect for the busy Mornings. They heat up fast and after rolling up hsir within 15-20min you look like you just came from the Salon.
They're the perfect size for me and they have an awesome natural look, I love them!
Great for the price. Same thing if not better than others.
This made a huge difference in my skin. I still get a breakout here and there but it has significantly reduced my cystic acne issues. I could never get it to clear before. My face feels much smoother now and if I get a blemish it clears more quickly. It is expensive though. Also, I have gotten hives from benzoyl peroxide and other RX from derm so this is a lifesaver since it is gentle on my sensitive skin.
I recently got tape-in extensions, and I love them. But all of a sudden having all this extra hair is kind of a pain to brush through. My hair stylist suggested this brush, and at first I blew if off thinking that it's just a brush- it can't be that different from the one I have....IT IS. Should've bought this years ago! I'm blown away by how little hair comes off onto the brush when I use it. De-tangles so easily. Love it, love it.
I've always wanted to try a mud mask so decided to buy this one and I have to say that in really happy I did. After the first use my face was softer and firm. I will definitely keep using it.
works great bringing up the silver on this gray haired head!
Affordable and so helpful for my oily hair. I have it on auto ship!
These combs are beautiful and are great quality. They not only help reduce static during the winter, but the feel so sleek against my scalp and hair. I love them.
I love the smell and the feel that this product leaves on my beard! It works very well and does what it says! You wont go wrong with this product!
This is an excellent electric shaver. It came fast in the mail and as described. This really gives a great clean smooth shave. I was a bit skeptical at first but I am glad I purchased this. You get a lot for your money with this shaver. I recommend this for everyone. You don't have to worry about getting snagged like with some of the other electric shaver either.
Worth the price and arrived on time . My hands are small os easy to use, has excellent RPM and cord was nice length. I recommend this item.
This thing is amazing. I've had serious blackheads forever and they are so hard to get rid of. I've tried everything to get them and going to the spa and having the extracted is super painful. This thing cuts out the pain and removes the blackheads easily. I'm so impressed by how easy it is and how well it works. The different attachments are great. I highly recommend.
Compare to what I have got from the store regular eyebrow razors, those are definitely great value high quality razors, 1. Is foldable design no need to worry about the top cover is missing! 2. Very sharp blade can even use on trimming hair or cutting other stuffs. 3. Wide enough makes easier to use. 4. Great value price to 3 sets.
Arrived on time. Hard to find locally except in gift packs. Works well and doesn't cause problems when traveling in airports
Best investment ever!!! Cancelled my monthly subscription to tanning salon (Ultra Tan). It's the same as salon, except you're in the comfort of your home & can tan anytime of the day or night. Love it.
I bought this cologne for my dad as a birthday gift. He loved the smell! Worth the money
I Love these bands!! You can wear as bracelet or hair tie.... it's hard to find Native American prints in a hair tie .. since I am Native American myself.. I will definitely buy more!!
Nice oil, smells good, I like to make head massage with it, it really stimulates scalp for healthier hair.
I gave these to a friend for her birthday and she says the smell great and last a good amount of time in the bath! They were fairly large bathbombs and my set even came with a free bar of homemade lotion soap that smells so amazing, I kept it for myself! Will certainly buy these again for another gift, or myself! :)
love the colours and their durability.
I'm using these for nicotine (liquid with a base of vegetable glycerin and propylene glycol) and they're working great so far, can't speak for their performance with other oils. But I've been able to refill the same tank over and over and it's still working great.
Easy to apply, good even spray, lasts a reasonably long time.
Good little bag. Used on a recent 2 week trip to Europe. Plenty of space for two iphone cords, iPad cord / plug, large power converter, eye glass cleaner + soft cloth, power cord for another device, comb and a couple small plug converters.
Excellent,nice item highly recommended
Really love this stuff. I ordered the 6 pack, but kept receiving 1. After several calls to Customer Service it was corrected and received the entire order. The product itself is awesome
The BEST facial & makeup removing wipes! These are great for sensitive & normal skin. They remove my makeup & waterproof makeup as easily as the Neutrogena wipes, but without irritating my skin. These leave skin feeling clean, and non-oily, and are perfect for freshening up after gym workouts!
I'm using these as favors for the girls who are attending my son's birthday party. His older sister already snagged one and she loves it . It's so cool to when the lights are off and the room is dark. I might order more for my daughter's birthday.
I love these brushes. They are the most heavy or super luxurious but they get the job done and especially for the price !! I do love these they are super soft !
I'd heard that charcoal toothpastes were very effective at whitening teeth, but was skeptical - seemed too good to be true. After reading several reviews decided to give it a try, since whitening strips and other methods were not working for me or my wife. After 2 brushings (use it just like any other toothpaste with your toothbrush of choice) my teeth were noticeably whiter. Taste is fine, similar to any other toothpaste, and only cautions are to rinse thoroughly and maybe use a fluoride mouth wash afterward, or alternate brushings using a fluoride toothpaste one time and the charcoal toothpaste the next. Personally I don't ever expect to have a super-white "movie star" smile, but any degree of lighter teeth with such ease of use is definitely better that what I've had most of my life.
Amazing exfoliator. Not sure how it works, but makes my dry skin beautiful the next day.
My mother bought these for my son and he asked me when he could take a bath about 100 times a day.... Needless to say, we used them all in 6 days! Lol The little creatures inside are so cute, he was extremely excited about ever one of them!
and this bag was perfect for my makeup and a few personal hygiene essentials .
Using this for essential oil roller bottles. Keeps them from falling over like dominoes.
This conditioner leaves my hair very soft and manageable! The smell is nice and not overpowering.
No idea how it works but OMG, if you want natural oils (that means NOT perfumed chemicals) that actually delivers than this oil is for you. A little amount massages into your scalp and I apply what's left to hair ends- since I like short hair, it seems I am at the salon every month- thickening as well.
I really enjoy using this toothbrush, I like that it pauses every 30 seconds so you can switch areas. My teeth feel amazing and my daughter's look whiter. After owning it a month we've only needed to charge it twice. The only thing I don't like is that it is tricky to change the heads because you have to twist it, so its hard for small hands. Other than that, I highly recommend
Love the iron. Great product and customer service. Thanks for the two replacement tanks (for free!!)!
These are really nice for spreading product that you don't want to get on your hands, and you can wash the "brushes" off easily. I use them for everything!
I have used the product for over a year. I have a lot of hair, but it's fine, and can be frizzy when dried because of wave/curl/color. This product really smooths my hair. I only use it on the bottom end of my hair, not near the scalp.
I love this stuff. It's cost effective and nothing leaves my skin feeling softer or more smooth than this shaving cream. It also doesn't break me out in any way. Almost everything else under the sun causes some sort of irritation or breakouts.
As a few reviewers mentioned, this product has somewhat distasteful odor. The scent is only apparent when first applied. I love the texture and consistency as I have small pores and dry skin. It absorbs quickly and offers really good sun protection without leaving a white film on your face.
It arrived sooner than expected,their so cute and pocket perfect. The first impression on the lips was amazing.
This is the best cream I have found for new tattoos. I'd originally purchased it after a face peel at a spa. It worked so well I decided to try it on my tattoo instead of the heavy oily aquaphor. My tattoos heal faster and itch a lot less.
My dad has been using this for decades and was finally running low, glad to find this here on amazon. Despite a delivery snafu, it came well packaged and undamaged. Smells just like the one he bought ages ago.
I burn the oil in my bedroom. The aroma smells good throughout my house.
These are so beautiful! Just stunning. The rose quartz is lovely and heavy. It's cool and soothing on the face and I feel more relaxed after using it. So soothing!
I am happy with my purchase. It goes on even and doesn't leave streaks like other products.
Always perfect quality and perfect fit, color and style. Love these wigs!
These r very nice. Big and good quality.
My grand babies love these. They are long so you can use any length of hair. Very fun for little ones and great for all ages. Very happy
I have been using this for a while. Now I can't find it in the store anymore so happpy I found it on Amazon. Love the fresh beach smell, light weight feel in my hair and how it keeps the fly always and frizzies out of my hair
Loved the scent. Works great and didn't dry out my hair.
I loved this conditioner! It made my hair so soft! I am buying again!
they're all so cute and comfortable!
Shipped fast and was as pictured
Great stuff right here! I'm going to need more of this soon for my girls hair! Best thing I used!
This is great shea butter! I will buy it again. Very healing and melts nicely.
I've been doing my own manicures for awhile now and this file is my best friend! It creates a perfect smooth edge, its very easy to use and shapes my nails just how I like it. It can be washed in warm water and voila! Just like new. Highly recommended!
I'll admit, the world of beautification is a bit unfathomable to me, but my wife has been excited about using this and how it generates ozone to help with skin and such. When you turn it on, it does generate an orange-ish glow and seems to have a sort of static-like electrical tingle on contact; and that action helps with facial care (provided you "prep" the area). Since it seems to be working, the wife's happy, and given that having a beautician doing the same thing seems to run a minimum $50 per session, I'm glad it worked out too. I will say if you do pick this up (and, like me, you have no idea what you're doing) I would recommend looking at a video or two on Youtube on how to use it, though, the manual seems to be aimed at people who already know what exactly you're supposed to be doing with a glass electrode.
Lovely moisturising and coconut smell. Great for all year round and especially in winter, love it.
I love it, my little cousin will be very happy
Sharp and grab the hair well. Will definitely order again.
It is an excellent product
Love them . I keep one in every bag
Really ez to use, easily beats flossing
Used for my Christmas body scribes. Worked great.
The cotton rounds are really soft so it's good for sensitive skin. The cotton rounds doesn't absorb the product too which is really good compared to other cotton rounds. Would highly recommend especially with the affordable price. Arrived on time too and in good condition.
There was a strange smell upon opening but after washing it that was no longer a problem. That's the only negative. It came on time and that quality was great.
I really like how this cream smells and feels. It has a light chamomile tea fragrance, at least that's how I would describe the scent. It is also light weight moisturizer which is not oily or feels greasy.. it leaves your skin feeling really smooth and soft to the touch. I really like the size for the price of my money.
Easy and simple to fill. They didn't leak in my carry-on luggage that I had to gate check because they ran out of space. The suction cups are a nice feature. They dispense very easily; almost too easily. The first time I tried dispensing some lotion, I got a lot more than I needed. At least now I know how much force is necessary to dispense. Neat little bottles!
Perfect for my Ursula costume. Got lots of compliments on our trip to Disneyland!
Love these hand soaps! They really moisturize when hand washing and smell so good!
Easy to use. Very rich
love this product have bought it for years
The smell is the first thing I noticed when I opened the cream. It smells so nice and light. I like that it goes on easily and stays on. It helps me fall sleep at night because of the pleasant smell!
Dad's been using this razor for 8 years and had been replacing the heads. I just got him a new one since he liked it so much. I think the old one went out of alignment maybe. Dad's happy that is all that counts.
Perfect for attaching feathers and colored hair. Easy and works well.
I subscribe to a few sample beauty boxes and I always get single eyeshadows in a magnetic pot, but I used to keep them in their packaging. I got the large one to satisfy storage needs so I could throw out the packaging. Now I get to see the colors I have instead of forgetting about them in the back of my drawer. The magnet is strong, I keep this stored on its side.
Bought it to my daughter. Great value for money.
Sturdy. They work great in my microwave or the Fridge. Much better than plastic !
As advertised......shipped quick!
Got it in time. As advertised
Love this product and this persons price was fine but be careful on amazon because there are some sold at 3 x the price especially this color
This encourages my son to brush his teeth when I tell him to. He reminds me every time we are running low.
The eyeshadow colors were beautiful and went on buttery.
Best price on refills I've found. We switched to Watkins soap years ago; it was the only soap my contractor husband found that would clean the dirt and grime from his hands without needing lava/pumice gritty soap. Each refill will fill a standard Watkins soap bottle a little more than 3x.
Like the texture and smell of this mask but more importantly I see improvement on my hair after using it.
This works very well. Be careful about drying, tingling and skin irritation.
I love bathing with this salt. My chronic pain is eased and my skin is soft. It has no scent so I can add whatever essential oils I want.
it was cute for the price,
After exfoliating with this mask, my feet have been so soft and silky. It's been a few weeks, and they are still baby skin soft. I make sure to wear aloe vera socks to bed to keep them extra soft, but this mask did it's job!
Love this product. Well made. Very functional and easy to install. I love my neck hair free and usually get haircuts every 2 weeks because of it. Now I finally have a way of trimming my neck for a few min and i am sure this product will save me ta lots of money down the road and now I will not have a need to see my hair stylist more than once a month. I am sure she will not be happy about that, but her lost will be my gain. Thanks to the 360 Degree Mirror.
Gentle but effective in whitening my skin. I use it in the morning and at night and also as a primer.
I have only used the toothpaste for 2 weeks and already seeing a difference!!
Works great. I had this skin tag on my face, I used it multiple times to get rid of my skin tag. I finally got rid of it, it does irritate the surrounding area after using it, make sure you put a medical tape on the tag after applying the solution to minimize redness and irritation. Overall I'm very satisfied with the product, it did exactly what was advertised.
I have sensitive skin, eczema, and a corn allergy. I've tried close to 10 or 15 brands for deodorant and non has measured up to Soap Me. I still sweat but not nearly as bad but most importantly I dont smell. This product lasts a while and doesn't cause me to break out like other brands.
Loved that it fit all my belongings and they stayed in place. Great quality.
This is a really nice brush! The bristles are soft, but you still feel like you're getting a scrub. There is also this little notch thingy that helps keep it on your hand - convenient. Overall a really good product and it comes in a nice box if you wanted to make it into a gift or something.
Clippers are very sharp, very impressed! I liked the gum on the handles are very comfortable! Good seller!
This oil tastes good and is in the room. It's very comfortable. One of them is lemony. Dad opens the bottle and puts it in the new car. It's good to use, witty father.
Oh my gosh !!!! I love this stuff. This is my second month using the shampoo and conditioner. My hair has never felt softer. I usually have very frizzy, unruly hair. My daughter (who does not live at home) asked me today what I have been doing to my hair because it looks so shiny and not frizzy when it is curly. She also mentioned how long it has gotten recently. She was like I just need to feel it and she ran her hands through my hair. She is in love now and said she was going to order some WOW - now.
Very easy to handle with my small hands and they're very sharp.
The best steamer ever. Heats up water in just 1min. Definitely recommend and easy to travel with.
This took awhile to write a review but I just got around to making some candles and the soy wax melted perfectly.
Great machine, good price. Will buy again from seller.
After using the product for over a month, I'm very satisfied with its quality and competitive price. Way better quality than most of the beauty blender you would pay more in stores, HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
This is one of my fav purchases on amazon, great value and I enjoyed it so much
My favorite powder brush
Great product. Helped prevent stretch marks. Was used along with other products.
This brush is amazing and very good for all hair types. I love how it lays your hair down without using anything. I truly recommend
Love being able to use it to mix my oils! It's big enough for me to quadruple my recipe!
Juniper berry oil is very flexible to make diy salves and can be mixed with most other essential oils. just love it!
I had a lot of blackheads on my nose. I have used it for 4 days and the blackheads are almost gone. This is a big surprise.
Loved them!! Not cheap quality. Some are more tight than others
This product is easy to use, I've never gotten so many compliments on my eyebrows! I always use the brush side first to smooth my brows, then I fill in the outer part first and slowly work my way in toward the nose, blending with the brush as I go along. I read somewhere that the inner brow should be the lightest part and the outer part should be the darkest. I follow this rule and it works for me! Even one of my students (who is only 9) complimented on my brows! Lol. I'll definitely be reordering.
Good classic pomade. Easy to use. Would buy again.
Great addition for my DIY laundry detergent.
Works great. Removes hair painlessly. Lightweight. Highly recommend!
Omg this stuff is amazing I love it!!! It takes me at least 10 minutes to do my eyebrows, this took 2 minutes, max! Excuse the pics I was testing the product!! Love it!
Great quality and price
I like it.. Very convenient
Handy for tough plaque!
I really like this cream, it helps a lot with dark spots. Recommended
item is shown brand new exactly as pictured. Price is very reasonable. Wis PedEgg included the callus remover refills.
They are no cheap feeling at all. Seems to be great quality.
I love that it doesn't dry out my dry spots and gets rid of dark pores.
I have very dry, flaky skin on my face, so much so that it is painful. Lucas Papaw relieved the dry skin and pain! Let me tell you that I tried many ointments and balms, and this one works for me!
I like this product to freshen up when I am going door to door in my direct sales job. It is very hot and this product is perfect for keeping fresh in the heat!!!
Very soft and flexible
I've been using this cream for about a month now and it really does seem to be working. I can tell a difference in my neck that I have not seen with any other product I've tried. I will be reordering. The smell is ok. Great moisturizer!
EXCELLENT PRODUCT, NO NEED TO USE REGULAR DEODRANT, THIS WORKS FOR ME, EVEN WHEN TEACHING 5 FITNESS CLASSES A DAY!
It's the only lotion that keeps my eczema-prone skin hydrated. I use it on my face everyday, because all other facial lotions and creams dry out by noon. Can't live w/o Itch Defense!
Great product! Takes away oil from my face in seconds. Highly Recommended!
So good for bumping hair
Worker well for waterline
My daughters all have long hair and they fight over MY brush now. Love it!
Love this brand of soaps! Great recyclable packaging! Smells wonderful
"Destroyed" my hair many times with Bleach n this Product is the ONLY one that has been able to mend it back up!!! After shampooing, I put some on n "lightly" rinse some off leaving some remnants of product in. Also, I wash my hair every other day n use Biosilk therapy silk serum after.
Perfect accessory to a perfect razor!!! This thing is sso o goodness I bought a razor and case for every guy in my family. Oh and my grandmother too! She loves it!!
Wow my hair was very moisturize when I used the shampoo but the conditioner was a bit rough. All I need all I loved both items will keep using!
I'm ordering from this company all the time. Very satisfied with the cost and quality of the replacement brush heads.
I love the color variety in these! So many different shades. I was worried they would be too similar but they're perfect. They snap just enough to stay in without hurting my daughter's head when I take them out. She can get them in by herself too. I'll be getting more as gifts for friends with little girls!
So glad I didn't have to go to the mall when I ran out!
Great all-day coverage and it doesn't feel like I've got a bunch of plastic or chemicals on my face. I definitely recommend this.
Like the picture, my daughter likes it very much!
Awesome product. Easy to deal with.
I love this product! It goes on so smooth and is not greasy AT ALL and actually seems to take any greasy shiny spots off of my face. It's amazing and I recommend it to everyone!
I'm happy that I don't have to use glue anymore these magnetic lashes are really easy to use and it looks beautiful and flawless .
I received a sampler pack from Sephora for hair conditioning. This was one of my favorite products. I was going to order on Sephora however the price was a bit high. I found the best price on Amazon, I was worried about the quality and if it was genuine, however the reviews convinced me that it was genuine. After the first use my hair was incredibly soft. I was trying to repair it after highlighting, it worked wonderfully. I will definitely keep buying this product on Amazon
I recently got braces and needed something to help with the food that gets stuck. This works great and can actually hurt until your gums get adjusted.
I always use this toothpaste and I'm satisfied with the price.
It's lathers great smell great reminds me when I was a little boy when I would go to the barbershop with my dad when the barber would shave him that is what the scent reminds me of
I have 4 large indoor dogs so our main living area can smell foul at times. I was sick of scented candles, diffuser sticks, air spray, etc. I love this large capacity diffuser and the essential oils really help eliminate dog odors. The timer feature is a real perk as well as the large volume capacity so I don't have to refill so often. Well worth the price
It is really good. That's my favorite. THANK YOU
Good for starting hand-washing. Smells maybe a tiny bit off, not bad but not great either. It doesn't seem to leave a smell on the hands so it doesn't bother us. My daughter (20 months old) likes to push the pump down herself - just be careful because it's easy to make a big mess!
Sturdy and comfortable in the hand. Holds on to the blade well and is easily manipulated to create really sharp and hard beard lines. I also use it to keep my hard part updated.
I've had this product for 3 days now and I've noticed a few things: 1. The smell is INCREDIBLE. Honestly, I'd use it for that reason alone 2. The texture is different than normal lotions. It's kind of sticky(?) but doesn't feel that way on your skin 3. It's super hydrating and does just fine under makeup. 4. I know I already said this but it smells intoxicating. Hope this helps :)
This is my first time to feel the foot mask, it's amazing. At the beginning, I didnt know if I can take 60-90 mins base on the instruction, so I watched the tv and played with my cell phone. When I take it off from my feet, I can see the dead skin on my feet, after I use warm water to wash it, they are gone, and my feet feel very comfortable, smooth and soft, just like foot massage.
Magnification on this is perfect. Compact enough to travel with yet big enough to see what I need. Also conveniently sticks to the mirror for easy handling.
I'm very careful to use an all natural shampoo because I get my hair colored. This one does not strip my color and my color lasts much longer than with the other natural shampoos I've used in the past! I am sensitive to certain smells and I was unsure of how I would like this Lavendar smell! I love it, it is not over powering, just the right amount of scent. I have thin straight hair but the coloring sometimes leaves it a little dull and slightly hard. After using this shampoo I love the feel and look of my hair!
This has really helped with the wrinkles on the side of my eyes. I have tried so many other brands which didn't help that I almost gave up on these kind of things. I use this daily and I can see instant results. Wish I had found this sooner.
Feels good. Not greasy. Keeps my face from burning.
Have a nice scent too
Originally i bought this to prevent my gums from receding. I never used it but recently developed a cyst on my gums. After using this product (sprinkle some in my toothpaste) the raised lump shrinks down. If I don't use it the lump reappears. I will still keep on using this product after my root canal (the cause of my cyst) to prevent my gums from receding since it seems to be working great on my temporary gym (cyst) issue.
My husband's favorite Cologne
This is exactly what I have been looking for, very pleased.
The taupe looks extremely grey but it might depend on the skin color. Great product otherwise.
I've had this lamp for 6 months now and it's been perfect. It will perfectly cure all major brands I've tried. Even Light Elegance. I'm not a professional, but it's been perfect for my uses (about once every two weeks). No dead lights, and the over head is helpful for when you have to work in the evening. Only gripe is when I'm not careful and I put my whole hand in, it rarely will bump the top and I'll have to fix it. Overall, a lovely little lamp that will cure whatever you need it to.
Love this coconut oil. very pure and organic. Perfect. Highly recommend
Delivery as estimated
These are prefect and there not to lose or to tight
So much cheaper than the beauty supply store, and I'm a licensed cosmetologist!
I love the way this product makes my face feel moisturized and protected from harmful sun rays used it many years
This product has improved my skin. It is now soft and smooth! Love this! Will purchase again!!!
Can dry out your face in the winter but great for summer. It REALLY takes off all your makeup which I love since I don't have to scrub or rub at my skin. It's a great company too - go check out their mission on their website.
Used it a few times. Get some tingly feeling afterwards, and it smells pretty good. Don't know if it helps with hair loss, guess, I'll wait and see.
Great cream for rough dry heels. I have been using this off and on for couple years.
These are high quality tweezers. Very happy with purchase.
I was hesitant on purchasing this product, but the product came in perfect condition and still works months after purchasing it.
So cute!!!Little small but just fine.Purchased these pencil bag as gift.Definitely recommended.
Love this for putting in my lotion I make.
Absolutely love this balm. Even better, their customer service. After every purchase I've made from Rocky Mountain, I've gotten an email just making sure I'm satisfied. I would also very highly recommend their beard oil and combs. Very high quality products.
So far I love the oil it's only my second day using it and I already see a difference in my dry skin.
Smells wonderful an my wife loves the scent.
Just received my eyebrow pen and did a test run on the back of my hand. Absolutely perfect! I couldn't even rub it off within a second after applying. Can wait to use on my brows!
My 5 year old enjoys this, and it got much better reviews in terms of natural ingredients when compared to Tom's. I even started using it for my 1 year old (who needs a little fluoride per our pediatrician, since it's not in our water - but I didn't want to do the fluoride vitamins).
Normally, dry shampoos will take the oily look away, but they leave my hair feeling a little stiff with residue. I've tried so many. This is the only one I have tried that makes my hair look and FEEL like it's freshly washed! No residue, no stiff hair - feels like I just did it today after 2 days in a row of using it! The smell is just like their shampoo, which I love. Won't be switching again!
The hair remover works great for removing hair on my legs. Very easy to use, compared to old fashion way of hair remover, it does not caused mess or pain on your skin. You can continue with the day right after treatment. Affordable and you can use it on long term.
Great for washing my son's face! It doesn't dry his skin out.
It gets your teeth clean!
Very glamorous. This is currently my most loved items since I can spare such a great amount of cash with this item since its reusable. It gives me a sensational impact each day and I get such huge numbers of compliments when I wear them. This item is exceptionally glitzy.
I got this after my last talk to my niece who just turned 14 and started to notice and feel like she wants to take care of her look. Since I do, she asked me how to take care of her nails(she bites her nails all the time) So I though of getting her this set (small but have everything!) and will gift it to her for Christmas. It looks high quality, very class finished color. Look tightly so it won't open in the bag and great size to fit in travel bag. Very recommend.
Will order these again
This is the best primer out there and arrived very fast
Love these. But didn't have all 10 in package.
This is absolutely great for the price. After a few snips here and there I actually wear this wig to work everyday. (since I have blue hair) Shedding is normal for wigs so it doesn't bother me at all, it doesn't even shed that much to be honest. The bangs look really cute too~
Love the size and love the colors! Will work well for the gardening this season. Thanks!
I really loved it! ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
I absolutely love this mirror! Great product for the price! And perfect for my vanity. I was definitely surprised at the quality of this mirror!
I love this clip! I will be buying more from this company in the future! These clips are a great quality and well worth the modest price.
This is an effective and old fashioned method of moisturizing the face. I wouldn't be without my frankincense!
I have almost used all of a single color. The only think is I wish I could buy a single color instead of a whole set since I only use a certain color. other than that i think it is good quality and easy to apply.
This face wash provides a clean / refreshing feeling every day and night. Since using this wash I have noticed that my pores are smaller and the irritation on my face has gone down as well.
Great lipstick! I never have liked the shiny lipsticks so this is perfect for me. Super pretty color too!
Love the case and all the piece are made of good quality materials.
Since purchasing this brush I now find that I can dry my hair much quicker than when using a hairdryer. I used to rely on straighteners after drying to make it looks silky smooth but with this hair dryer i don't have to! Overall it is an improvement on using a hairdryer and less time consuming.
Thank you very much! Everything corresponds to the description! It is very comfortable to apply on the skin! Big tubes. Very satisfied. I give 5 stars. very attentive, honest seller.i will be your client with respect.
My daughter has suffered from blepharitis for the past couple of years and this is the first product that has actually, and drastically. improved the condition of her eyelids.
Smell was nice used it for travel in my carry on. Lasted the length of the trip and even when I got back. Smell was nice not too overwhelming.
I love this product, I have only use one product so far from this line that was not good. This adds a lot of moisture without making your hair wet.
After living in the southwest for some time, this incense is a favorite way to enjoy the same wonderful fragrance from when I used used pinon firewood in the wood stove!
I always use this straightening and curling iron, til I found this 2 in 1 hair straightener and curler. It is super lightweight and with powerful effect.I would like to take it along with my new year journey as it is a travelling set. Amazing!
I love it after I brushed it out.
Great product . The texture and length are great . Very realistic looking . I recommend this product .
Has Biotin in it good for nails, I use as hand wash.
Great product! My hair is oiler on the top and the ends are dry and damaged, and this works amazing on my hair. It feels clean, soft and is very hydrating! I'm a product junkie and this is one of my favorite shampoo finds!
Not a lot to say. Basic barrettes. Do their job. Good price and arrived promptly.
Love these silicone facial scrubbers! They are very gentle, yet you feel that you are really getting clean. Plus they are safe and sanitary. Not to mention very economical.
This product was so easy to use! And came faster than I expected! Nice smooth and even cut. Would definitely recommend
Great product left my clients lashes extremely clean allowing for optimal lash retention
Everything pictured was received as expected. I'm satisfied with my purchase and the price was amazing.
I discovered this product years ago. It is just hard to get into town and the Origin's counter at the local store that sells it, it seldom staffed. When I found it on Amazon, I ordered some. Just a dot of the serum often will eliminate a blemish overnight, for me, at most 2 days. The bottle is tiny. But a little goes long way. I only occasionally have blemishes. But, when I do, I want it gone. This does the trick.
It's hard to find something that works on my naturally curly hair. John Frieda never fails.
Love the smell , I used to buy cetaphil lotion but I like this one more
My Hair is shiny and soft.
Humidifiers are a essential for a room. I bought this one for myself because the others I bought are for my family. I used to have dry skin and chapped lips but after I bought this, I didn't get dry skin as much anymore
Smelled amazing and felt clean, naturally.
This is the best brush I have ever used on my hair! The bristles are so soft and full that my hair doesn't get tangled in it and it just leaves a silky smooth finish to my hair. It is easy to clean, easy to hold, and just overall an amazing brush! The company even sent some freebie gifts in the packaging which made it all the more memorable! This would make q lovely gift for loved ones.
Love all the colors! I want to say some colors are fairly similar, but for some reason looks different once you put them on your nails. Been having a lot of fun with them doing my mom's to my sister's and friend's nails! They all love it! Looking to purchase more colors!
This is the best curling iron I have ever used and achieves the look you want
feels great, super cold, but relieves tension.
Great product! Better coverage than other brands leaves skin feeling nice and smooth
Love it very pleasant
Although, like everyone, I wish this lovely scented lotion came in larger bottles, I have never found a more pleasantly scented lotion. It makes great 'purse size' gifts (for friends or yourself!)
Very happy to find my favorite lip gloss on line, since it does not seem to be available in stores now.
Niece loves it! Perfect for travel and sleepovers!
I love everything about the hair
Thing was great for my daughter it got rid of zits and all that yucky stuff on your face I give this 5 stars 🥰
This is a absolutely beautiful piece Had a Harlem Nights Theme Birthday Party to attend and this Was a show stopper
Nicely made. It seems very powerful and cuts well.
These make face masks alot easier to put on and a much easier to maintain than your average face/makeup brush.
Great product and good customer service! Love the sandalwood!
Did work for my gym clothes.
Good size for my brushes and the plastic material is actually pretty good too
This cutter has lasted more than a year of daily use. It is better than all of the other cutters sold on Amazon. (I tried them all.) It cuts everything from 25 mg pills to 1200 mg pills cleanly each time. It ended up being more than 1,000 pills that I cut before the hinge started to weaken. I'm definitely buying more of this cutter.
You can never have too many bobby pins. They always seem to go missing lol
I love the QUALITY from this oil. I use it with my kids and I can actually tell a difference
Have only used this product for a few days but can already see a temporary difference as so far when the product completely absorbs then I still see the same wrinkles. Am hoping that time will give a different result and wrinkles will lessen.
Love this product I put on my face every morning.
Love the styler. You need to dry your hair (mostly) before as it does not have very good drying power. Leaves my hair soft, shiny and smooth. As good as a round brush.
I used this steam flat iron this morning to do my hair and it is so amazing. I was able to do my hair in record time. My hair is straight, soft, and amazing today. Great steam iron.
I was a little leary on trying this at home but I have to say there is nothing too it! I have very sensitive skin and this did not irritate my skin at all. The directions were very clear step by step which made it so easy. If you are a first timer like myself I would recommend putting some news papers down so you don't drip the wax on your floor.
Good products. I would buy again
What a wonderful feel. Purchased after a Youtube review put it at the top.
I have pretty sensitive dry skin with eczema. This sunblock works well for my daily use! And I really the texture of the cream as well as its subtle scent.
Showed up on time! Great product, I've been using it a couple years now.
Great server cue and delivery
Omg!! I have dark brows, maybe a 1/4 away from a true deep black. This mean black brow products were too dark and browns way too light, but this is perfect!! I love it and will be buying more!
I don't write many reviews but I wanted to let the world know how AMAZING this shampoo and conditioner are! I have lots of allergies (betaine, fragrance, etc) and ever since I was diagnosed, I have struggled to find hair products I can use. I have tried SO MANY and have spent lots of $$$$. In the beginning of the year, I started having a new sever and embarrassing allergic reaction on my face - forehead, eyes, ears, neck. Not only did it look horrible, but it itched terribly. The doctors didn't help! I had a feeling I was allergic to something in the shampoo I was using so started my search for a natural shampoo without betaine (which is the hardest to find). I stumbled on this Raw Soapberry Shampoo and decided to try it. My skin slowly started to calm down. It took a month to completely heal. Afterwards, I realized that I was allergic to rosemary, which was in the last 3 shampoos I tried. I am so grateful I found these natural and effective hair products! I am a customer for life!!!!!! Thank you for taking the time to make such a wonderful product!!!!!!!
Fast shipping, great product!!!!
I am on my 2nd bottle of this product and so far find it good. It tends to give my hair more volume. It is not super emollient. I did not use it long enough to comment on hair regrowth yet.
After last night's use, I felt a lot of dirt coming out of my skin, a layer of fine dirt. Today, I feel my face is white and delicate, I like it very much
Received the package quickly (2 days). Was as expected however I cannot yet attest to the fact that it does or doesn't work. I began using last night, Everything was good - no burning or anything. Will ammend in 6 weeks with final review.
Item came very fast and was as described. Haven't tried them yet, so will come back and review the rest of the items there when I do.
After doing research on the topic, it seemed that in order to encourage new collagen production, a minimum .5mm size would be needed... these aren't as easy to find here as the more common .25 size. The serum included made this an excellent value. I found it easy to use and not painful. Expecting to start seeing results after some weeks of use (.5 and larger should not be used every day). Update: one use of the roller, and regular of the serum, frown line greatly reduced!
Love these. The actual branded ones are very expensive. These are cheap at a fraction of the cost and works great!
This is my favorite pallet!!! Great colors, ordered a second one for my daughter!
I got this nail polish gift kit and set for my lady so that she could paint her nails and toenails. She loves how it comes with six different nail polishes. She likes how it's non-toxic. She likes how this nail polish usually last longer than other nail polish.
I've been looking for a replacement for the eye cream I used. Now I found this and happy about it. It's been effective for anti-puffing and anti-wrinkles. Liking it so far!
the customer service was the best customer service I have ever received. I reached out to them for a problem and they were always so quick to reply and with good resolutions.
I do my pedicures at home to save money and the only thing I was missing was a way to get rid of calluses. Not anymore! These are great!
I have always had strong healthy nails. However, My nails were ruined from multiple shellac applications and removal. After using this product consistently for two months, my nails are back to their healthy state.
Is really good...I used this product for years for my eyebrows
I love the hair texture. I also love that the hair does not shed . It looks natural I'm overall satisfied with this wig
Delivery is quick and good quality
A fine product, and it's well designed and easy to use. We're in a rather deep valley which limited the reception to just CBS (ignoring all the other paid-for, foreign language and religious channels) and so had to find an actual broadcast digital antenna to mount on the roof. The support staff was more than helpful and quite considerate.
one of the cleanest and decent taste proteins out there..
Love this! I'm so happy with this! My daughter alway ruins her nails but this dries them so quickly! We recently switched over to gel polish so we needed this.
I love all of Kari Gran's products, but Essential Serum is my favorite, and the one I would not do without. It gives you glowing skin. Will be a customer for life.
I used to use high end Clinic shaving gel, which costs about ten times as much as this. Once on a trip I mistakenly left it at home, so I bought a Nivea. Since then (almost twenty years now!) I've been using this. I've tried various other brands during these years, both high and low end, and Nivea always wins.
Exactly what I was expecting. This is the same stuff used in my salon. Will order again.
Nice feel. Does the job nicely.
My husband was very pleased with this product.
Started having whiteheads after I turned 60, nothing helped. Mine were on my upper chest, cheeks, side of my mouth. Now no new ones & existing ones are slowly going away. Will buy again!
It's unbelievable how the Finesse products work so well and don't trigger my allergies and asthma. I am allergic to grass, trees, molds, dust, nuts, and latex. Finesse is the only shampoo I can use without having itching and shortness of breath. I use the conditioner as well and I love this stuff! Been using it for years and years.
really enjoyed this hair. I would recommend this hair to everyone..
Best hair stuff ever. Loving how this smells. And how long it lasts on my hair.
I am in love with this hair product since the moment I got it! I spray my hair before drying it with the hair dryer or before using straightener/curler. It leaves my hair soft, shiny and healthy looking. The smell is very pleasant as well. I will definitely be buying it again.
You will find that it is easier to apply with a mitt that covers your hand. Goes on smoothly and evenly.
This is my favorite lotion.
I got this as a gift a couple of years ago and loved it when I used it. As is typical I had many other lotions that I needed to use up and this one got lost with the rest. I did a search and found it on line and now I know where to get it. It works fabulously, I love the scent, and I am so happy I found it.
Good quality. Works as expected.
I have been using twice a day since it arrived. I already noticed a decrease in dark circles. My new favorite cream in the bathroom.
My hair and also my husbands hair has been thinning terribly as of late. Mine more so as I do a ketogenic diet. I had read about biotin shampoo and my doctor also recommended it. This made my hair feel quite nice, I have had less loss over the last week than previous weeks. I am following the whole regiment and so far love it, this spray adds a little extra for volume and also gives my hair a nice finished look when drying and using straightening tool.
I like the bright LED light and the 10x mirror is perfect for plucking my blonde eyebrows. The mirror was easy to put together. It is so adjustable.
After child birth, I got KP so bad all over the backside of my arms it was gross to even touch because I was so bumpy. I'm not kidding the bumps were gone within DAYS of using this stuff!! So impressed!!!
Soo much better than any other I have ordered! Thank you! I ordered one other rose oil at the same time . I have been using oils for various things for several years now. I know what a gamble it can be some times buying on line,and rose oil isnt cheap!.. So Gya wins out ! I also ordered Neroli. I am extremely happy with that as well!
I have very sensitive skin so its hard to find something that doesnt irritate my face and this cream doesnt irritate it at all! I will definitely be buying more
I think this product is great. Very easy to use and it's something that can be done really anywhere. I must admit that at first it made my face hurt a little, but over time I got used to it. I can't say that I see any visible results yet, but my face does feel better. I will continue to use this product.
Who doesn't love a good face mask? Charcoal masks help draw toxins and bacteria out of your skin. This mask leaves your skin feeling soft and helps fight acne! It doesn't take much so this will definitely last a while.
Awesome, awesome, awesome. This stuff works for me. Love the scent so does my wife, and makes my beard nice and soft and it feels nourished. Great job
Very hydrating autumn
I recently bought a diffuser and the oils were recommended. I thought I would try and see if the lavender scent would help since I have trouble sleeping. So far so good!!!! Thank You
I got these because of the reviews. It's good product.
All Super cute! Don't think about it twice
I like the different sizes and the sturdy smooth shape of the hair buns.
This product works well and tastes good - not like some of the tastes of other balms.
Product exactly what its supposed to be. Very effective this absolutely is a great product will buy again and again
THIS PRODUCT IS THE BEST ON THE MARKET BUT I DO FEEL THE SHIPPING IS TO HIGH IT IS MORE THAN THE PRODUCT AMOUNT. BUT THE PRODUCT IS THE BEST AND AMAZON SELLERS ARE THE ONLY ONES WHO HAVE IT.
I like the product but it did turn my heels orange
Easy to use. Bottle some smaller than anticipated but colors are great!
I work 12 hr shifts in a factory - this stuff works.
The suction head is great, but also a replacement of the suction head, he can be perfect to draw out the black head, I will let my wife also use it!I have always had blackheads on my nose. I have used many kinds of blackheads before and can't completely remove them. This one is really ok.
I am very happy with this mascara. I like the brush and its flexibility. So easy to apply and gives me glamorous lashes. It stays on all day. That's all I am looking for and it's delivered
it drys up the hair a little but using together with the shampoo and conditioner give me a great result stopping my hair of fallen by 80%
I am 70 years old so I don't expect a lot but with this cream I don't use concealer anymore It has diminished wrinkles and lightened area enough to make it acceptable for my age
This is my family's and my very favorite hand soap by Bath and Body! Smells the best! So glad I can get it on Amazon since we don't live near a Bath and Body store! Great price!
This top coat worked very well on pedicures and manicures
It smells nice and absolutely does moisturize.
Good price I like them
This product is making a difference. It's easy to use and really brightens and whitens your teeth. And it's affordable
Excellent buy. Thanks
I make a mess but my teeth feel amazingly clean
In LOVE with the hair... the first two pictures are after the wig was washed and dried. Then my stylist did her tang... I could've worn this hair right out the bag, but decided to get it shortened
I never cleaned my brushes, I would rather throw them away! Now I clean the brushes and save money on being able to keep my brushes. Love this product!!!
My girlfriend loved it
I using many nailed file this one was smooths. My kids and my newphew love this no scar for file nail.
So convenient! Don't have to worry about a thing, just turn warmer on and wait for a few minutes for the wax to melt. This is for me easy to use, and affordable! Great stuff to have always handy!
Granddaughter loves them
Love the fragrance but the cap was a pain. the rubber stopper broke off and there was no way to reseal so I lost some to evaporation but by then I was so hooked on the fragrance I bought a full gift set.
Absolutely adorable! Great quality!
I am impressed with this device. I have used a number of microdermabrasion machines professionally and can say this rivals with some. The level 3 suction is powerful like a professional one. 3 diamond heads and 5 vacuum was a decisive factor for me. Immediately after use, skin is smooth and clear, but to see visible results for dark spots, acne scars, fine lines, repeated treatments are needed. Pros: 1 Eight tips 2 Strong suction 3 Works well like some professional machines 4 Easy to use Cons: 1 Comes with just 30 filters. Must be changed after each use. 2 Results are not immediate for dark spots, acne scars, fine lines.
I had no problem with this. I do my own pedicures. Let this sit on my cuticles for about a minute. My cuticles were easily removed. No problem
I have highly sensitive skin and this does not cause any irritation or blemishes. It's very light and works great as a pre-moisturizer under foundation. My skin actually feels better and well moisturized after use.
This is great for women's legs!
Works like magic... I'm in love with this product
This is my 2nd remover. Wore out the first one. I use it all of the time to help remove calluses from my feet.
Perfect bottles for my mixes! I love the entire kit. It comes with 2 little funnels and labels. The glass bottles were packaged perfectly, nothing broken. The spray misters have a good stream, all worked. Will definitly buy more of these again.
this is a very nice little manicure set, definitely a good choice to buy
Let me start out by saying I am very picky about my flat irons. This one is great! Hot heat to get my hair silky straight. 1" barrel to give me perfect curls that last for days. The plates come together so well and don't tug or break my hair. Definitely would recommend.
Really great! So much better than the ones at Walmart! Will definitely buy again.
I'm definitely not a makeup brush expert but these brushes are a big step up from the ones I was using. The brushes seem like they're very good quality. Good quality for the price
I love this already after being halfway through one bottle. The hydration is amazing. Even after I wash my hands, my hands didn't feel super dry (compared to B&BW lotions that wash off easily.) It is not greasy and gross either. It smells great, but it is somewhat subtle, so if you are looking for something to replace perfume too, I don't recommend it. I'm not gluten-free but my (Celiacs) co-worker who I share it with sometimes loves that it is and that it is so creamy too! I love it! I will definitely buy it again for my body & hand lotion.
I cannot wait to grow some hair so I can use this. It is quiet when powered on, runs smooth and doesn't pull at long hairs and leaves the skin looking very healthy as opposed to regular shaving. I have issues with ingrown hairs so I am hoping this will remedy it. So far things are looking good but I used my husband the day I got the shaver as a test subject. We did his back and his belly. He was very happy with no pull but i liked the close cut. After that we used the scrub attachment just to feel it brush on us and it was so soft like a massage. I really like it and I have been using it primarily ever since i got it. Husband also likes it but his use is limited since I like it so much. Also, if this is a gift, the box is really shiny and pretty so it looks very high end.
This walnut shell powder is the perfect size for making your own face or body scrub, or simply just adding a pinch to existing scrubs that don't have enough 'grit.' Excellent quality, and a real money saver!
Your product came highly recommended from a friend of a friend and while I have only used it once since purchase - just received it the other day - her hair looked amazingly healthy and I could see and feel the difference in my own hair - thrilled with my purchase!
Must head up the wax for about 2-3 minutes, maybe slightly longer. Follow the directions exactly.Wait until it's really warm, then use. Wait about 60 seconds and then pull. I pulled slowly, contrary to the directions, which said to pull fast. That wax really sticks so I wanted to be cautious. Maybe next time, I'll go fast.
Easy-to-use careful as tub gets slippery
I've been using this fragrance for the past 15 years. I usually purchase this after the holidays at a discounted price. Now, since I discovered it on Amazon at a more reasonable price, I no longer have to wait for the left over sales. Thanks
Rarely a "test" product buy meets all my expectations - this brush is fantastic for brushing my fine hair, even when wet, without pulling it out like other so-called "wet brushes". Plus, it's cute.
Works better than all other antihistamine eye drops you can buy with out a prescription.
I've always been curious about a steam straightener and whether or not they work as well as a normal flat iron. This worked very well to tame my long wavy hair. It's easy to use and didn't cause any damage, as some irons do. If you have thick and curly or wavy hair, try this one out!
This actually works! I have flat hair and this gives me some great volume. It makes noise like a blowdryer but not as loud. Wet hair doesn't tangle around it and it works great
Plenty of space to use for trips and holidays! Folds down nicely and has several different pockets for hygiene and makeup supplies! The compact mirror was an added bonus as well!
I have been unable to find this in stores in my area for 6 months and have missed this cleanser so much. I have sensitive skin and this is the only cleanser that doesn't irritate my skin. So happy to buy this online as I have missed using it so much.
Where has it been all my life! Lol it's amazing everything at hand for when I'm doing my makeup. And love the extra compartment for more palettes.
Very good product. The brush is soft and the head is bigger than a normal toothbrush. So it's easier for the baby to use.
We use bamboo toothbrushes in our house but I haven't found any for babies so I figured we would try these. They work really good and have had no issues.
I love giving my daughter & myself manicures and pedicures at home. This little kit is absolutely perfect to tend to our nails and I love how neat and organized each piece stays.
Fantastic for age spots. Very opaque. Much better than any liquid I've ever used. I apply it and then cover with a light amount of blush powder to blend into surrounding cheek. (I bought the lightest shade since I am “the fairest in the land.)” (Read pale as a ghost.)
Love these! If you know you're going out for a day or drinking and you're not 22 anymore these are perfect! They have you feeling like a champ the next day
I used this device to remove a number of dark spots that were on my face from sun damage and a couple of very large dark spots on my wife's shoulder; These were very dark and noticeable areas on both my face and my wife's shoulder; It made most of them disappear entirely and the couple that were not completely gone were reduced in appearance to the point that they are barely noticeable. I would highly recommend this device to anyone who want to remove freckles, age spots, or areas of sun damage as it is easy to use and very effective.
This tool is absolutely wonderful and my new best friend!I love this! It gets very hot very quickly and straightens my hair from root to tip with very little effort.
what a wonderful product! In a market that has so many gimmicks and fancy promises, this luxurious eyepatch is a wonderful and long lasting treatment. There is no harsh smell or perfume, anything used in the formula is very gentle and effective. The pads are extremely relaxing I can't wait until summer to take them out of the refrigerator and put them on as I prepare for a night out. are use the patch for the first time the results lasted about two days the second time I used it my eyes looked great for almost a week. I plan on using them on a regular basis! As a make up artist this will be the first step in my routine when I am working on people. The individually wrapped eyepatch is to not have instructions on them so if you are using them for that purpose or giving them to clients it might be helpful to write some information out which is what I did. Love this product!
Great price. Work great.
Loved this matte lipstick! Definitely ordering more!
The power on this is wonderful,built nice.would be top line if they would use aluminum or type metal instead molded plastic.but otherwise I like that it can be stored in case and carry anywhere for travel when not at home.
I absolutely love this product. It's super organic and good for you. It smell absolutely amazing. It makes my skin feel super smooth and hydrated since I have very dry skin. It is not flakey like the competitive brands out there which is very important because all of my clothes end up having visible stains on them. It has been very difficult for me to find a deodorant that is both effective, hydrating, and does not leave stains or is flakey. It absolutely smells amazing, it has a minty fresh scent which I love. It also keeps you cool which is perfect the summer heat and if you have issues with sweating. I highly recommend this product, definitely worth checking out! I'm very excited about this product!
This crown is very elegant and beautiful appearing. I was concerned it would be cheaply made, but that is not the case at all. Instead it is beautifully made and appears durable. I bought it for my daughter to wear to a daughter/father dance coming up. It's beautiful when paired with a princess dress. It was a little big for my little 2 year old daughter, but she will grow into it. Highly recommended for any princess.
Heads work perfectly. Bristles arent crappy like the other brands, I use one to brush my invisalign and it usually tears up the bristles but not on this one! Great quality and it lasts a long time compared to other brands Ive tried.
This is a bargain! Very cute product perfect for Bridal Shower favors. Love it!
These batteries have worked great for my Fitbit zip- I've ordered them before- and will again
This is the best make up I have used in a long time.
I was hesitant at first to get this because all of the reviews say it was broken upon arrival or broke after the first use. Regardless, I really liked the color and decided to just go for it. It arrived in great condition and looked great on me. The application is smooth and lasted the whole day for me. Very happy I took a chance.
This is a great Hyaluronic serum and good price. I enjoyed the free sample of eye serum included. I will probably buy that also. My skin feels great using this serum
Only polish that stays on my nails
Incredible shampoo that is effective with ultra clean natural ingredients. Amazingly, I never get build up too. Though it's pricey, it's still cost effective since you only use a small amount. Highly recommended along with the conditioner. All the flavors have a wonderful scent too!
I love this lavender oil. I love to diffuse it. I even use it in my laundry. Smells so good.
Have been taking this product for 30 days and although it says take at least 90 days I am inclined to think it is working. I havent seen any further thinning of my hair line.
These are great! Taking off my makeup is easy and I don't have to send millions of disposable wipes to the landfill. I use them with micellar water and my face is clean and soft
It leaves the skin feeling CLEAN, which is always a plus for a cleanser. Its great for everyday use and doesn't dry out your skin, but still takes all the dirt and oils out! The little towelettes are also very nice after a long day, BUT don't work if youre trying to use them as wakeup removers.
This product effectively removed my eye makeup, and didn't burn my eyes. I wear only regular makeup, so cannot comment on how well it works for waterproof makeup.
Great shaving cream for those with sensative skin. Have been using it for years. Will buy again.
Very good brushes for a great price!
Love it. Works well, quiet. Will be ordering a larger one for living room. This one is great for a smaller room.
This color is beautiful! I think this will be my new go to. Deep shiny purple, so perfect.
Concealer arrived quickly.The packing is good and the quality is good.The effect of concealer is obvious and we are very satisfied
love this product. I have fine hair and this product makes it thicker. Love the smell
I was very pleased with this product. It's the refill kit to my wax warmer I bought a few months back. Love the different scented wax & the before & after spray. I like that it is all inclusive of the items I need for hair removal. The natural scents are nice too. This product is very easy to use with easy instructions to follow.
I love these cotton pads. I've looked a very long time to find a cotton pad that doesn't leave residue on my face after using them. These pads are soft and perfect for using to remove eye makeup and washing my face. I'm glad I found them.
hands down best smelling stuff I've ever worn even though it's just a body spray combined with the lotion it stays all day it is amazing
Does the job. Exactly what it should do. Heat can't get thru and easy to use. My only complaint is that it attracts dust but it was somewhat expected given that it's made out of silicone.
I bought this for Ramadan! I am always in water and this nail polish really hold up well . I put two coats . Will definitely buy more colors
It smells lighter and has no special fragrance or odor when I applied. Furthermore, it"s not irritating to my eyelids. As from the outside of the package, it is relatively simple, I think it may be to save cost for the seller. But it really looks very good. So I am looking for the effect it will bring to me.
It is large as described. I can fit all the bottles and toiletries needed for a 2-week vacation for 4.
Works good, sometimes they slide off your feet, but overall a great product
Very calming. Great product.
My GF, loves Juicy Jay's and this is an excellent deal.
I love the look and lightness of this wig! The only issue for me is that it does not come with combs or a front lace. However, I purchased a wig grip and it stays in place perfectly! Will buy again!
I really like this lotion. It isn't scented, and it doesn't seem to bother my baby's skin.
very helpful with nail art especially if you enjoy working with gemstones and designs !
This product is very nice. Very easy to use. Comes out very pretty. I use it for nail art. Gonna have to order more!!!
These bath bombs are so nice! they feel great & the scents are fantastic!!! Its like a little vacation away from the world, if only for a few minutes!! I will be getting these for my sisters for Christmas. I love them!
This bag is very very nice. Its real leather and very high class!!! I really glad I bought it. It's has lots of room perfect travelling bag.
I have always been a fan of Brittney Spears perfumes. They smell like flowers and they definitely get alot of compliments. I was amazed at how big this bottle was for the price I paid. Very impressed. Would definitely buy again.
Great addition to my eczema regimen
Used the bundles as clip in extensions and matched my hair perfectly! Will be ordering again. ❤️
I love this little flat iron! Retains heat very well and compact enough to fit anywhere! I use it on my daughter's hair and mine, and we have two different hair types. I'm happy with the heat resistant pouch it comes with as well. Great product!
These are high quality and love the colors! They work great, and exactly what I needed.
Smells so great. Got it for my mom as a Christmas present and she loves it. The smell is strong but not too strong and leaves the room smelling amazing. I was sceptical to buy this product because it was an unknown/unheard of brand but you wouldn't think this basket is from a cheap company at all after use. The presentation is great and the basket includes everything you'll need to have an amazing treat-yourself spa day. Highly Recommend this product.
Needed to replace my chi iron. This ones works wonderfully. I'm not too knowledgable on what is supposed to be good. Someone told me chi, so I spent the $$$$$ on it and turns out this one works just as well for way less $$$ . Leaves my hair shiny and was simple to use. LOVE the display.
Used it last night on my daughter and I. Worked well. Be sure to follow instructions and do it after shower or right after clean face or other area so pores are opened and dirt can lift easily. If try on dry unopened pores you probably will not get great results. Excited to get all the little white heads cleaned out around my nose and chin!
Really like this spray. Very light and really makes my makeup pop! I will be using this moving forward.
I have used this shampoo/conditioner twice in the two days I have had it. I LOVE it! The scent is amazing and my hair feels so clean and soft with no frizz. I think I have found my new forever shampoo and conditioner.
My favourite nail files. The file had 7 different levels of grit. I don't usually use steep 1 or 2 because it is so coarse but it is good for smoothing out my nail when it gets chipped. My favourite thing about this file is being able to buff and shine so I can have nice looking nails without having to use polish.These nail files are amazing! These make your nails so shiny and smooth - best nail file I've found!
Read a lot of reviews saying that the antlers had to be fixed with hot glue, but was pleasantly surprised. A great little piece!
Nice to use in the shower keeps my back clean and it's a pretty good length so I can reach my whole upper and lower back
I have very much enjoyed using this body wash! The packaging is bright and cheery and the scent is invigorating helping to wake me up in the morning! The best part is that it is organic!
I just got this and am so excited to try it!! Came super fast with easy to follow instructions
Love this and I have oily skin
Very good quality hair iron and I'm using it without problem. Just plug it in and follow the manual and it works perfectly.
Well it does smell like coffee lol!! I love this scrub! It really makes your skin soft and supple! I am 64 and always looking for something different to use. It gives my face an incredible glow. I recommend it.
I absolutely love this mirror!!! The light is perfect for applying makeup, not too bright not too dark. It can be both charged or using batteries.
I love my Jade Roller! I have trouble with under eye circles and just put the roller in the freezer for a few minutes and use serum and have noticed a difference. And in the evening it helps to "roll away" the stress of the day around my eyes and forehead. It is great for headaches, too! The packaging is darling, and have no complaints about the product whatsoever. Would definitely recommend to anyone else.
I was very surprised when I received this. I didn't think it would work but I love love it. It took a few tried to really get the flow right but once I did you just press it on and then use the little brush that comes with it to smooth it out. The only bad thing is the shadow did break really easy. I have to open it really slow or it will spill out. I will order again because it really does work well.
I'm very happy with the results I'm getting from the serum. Fine lines are disappearing, skin looks brighter and more hydrated . You have to be consistent and use it daily, in order to see results. I would definitely purchase this again.
A bit small, overall I love the colors and they're really soft. I live them!!
Love this stuff. Don't let the name deter you, it's wonderful to use literally from head to toe. I have very long hair and I can use this wash with no conditioner and not frizz out, hair has never felt so clean.
Awesome!! I loved it. It works perfectly fine, and heats up good.
Just like described! Good quality!
I use this for my hair and my kids hair, works great I use it along with other Shea moisture products.
Glad I found this. Creme is thicker & easier to use
I recently got my eyelash extensions and this was not only really good price but the product is great I love that it has both brushes for eyelashes and eyebrows, this product is great.
I am very satisfied with my order. Highly recommend this seller!
I love this company, every thing from them is amazing. Just look at those ingredients! Drool. I can't find anything out there that compares to what they offer. You will not be disappointed!
I'm actually amazed at how effective these are! I've used SO MANY products on my acne, especially cystic acne, and these patches have really helped. I've reordered 3 times already, as my hormonal teenagers are using them, too. They cover up the redness, but are noticeable under makeup. I've found they work best on on completely clean and bare skin....no lotions, oils or makeup underneath or on top bc they will peel up. They draw out the gross stuff, heal up the wound and reduce inflammation of all sorts of acne. I wish they came in bulk! Much less irritating and caustic to the skin than other topical treatments. I'm a huge fan and so are my son and daughter.
Hair clips are back in style and these are perfect. Add them to your formal wear or use them everyday. They were surprisingly larger than I thought but still look cute. Plus you can keep them in the box they come in
This shampoo is truly free of fragrance. It cleans my hair and scalp and it gentle. It is getting very hard to find shampoos to use because of my sensitivity. For now though, this shampoo is working for me.
I bought one and got another one that I assume was for free? Either way thank you so much! I'm looking forward to using this product! I've been a bleach blonde since January , and I've been needing a toner to lean towards having Periwinkle or some would call it "Pastel purple" hair color. I'm excited to use this product to help achieve my new hair color.
With daily use it really works
Love these eye masks! They help with the dark circles under my eyes!
These shampoo and conditioner are perfect for my hair. I love my hair after applying them. Hair is so smooth and shiny. The scent is pretty nice.
Prompt service and great turnaround for delivery.
First time using polygel and I love it! I'll never use anything else. I was looking for a way to strengthen my nails without using false nails. I used this on my actual nails with no extension of the polygel. It took a bit to get the hang of but is so worth it. I also looked up reviews on the best polygels and this exact kit came up multiple times as the best for 2019 with a 9.5 rating even against gelish. As I said I have never used any others so I have no idea about other brands but I plan on sticking to this one.
Every now and then, I get cracked fingertips. I wash my hands a lot and, perhaps, don't apply lotion enough. These gloves are like magic! I put lotion on at bedtime and slip these on. In the morning - voila! My hands are nice and soft and the ends not sore and dry anymore. I look forward to using these into the wintertime and experiencing such relief!
Have not gotten paid to do this review. Seems husband's feet are less painful since using this product on his feet twice to three times a day. Less dry skin and the lotion seems to help with cracks he sometimes got between the toes.
Loooove. Is as pictured. All my metal pans work and the magnet is strong!
My 4C hair absolutely loves this moisturizer. This is the only one that I use to keep my hair moisturized!
Smells good keeps your bald head shiny and getting bumps
It is so cool for the skin.
Pleasantly surprised at how great these tubes looked. They were the perfect size. I looked long and hard for chapstick containers that didnt look so tiny. I felt the wider tube looked more professional and unique than normal. These are perfect for our business. We prefer to print oir own lables; so included label's, is not a benefit to us. I wish I had more hands. Then, I would give these 4 thumbs up.
Good, easy to use, easy to carry, the appearance is also very beautiful, worthy of recommendation.
I switched from using make-up pads and make-up remover for environmental purposes, and switched over to re-useable make-up cloths and micellar water. This has been my favorite, as it removes make-up and cleanses skin. I have very sensitive skin, so I just use this on my face at night and follow up with a light moisturizer. This combination has done wonders for my skin, and I keep on coming back to this one by Garnier because I've had no negative side-effects.
I love using this moisturizer every night. My face feels so soft and hydrated the entire next day. I dont know about the wrinkles yet, it's a little too early to tell if they will minimize or not. I feel a slight sting after applying but to me that is a good sting, I know it's working. A little goes a very long way. I have been using it for about a week now and I can tell a huge difference in how moisturized my face is. I highly recommend this night cream
Stopped selling it in stores, which was cheaper. great moisturizer, really improves my hair texture
Larger than I expected, but that's a plus cause I can see owl better.
I got the pearl hairpin clip set for my wife and daughter. I bought this set because they looked nice in the photos and I was not disappointed.The quality is fine. After using them for a week, they have shown no sign of breaking. Since it was only used for one week, I don't know the specific durability. If there are any questions about the quality, I will make a supplement comment to that.Great style. It's classy, beautiful and fashionable. My wife and daughter love this pearl hairpin. It is indeed a good choice as a gift.Hairclips are a bit bigger than I thought. It can pin all my daughter's hair (she is 9 years old has beautiful long hair). But my wife and daughter look great with this hairpin.The artificial pearls are securely fastened and look to be good quality too. After days of use, they still look as they did when they arrived. I was very surprised at how nice it all is for the price.One thing to note is that the decorative pins have nothing on the end of it to stop the hair slipping out. And the clips can get caught on the pearl and not close properly if you are not careful. So they will not hold your hair in place without something else supporting them. The value for money of these pearl pins and clips is brilliant. They may not be perfect, but the limitations are easy to work around. My daughter and wife love them!
I have dry flaky skin and a lot of closed comedones and this scrub really helps get rid of flaky skin and helps comedones surface. Love this scrub.
Just started using this and the things I love so far are: the smell, the experience (it is fun to treat yourself for a fraction of the spa price) and the short term results. My hair looks, smells and feels great after use. *Bonus is the process gives me the perfect excuse to spend 5 extra minutes in the shower treating myself to a nice salt scrub treatment!
I liked it, it's a little more blond than I thought but I liked it
Wouldn't buy anything else.
Need this for tooth ache. Cheaper than store.
Great product. I just wish the package was a bit bigger for the price.
This is so amazing and moisturizing. I use it after i shower on my arms and legs. You either have to scrape a little off and rub it in your hands or pop out the whole thing and use it as you would bar-soap. Doesn't smell like anything so thats nice.
Works great wife loves it.
This mirror is perfect for throwing in a bag and traveling with. It is super helpful especially when you're going from hotel to hotel and need to do your makeup and aren't sure what kind of mirrors the hotel room may have. I have also been using it at home in my bedroom so I can get a close up view when doing my makeup or threading. The lights allow me to get a clear close up view and I like that it can be charged and I don't need to waste money on batteries! Would definitely recommend!
Bought this product for my wife she love it..happy wife happy life...
Have used this product for a number of years. My hygienist is impressed by my oral hygiene.
Very easy to use. Received many complements on them.
The parting space is limited but it's still cool for a middle part. I like the hair natural wave tho overall bang for buck
Perfect for on the go as a busy mom that never gets to shower! Love the scent and this brand!
Worked faster than expected.. No complaints and easy to use.
I love my mirror!! Nothing bad. Love that I can use it to see the back of my hair! Easy to install, and stores flat to the wall out of the way!!:)
I love this variety package! Arrived neatly packaged and most importantly individually wrapped with a very pretty assortment of colors. These babies are so nice to use in the shower, they lather up well and not a lot of soap is needed. They really helped me smooth out my winter skin which tends to get really dry around my knees, elbows and hands. I also have KP on my arms and these beautiful scrubbers really help me feel clean and smooth after using them. Definitely recommend. I actually used one for general cleaning around the house as it is not abrasive but has just enough of a scrubbing capability to help get up scuffs and stains especially in the bathtub, floors and sinks!
I'm really self conscious about my chin and neck, and felt kind of dumb buying this product. Well, don't. It's great. Just goes over your ears and go about your business (no business? Ok, watching TV or reading a book). Don't worry, you'll feel it working. Take it off and be amazed! Don't do it too often, don't want that chin to be too tight!
Pretty color and dries fast.
This is such a great bag. Compact yet spacious. Holds everything I need and easy to carry. Great bag Highly recommended.
Love this product. Prevented lips from cracking during the night.
can't find this product on the shelves in any store and this is the best for tanning highly recommend
I've tried a lot of hair products. It really works.
This small scale works great for weighing ingredients making it easy to help me with my weight loss goals. It's lightweight and sleek. I also love that it converts units of measurements!
I'm teaching myself how to do nails it works for Beginners. I just have to know how much to use.
Smells great. Holds well without being stiff. Is also good for your hair...
I have fairly small, hooded eyes and while I love the look of a good liquid liner, it's hard to find one that works with my eye shape. This one totally does, and the black is amazing! I'm able to get that fine line I love, without constantly bumping my upper crease!
This stuff is seriously amazing and helps with excessive sweating and bad BO. I've struggled with sweating and body odor since I was a teenager. Being pregnant has only heightened it and this has really helped keep it under control. I will use this even after I have my baby! (Especially because no one tells you about the postpartum sweats)
I order these headbands for my mother in law, she love it good product.
Product is good. Lock feature works well. Size and weight is convenient. Does what it says. Two sectioning clips included.
Not a lot one can say...they work?!?!?!
Being in the military I have to wear my hair in a bun everyday. I have long and think hair, I stuggle with finding hair ties that don't break or are big enough to go around my bun more then once. I love love love these hair ties. They have great strech and are durable. I also only have to use 1-2 instead of the 6-7 I had to use to keep my bun looking neat and stable.
Fit my current dryer and doesn't come off when I put it away in my basket under the counter! Great diffuser! and stays on the dryer well! Very sturdy! Highly recommend!
Just can"t seem to get more shipped to my address due to being overseas working for the US GOV. Still love the smell, great for evenings.
This worked perfectly. Helped me get through an 8 hour tattoo session.
Truly love this scent and the price was definitely inspiring
They work great without razor burn.
These eye masks are wonderful.I've tried several different under eye masks over the years. They are awesome! They are soft, comfortable and the effects last for hours. Especially great when didn't get a great night's sleep. I love them.
Better than OPI Nail Envy for half The price. Helping my nails recover after months of shellac polish.
The finish could have a little finesse, especially these are meant for young girls.
This is a great quality cream. It really helps lighten dark spots. I'm very satisfied with it and would definitely order again.
So far so good. Bought these for the white toothbrush (which I wish they sold in groups of colors not assorted). I have not yet used, but I can say packaging is impressive. Reminds me of hospital swabs. I can see in package that each brush also came with a clear cap which is a nice touch in my opinion. I will update once I have used.
Wow! For the price! You can not beat this! My daughter does competitive cheer and has strawberry blonde/red hair. Many of the parents bought high price cheer pony tails, but this works just as well. The only problem is this has a clip and not the drawstring, which I knew. I used pins to secure it for tumbling and it stayed in! Once the competition bow comes in, you will not be able to see the pins at all.
Works amazing and is the authentic product
I was always scared to use an epilator, figured it would be ridiculously painful. Not going to lie, the first time was very painful. Luckily, every time after that got a little more comfortable. Now I barely feel it. My legs are smoother than they ever were with razors or hair removal creme. I highly recommend it.
I can see a difference in elasticity of my facial skin. I use it every other day like suggested. It takes a long time though.
I'm impressed by these clippers. They're well made and the rotating steel spring makes it easy to use and store. They are durable, meaning they can be run over by an F-150 without damage. They are very sharp. Not gonna tell you that story. For the price, you can't really beat it.
The foot bath basin has become a welcome addition to my weekly maintenance routine. As a runner, my feet were often sore and calloused by the end of the week. Using the basin, combined with the soaking recipe, has drastically improved the condition of my feet and their recovery time. And my daughter enjoys using it too!
This piano have different sound and plays a nice volume.
Love the color of these brushes. I got rose gold color and they come in bag. There are 16 all together. These brushes are super soft. The blender brushes are flexible and bristles are not stiff or too short, perfect for blending.
My daughter and I love to use this brush to comb through wet hair and to use with the hair dryer. It is great to use and doesn't pull too hard.
It's a great product exactly as it's shown in the picture and description. Would definitely recommend this product
I use this all the time and I have never be disappointed. No irritation and my skin stays super moisturized.
Nice and easy to use!!
It smells yummy too! It does not irritate my eyes, which is something I was concerned about when I ordered it. It has helped with my under eye darkness and puffiness. I will definitely order again!
We use this in our summer house as a natural insect repellent.
To be honest, this is a really nice gel polish. the 16 color is really beautiful and cute, The top and base coat are really nice and the top coat is no-wipe. The shipping was really fast and you can't beat 16 polishes and top/base coat for $30. I really love the colors and i will be buying more in the future.
I purchased this product for some deep cleaning on my face and it really has done a great job! I would absolutely recommend this brush!
Gorgeous! These are thick and well made ! Twist mechanism works perfectly. Will buy more for my homemade lipstick 😊
makes eyebrows like natural
Bought this for my boyfriend for the days he's unable to get a cut. Hopefully he starts to maintain it when it does grow out. He really like how it came with sheers & a lil travel pouch.
Was absolutely beautiful!!
Perfect way to heal winter skin in time for summer.
I use for volume, and it really does the job. I switched over from a wax, and this is more of a foam. It's definitely quicker to use because you don't have to loosen it up. You can rinse it off your hands with plain water, and it doesn't gum up my engagement ring like I worried. Unless you really clump it up, you can't see evidence of it in your hair. You just have magic volume like Steve from Stranger Things.
It is so pretty when lit! I love that this has an automatic shut off, and that it can do an intermittent diffusing. It also had two flow strengths, which is nice.
These eyelashes are amazing! These are my favorite. They are light and soft, creating a wonderful look for my clients. I will order more from this brand.
Super cute, has multiple replacements so you get your money's worth!
I had some issues with the shipping, but once I got it I was in love. It is small enough to put in my purse and go in the Timings, but large enough where I can still see both eyes at once without holding it 10 feet away from my face. No complaints here!
The scent is just way to strong to use the necklace right away after adding oils. Bigger than expected
This mask is great. Really pulls out my blackheads and makes my pores appear much smaller.
Make-up mirror was part of a non-planned gift for my wife. It has all the features that she like, very high quality LED lighting with user controlled light intensity adjustment. It uses 4 AA batteries or standard electrical. Super fast next day delivery. 5 STARS***** :)
i wore this glitter to bonnaroo and i loved it so so so much!! stayed on all day and night while partying, came off pretty easy the next day with baby wipes, would totally recommend this is anyone
It's worked on my eye bags better than the expensive brands from department stores. I am truly impressed.
Excellent. Hair feels and looks healthy
Wife loved. Uses product everyday and night. Will order more....soon
My favorite brand of bronze. Feels great, smells fantastic, looks natural, doesn't stain your hands
It works really well I have only used it 3 times I can already tell the difference.. The only thing I wish it had different size attachments
Exactly what I expected, great product and timely delivery!
It works well beyond my expectations. Thank you. No more struggling with dandruff
Needed these so bad and now I have a backup... as I accidentally threw my first one away.
The product is a bit thick when using so be mindful of that it smells great and works as described awesome product
Before I used to use a cup and solution let it soak and clean brush manually. Now with this gadget it's all contained and cleaned in ten minutes done!! And it got my brushes cleaner than I could.
Nice design! Big enough. My girl loves these bows so much. She wears each color as she feels. Wonderful.
Fast shipping very compact works as intended thank you!!
Very nice purchase. Recommended
Best mouthwash; really lasts 12+ hours
I bought these for myself cause I have dry sensitive skin. I used these and love them. They made my skin so soft and did not irritate it.
Great serum. I already could see a difference on the first time using it.
Spooly at the end is standard, no issues with that, Flat applicator brush side was nice and thin which is difficult to find for some reason. I like my eye brows for sculpted and sharp rather than light natural look. Perfect brush thickness. I will say if you have a crappy eyebrow product, It might now apply so well. I had a crumbling product issue before I realize it was a crappy new pomade i'd bought. I switched to my old classic eyebrow pomade and the brush worked perfectly. Will definitely buy again when I inevitably lose the first one lol
Amazing product and ethically sourced!! You only need two or three drops in a diffuser for a nice smell. Will definitely be buying more
I like that I have all my items right in front of me instead of going through my diaper bag. I wish the elastic punches were larger though.
Really good product. I use it immediately when I received the product, and it easily fixes for covering up tattoos. And it is also great coverage and easily built. I would definitely buy again.
I can finally do a cat eye because of this liner. I love it and it's so easy to use.
After used for a few times, effect is good, it will not feel pain in use. I used to shave my legs, but hair grow out the next day. I am so pleased with this product.
Good value! I had an issue with it at first. I contacted the seller and they were quick to respond and resolve the issues. They stood by their product , Thank you !
For the price these brushes and their case are surprisingly of great quality. There was no fallout as I unpackaged each brush and they feel so soft. The larger face brushes all come with brush covers which I love for storing to keep the shape. I'm so pleasantly surprised.
I absolutely love this meal line I wish that all of my nails would have arrive in the nail case thing as I do put them on display in my room maybe the company can send me empty cases so that I can put these in a case they arrive in individual bags I definitely will order from this company again and again and again
Does not work unless on a completely flat surface. Takes quite a few cycles to completely cure.
Absolutely love this stuff
It took about six days for the peeling to start and it did not disappoint. My feet look the best they have in five years.
Got this as a gift and they love it!
Perfect size for my overnight bag, I buy the big packs for everyday use, so I know I like the product already. Doesn't leave your face feeling dry. No residue left on your hands. Thick cloth toss away wipes, hold together well when using.
I'm 30 years old and have always struggled with acne. I've gone through just about every product you can buy from a drugstore, and I've tried Proactiv. When I decided that Proactiv was too pricey and still didn't work well enough, I searched online and found this. My face is clear now for the first time ever, and my search for the right acne clearing product is over. The only thing I use along side this is Witch Hazel as a toner.
I mainly use Tea Tree for its antimicrobial properties, but it's really good to help calm acnes as well. Just make sure not putting too much cause that's not necessary and the scent can be a bit strong. I had a nail fungus before and I put a little drop of Tea Tree and soak my nail in it for a few minutes daily. It took time but it worked great! I also use it in oil diffuser sometimes to chase away unwanted insects from my apartment in the summer when I keep the windows open.
I love the way this smells and it provides good hydration for my skin in the winter.
It actually works! Thanks from the fine hair girl
Ordering the same serum second time already. Tripled my lashes- I get asked daily if my lashes are false or extensions-it really works! Takes a month for full effect- but saw changes within the first week. I'll use it as long as they keep making it! It's amazing! Length started first, then fullness.
Perfect as described.
Well packaged, exactly like the description was. 180 degrees swivel.
Been using RED for years now. Getting hard to find. So glad you have it. It will be a regular purchase.
This case is great in terms of quality but was a lot smaller then I gave it credit for. For me it was fine but if you have a lot of make up or plan to use this for something else, just know its smaller then you would expect.
I have long hair and this hairbrush really smooths out my hair. I like that it is not heavy and doesn't tangle my hair. It also gives my hair a very nice shine. Great brush for the money.
This is my first time using a blackhead remover. The instructions are very clear. It's easy to use. I started to try with the weaker force. Warming the skin to open up the pores helps.
I really love this product I've tired the other ones but this stays in place all Night on my chest. And the results are awesome I've never written a review but had to on this !
Loved this unit while it lasted! I got about a 2 months wear of it!
The customer service alone was 5-stars! I had trouble getting a good fit so I emailed them for suggestions. They gave me good advice and then offered to send me some more so I could try again. With the new set, they sent additional helpful suggestions! Awesome company and great product
It works well for what it is. It only has one heat setting so if that's important to you then something to keep in mind. I don't think it work well for long and thick hair because it is small size flat iron, but can do well for my short hair. Overall I'm pleased with the product for the price I paid for it.
I bought it for my father. He used to use a manual razor. Shaving beard was too troublesome and easy to scratch. It's done in two minutes now. It's full of power, and the price is not expensive. It can be charged once and used for a long time. The cutter head can be washed with water!
Great set, works fabulously!
This powder helps even out my skin well.
This is an excellent product especially for sensitive areas like the bikini . It gives the closest shave without any irritation and it is very gentle, yet effective. Don't expect alot of foam or lather like other products. Instead, it's more like a lotion consistency, with a slight lather. I guarantee you'll have less or no bumps ,ingrown ,nicks etc. Make sure to exfoliate and moisturize your skin . I won't be buying any other shaving cream or oil because I've found my holy grail 😀 Thanks to the company for making such a great product!
Best mascara ever. I have no brand loyalty whatsoever but I do to this mascara. I actually look like I've had extensions done.
Great purchase !!! Invest in these if I were you. Still use them till this day even tho I upgraded to the wahl 5 star cordless. Really strong. Goes thru the hair smoothly.
I just tried this for the first time and I love it. So easy to use.
I kept having an issue with a spot under my eye getting dry, and this has fixed it! It is very moisturizing! Love it!
This product is AMAZING. I have very very thick, curly/wavy hair. I have been using different styling hot tools for most of my adult life, so am very used to styling. I have never been able to achieve the same "blow out" look that I get when I'm at the salon - until now. This product is extremely easy to use, and great for those with thick, wavy, curly hair that need some help smoothing without losing volume.
Good product. Did what it said and rash is gone.
I really like this scent.
Wonderful product! Didn't need to use cream rinse! No greasy.. Hi
Absolutely love this stuff and the shipping is awesome delivered early again
I love this!!! I use it place.of thieves oil and it's far more cost effective and smells great!!! I highly recommend it!! Organic too!
Absolutely love the sent and quality!!
Good hold & like that it is natural ingredients.
My dentist suggested getting a water flosser/pick and I didn't know where to look and this one popped up. I have been very happy with it and my mouth is happy.
I LOVE this eye cream. I have had dark circles under my eyes since I was a kid. People used to think that I had a broken nose, that's how bad it was! I wish I had taken before pictures without makeup so I could show you the before, but you will just have to believe me that it is a drastic change. I no longer need to pile the makeup on under my eyes. I highly recommend this for dark circles. It works better than any of the more expensive eye creams that I have tried.
this is fabulous - while i have only used it for a couple days i can tell it's doing its job. my eyelashes are less brittle and hold out a lot better by using this oil nightly on them with the given wand. :) if youre thinking of getting this just give it a shot and see how it fares - youll know what i mean then! Thanks Kate!
I bought in pink too! Love these!
Have loved this fragrance for years. Always get compliments.
I think the product helped to prevent more breakouts. The gel was easy to apply and made a noticeable difference within a couple weeks of my first use. I used it twice a day for a few weeks and saw the dark spot blemishes begin to lighten and match my natural skin tone. It's quite relieving to know there's a product out there to effectively deal with such stubborn and aesthetically unpleasant spots! Thank you.
These are better than the ones I had before. They are longer so they come down over all of my hair with no problems and aren't super tight even though I have a lot of hair underneath.
My boyfriend (who hasn't beautiful long wavy hair) swears by this product. And it seems to work, however I personally find it expensive! But it's worth the investment if you're really into hair care!
I have been using this lotion for years. Started on QVC then I found the INIS website. I was sooo happy to see this being sold on Amazon! This lotion has the most amazing scent since 4711 after bath splash. The lotion has a clean fresh scent, that goes on very nicely. Even after it soaks in the skin the scent lingers for a long time. It is not a strong scent, but clean, fresh and very uplifting. I highly recommend this Inis Energy of The Sea Lotion!
Excellent product I would highly recommend it to anyone who deals with any type of aches and pains
It generates steam fast and it feels good to use it for 5 minutes as a quick sinus therapy. I've had long-term sinus issue and it worsened since we moved from south to north. I always got clogged nose and heavy head. This machine served as a nice remedy as the steam relieved my sinus problems and soothed my headache. I have not tried to pair it with a face mask but I will definitely try that sometime.
Definitely for small spaces though, but works like a charm. Smell lasts long after we've switched them off and they're very easy to use.
My 13 yr old son was showing yellowing of the teeth, as he doesn't ever brush well. His teeth are noticeably cleaner and whiter after a few weeks of use.
I love love love DND gel polish! I have gotten so many compliments on this color. I will definitely be getting more colors!
80W power is very fast. Pink is very popular. I bought some for my friend recently.I like this very much
It worked as described.
Beautiful. I love these but they are pretty expensive for the amount you get.
The product came sooner than expected and worked perfectly. I've been looking for a nail plate with mermaid scales for awhile and am very pleased with my purchase.
I did not experience anything but positive results from this product. Everyone has there own experience. Mind has been positive and I will continue to purchase from this provider.
I love the texture of this product, it goes on smoothly and gives my skin a little bit of a dewy finish at first but it does absorb after a bit. I have fairly dry skin, so I need to use this in addition to my regular moisturizer, for me it would not be enough moisture on its own. Leaves my skin really nice and smooth and you can't feel it at all.
I have tried many types of facial brushes,while this device ia quite different. It's softer,easy to operate and lasts a long time. Overall,good item,worth the price!
I use to use charcoal caplets which made a complete mess. This toothpaste does the same things better and less messy. I am a major coffee drinker and although I try and drink iced coffee through a straw I still get stains. This toothpaste is exactly what you need.
Excellent product! And amazing
I use this razor for two weeks every day. Surprisingly, the cost is as much as the razor's replacement head, but the effect is very good. It is highly recommended as the second razor in the car, easy to view using a USB cable.
The oil is NOT greasy at all for one. It leaves my beard much softer and it looks better groomed as well.
Love this variety pack of brushes. Pack has every size you will need. No bristles falling out either. Great set!
Wonderful. I had to put some baby powder on it take our the shine. It's looked too shiny. But after I put some baby power on it it it fabulous
This stuff is amazing!
Great little set. Both scissors are sharp and clip smoothly. The small comb works well and comes with a handy keychain if you prefer to bring it with you. Can't go wrong with this kit.
I really like these as an additional step in my skincare routine. They are very soothing and help with any puffiness. I use these after cleansing, toning, and applying essence - then I just relax or read while I let these work. Once I remove them I pat in the excess moisture and follow with my normal moisturizers and eye cream.
I like it make your bread fell soft
Such a beautiful set! I'm obsessed with skin care so I'm always looking for tools or products to include in my skincare routine. This has really changed the game for me! Helps with depuffing and really gets my serums and oils to penetrate into my skin. Such a great value for a good quality product! Highly recommended.
Perfect for adding light layers of hydration especially in the colder months. This is usually my first layer of hydration before a moisturizer and it works great with no pilling or balling. Hydration lasts all day!
Firm but glides on the hair, I can literally see new waves coming in with each stroke.
Don't waste your money buying the cheap ones there is no replacement for Q-tips
I'm extremely pleased with this product, it does exactly what it says it will do. Definitely give this one a shot well worth it.
Be careful of the speed. Inexperience could lead to lots of pain.
So worth the money this wig is beautiful!! It was perfect for my Jessica rabbit Halloween costume
I had always wanted one. I got tired of looking for different kinds of razors. This is really cool and i think its gonna be great for me
My mrs like it. Not very loud like our old one. The two nozzles seem to be similar, just maybe .5 inch difference. I dont know why they made it same. The cool function is cool. For the price it is not bad.
Hard to fine. Thank you Amazon.
The smell is amazing. I love this product. It is beautiful and works well too.
Great people to do business with. Love the product.
Love SOS these are the large bottles
Love this product and this particularly scent!
There are like a thousand different products to enhance your eyebrows. In my case, it was making them fuller, and adding a tail, in a non-messy way. I tried about 10 different products. Sheesh! Either too messy, hard to use, broke, etc. I was getting desperate. I saw this pencil while perusing thru others one night. For the money, I thought, what have I got to lose? It's a pencil, so I definately expected it to break, or be too hard. So wrong of me! It is very pliable. Goes on smooth and silky, color is perfect. (Order at least one shade below your hair shade.) The pencil lasts forever. I do go over my brow with a pomade, or wax, to tame my brow hairs. So easy. And very inexpensive. Yet not "cheap". I am loving it!!
These are beautiful and well made. I like the way they are slightly curved making it easier to transition along the corners of my nails.
great price for high quality. comfortable and well-fitting. is a mattress pad, not a topper, so it's not going to dramatically change a mattress's overall comfort, but it does add a nice amount of padding to add that cozy feel.I Like it. It fit fine and seems nice and comfy/ soft. Color is fine. looks sturdy.
ok product used it once, it was fine.
I've had 2 others, both paid more for them. This is the best brush for my money.
Easy to apply and stays on great!
Amazing oil... Nice, luxurious, almost thick consistency but it absorbs well. Makes my skin feels soft.
Got her quick. I've been hearing skit about these so decided to give it a try. First time face got a bit red but went away. I have notice skin a little softener and pores opening up. Feels nice when you apply softly.
I bought these for my guest bath - so much better than handing them the plastic one you just got from the dentist. They look like they cost more than they do.
This is perfect for applying lotion to my back. The sponge part is actually a very, very firm, non-porous material that doesn't absorb the lotion (great for me because I'm using a prescription cream), is easy to rinse and hang. Highly recommend!
Good price for 6 toothbrushes, and very comfortable to use.
Definitely love the color and comfort.
I love this stuff. It makes my hair shine . It also takes out all of the tangles
My daughter loves this serum!!!! After a few years of over plucking her brows, they have naturally become very thin. She's been applying this nightly and noticed a big difference in new brow growth. She loves the wand applicator as it makes it easy to apply with the right amount of serum.
I tried so many other kind, but still have to come back to this one. It increases the volume of my hair, a it lasts for days. Life savers.
I like it. It smells good.
Good files, my only wish is the little ones had a rough edge all the way around instead of just on the flat parts.
Better than spa pedi. The massagers and heating element are awesome. Bought one as a Christmas gift for friend who has already tried it. She loved it so much she ordered one for her mother.
I didnt notice anything for the first five days or so and then, all of the sudden, my lashes were noticeably longer and thicker! They continued to get thicker and longer over the next week I think I have a bit more growth to go but I'm happy with the results so far. It's really easy to use and doesn't cause any irritation to my eyes or skin. I have seen some people say that it burns, but I didn't experience that. My guess is there is another reason for it. I recommend not using any lotions or face creams prior to using this, or at least waiting ample time between, then you should have no issues with burning, also make sure your face is totally clean first, especially of eye makeup. I have been using it once a day at night time right before bed. If you want longer, thicker lashes, this is a much less expensive option than paying for the extensions or fiber mascara and much easier than applying fake lashes on a daily basis. I will definitely be purchasing this item again.
For a small portable waterpik, it does has a strong water jet. It comes with everything you need for water flossing, got 4 jets, storage, charger and tongue scraper. Perfect for travel given it's lightweight.
So soothing, love this product. I have psoriasis on my face, and it works well for me
I like leave-in conditioners and chose this one mostly for the fragrance. Fresh and simple smell of rose petals. It comforts me and lifts my spirit. Not too sweet or powdery. Not as complex, heavy and perfumery as many modern products have nowadays. The list of ingredients looks safe and simple. Seemed too heavy for my fine hair at first but then I found the way to use it right. Customers with normal, thick or coarse hair should not have problems at all. Cannot say if this product stimulate hair growth. I only bought it as a natural and fragrant hair treatment.
Love it! Very easy to work with!
This product is awesome! Can't believe the results already and theres no nasty taste either. I recommend this product.
This foundation stays! Even living on the coast, it stays sweat-proof.
This scrub has helped my usually peeling lips to feel smooth and appear more healthy. Plus they feel moist after I use the scrub.
I love this hair , no smell , very soft. Very thick and full.
Soft & tangle free. The customer service was awesome
Good size, excellent quality. Zippers and compartments are well designed. Mine's brown canvas and I use it for my toiletries case, but would consider this for carrying other things as well. It's very nice.
I travel frequently, so I needed a bag that could get through airport security without causing any issues. The included bottles are a nice touch for liquids, and the clear plastic material prevents the TSA from having to open/search through the bag should it be pulled for a closer look. Highly recommended.
Product was 100% what I expected.
I rarely straighten my hair at home. I'm way more likely to straighten my hair when I'm traveling. I hate when I can't pack up my straightener because it's still hot. Something that really drew me to this was the heavy duty case. I was surprised with how much I like this straightener too. It's pretty much impossible to turn it off when you don't mean to because you turn it on by twisting the base. It's easy to see the temperature you set it to since it's on the outside. It also came with 4 alligator clips, a comb with a tail that helps you part your hair easier, and a heat glove. This was a good value.
My daughter has very thick curly hair. This is the only hair band that I have found that actually holds up her hair and doesn't break.
I'm in love with the color and large size for my makeup kit and lash extensions! It also comes with keys to lock the case! It's sturdy and worth the price!
My skin can be dry and scaly. This product works wonders in moisturizing my skins.
Arrived quickly and in excellent condition
These haircutting scissors are PERFECT for a quick trim or hair cut. They are sharp, easy to handle and come with a wonderful case so that no one grabs them for cutting paper or ribbons!
Love the spinning brushes, it makes it easy to dry my hair. I have long thick hair and I have not problems drying it quickly. I like that is a bit big in size because it is easier to handle with my long hair.
Thank you for a product that works. Eased the pain and makes me more comfortable.
I'm a tired mama with a 2 year old and 2 month old so I definitely have bags under my eyes. These feel really nice and moisturizing.
It's a great hair dryer. It dries my hair really fast. There are different speed levels and you can pick whichever one you like. It's not noisy. It has great quality.
I lost my Anastasia tweezers and was looking for a replacement without the expensive price. To me these are just as good. Thanks!
I've thought about getting these spiral styled hair ties for a while but, even though I have thick hair, I didn't feel like the larger ones would work for me. This size are perfect. I can put it on without twisting for a looser ponytail or bun and, for a snugger fit, I can use it doubled.
Brought this product right before a wedding two white knock my teeth. Easy and quick to use and deafly notice a difference after words.
Used this some years ago and happy to have it again. Great moisturizing. Love having the pump.
This stuff works wonders on your skin. Trust me. Your skin will have a nice glow and look better.
Can't find in stores anywhere
Best company. Mouth health first. Buy again... A+++
Gentle wind, quiet noise, feel good in the hand, can dry my hair very quickly.
My hair really is way curlier, and i just have wavy hair normally. I love it! Such interesting, tight ringlets!
Loved it worked great buy again
My hair dresser gave me a sample of this for Christmas, since my hair is mostly white. I liked it so well, I bought it. I got a much better deal, than in a beauty shop.
Great product, makes your hair feel real soft and smooth
Exactly as described.
Works well for a long time. Bought this over a year ago and it's still working!
Best pore cleaner ever! My skin looks like it did when I was a teenager! Easy to use and clean.
These nails are so simple to put on if you follow the instructions. I love the color and they are very secure. I haven't lost a nail yet.
Great quality material, seems a little thing and very tight. Concerned the material might tear but beautiful prints!
This is a wonderful product! I've used this product many times before in the past and still love it! It will take a dry hand , knees or elbows and make them very soft and supple in One application! The thing that I like least about the item is that the oil seems to get everywhere, I think there's no getting past that, so I keep it in a baggie and the extra oil that gathers in the bag I just add back into the jar. Love this item!
These soft curlers work very well. I have used them several times, curls are wonderful, the curlers are holding up fine, still like new, made very well. Other soft curlers i had tried don't stand up to these. Highly recommend
Cute bow exactly like the picture.
This is a good razor etc. It small enough that I can take it with me when I travel. It works good. The brush (face cleaner) makes my skin feel so sift and clean
Perfect for a night out! These lashes look great, great quality and very easy yo apply once you have mascara on
Hi Gabriel, I just noticed that you left a feedback and I wanted to personally thank you. It means a lot to my small business. Would you do me a small favor? Seller feedback is different than a product review. Could you copy paste your feedback to the product listing page? That would be awesome. For your convenience, I'm attaching your feedback and a link to the product review page. You wrote: Great product I would definitely buy again the seller really seems to care about the products they sell
I have trouble using nail clippers because my hands are large and my fingers are semi arthritic. These clippers solved those problems. It is a great design and they are well made. I am very pleased with them. I just ordered two more sets for gifts.
The designs are fun, and they fit & stay in place perfectly.
It's powerful enough to blow dry my hair quickly, and the cooling button provides a blast of cold air that allows me to blow dry my hair quickly without getting burned. Detachable air filters prevent hair from getting into the duct and are easy to clean. The exquisite appearance is easy to use and convenient to carry. It's really worth it. It's worth it.
I really like my new shampoo. I have used it a few times since it arrived and I love it. It has a very nice light scent. My hair feels great and has more curl to it that normal. I feel that it is a nice sized bottle. I am excited to keep using it. Great shampoo.
Very pleased with this purchase. Have not used all of them yet, but what I have used are fine. My skin is very dry, especially now during the summer and being outside a lot, so I have been applying either fractionated coconut oil or the sweet almond oil to my skin every morning.
Easy to use and shows results in a week
This brush has a higher loft than most brushes, and since the hair it uses also is very springy, it's become my favorite brush. I would have liked a slightly heavier handle, but that's just my preference. After months of use, the only shedding was the 2 hairs that came out on the first use.
This is a gift so can't review the products in the box but everything looks good and I received it quickly with free shipping.
Really helps eyeshadow stay on all day.
Tried this product for the first time as I was attempting to use it to strengthen my nails and harden them against cracking. So far it's working. I'll keep using it. Seems to be very good quality. I recommend it
Expect to try it.I think it's effective
Just what the doctor ordered
I use them to water my plants. They work great
Equivalent to the more expensive name brands at a fraction of the price. Heads snap on easily and the bristles are not too soft and not too hard. At this cost and quality, I will definitely be ordering again.
A bit too expensive but worth every penny. One of the few blades that suit my sensitive skin.
This really works wonders I wasn't sure how good this would actually work but I gave it a try. It's easy to use and it brings a ton of things inside the box. If you have stubborn blackheads or want the easy way out this is the easy to go.
Lashes were in described condition, but didn't suit me personally. If you like DRAMATIC lashes then these are for you, the band is thick but still pretty flexible.
I am so glad I found this product. I have a limited collection of makeup brushes so I have to reuse them, and sometimes it muddles the colors. This sponge takes off all the color within 1-2 swipes, so the brush is ready for another color right away.
I have got 5 different bottles/brands for my hairloss due to postpartum . So far this is the best.. I have been using it for a week now and seem like the hair loss problem is improved.
Even as adults never to old to need this.
This blow dryer is amazing. I love love love it. I love the look and it's a good quality product. I catch my daughter using it more than her own. She loves it too!
We used this for a body spray, turned out fantastic
It's great! Just done over use it. And it's cheaper on here
Love these. Perfect size for the tiny travel sized jars of product I have which I don't want to stick my fingers in. And no downside to using them with larger jars either, I've never had to use more product than one of these scoops could hold. Also awesome color assortment. (clean) Q-tip for scale.
My sister in law loves it and says she is "going to wear it the entire day" on her birthday!!
Helps with my dry flakey skin!
Received tons of compliments about this hair! no frizz!
Beautiful product, definitely looks younger!
Making the mold was simple and the directions were very clear and helpful. I received my mouth guard very quickly. I am extremely happy with it and i feel that i have been sleeping better. My jaw doesn't ache from grinding my teeth in my sleep. Very happy and would 100% recomend this company and their products!
Good paste at good price. Will be buying again.
I was pleased with the quality and battery life. They arrived fully charged and everything was packaged nicely. Very easy to use also.
I've used shower mirrors before but either I had to run a hose to it from the shower head or had to pour hot water into the mirror cavity. Both types worked just fine but this little mirror is far superior. The razor holder is a nice touch. IT REALLY IS FOGLESS
The makeup organizer is exactly as pictured on the Amazon website. Love the black and beige color combination. Really pretty all in all! :)
Really happy purchased this useful product. It made my house WiFi signal really enhance, my phone and laptop can contacted WiFi anywhere in my house, easy set up and small.
This makeup is amazing! My daughter uses it while working in the haunted house and she absolutely loves it! She tried a few brands and this was by far the best out there. Especially for the price!
Love that it's rechargeable and easy to use
Received my wig on time & had a gift of ventilated wig caps included with it. The wig looks exactly like the wig advertised. I have a fairly large forehead , but this cap is comfortable & fits perfectly. The hair is full & dense & the curls are beautiful. The mixed brown & blonde color is exactly as described & beautiful. Curls are soft, very realistic, & without that high shine that most people hate. Because it's a tight ,curl, you will need to either finger comb & or shake it & use a pick to style it the way you want. The wig is compressed on delivery & because of that I shake it first , then I use a spritzer containing water & a small amount of a detangling leave in conditioner that I spray on the wig ,before I shake it a 2nd time & style it. It's a lot of hair which I like because it fits my face. However some ppl might want to tweeze out hairs or use other methods of reducing the bulk. The only thing I could ask for to make this wig better is for it to be a lace front. I highly recommend this cost saving, beautiful wig.
This has been the best violet shampoo I have ever used.
I can't believe what comes out of your pores even when you frequently wash your face! I'm going to buy my teenage daughter one as well.
I bought this as a first time wig wearer and it was so easy! Highly recommended.
Easy to apply and doesn't bother my eyes at all. Im looking forward to having longer lashes!
Good fit, easy on and off They seem to help with foot problems.
"I really like the stability of the case. I was blown away the moment I opened the package. I loved the feel and look of the materials used and how precisely they snapped together.The rubber surround has a nice smooth, dull finish that allows good grip. Not only does this case look different than all the rest, it it very handsome looking having the best balance between form and function. BEST OF ALL - I LOVE that this case comes with a kickstand separately in the package. There is glue on the bracket. You can stick it anywhere on the phone. Last but not least, how you you not love the fact that the screen is protected by a tough plastic cover instead of having to also by a film. I feel that this will have far greater protection than a film. And yes, the touch screen still works perfectly to my surprise."
Great product! I like the minty smell and fresh feeling after use it. And it clean my hair very well!! Thanks!
These are great.I feel good knowing that I am using a environment-friendly toothbrush, as I have been reducing my plastic use significantly.And the price is about the same as the wasteful plastic toothbrushes.
Loved this hair brush! It's now much easier to detangle my frizzy hair after I wake up in the mornings. I wish I had found out about this much earlier. Thank you!
Good price and the quality of the oil is good. Nice and strong.
Great price. Easy to use. Leaves my face feeling great. Can't wait to see what long term use will do.
So much easier to use then the other tubs. Love this. Color is always amazing! I have been doing this cooor for 7 years
Takes a little while to start seeing results, but definitely works!!!!! Smells good too, and doesn't leave my face dry or irritated!!!! Definitely will keep using!!!!
Really great mirror.. you can see EVERYTHING on your face with this mirror.. things you had no idea that grew on your face LOL..
This one is an excellent foot mask. I love using it. The effect is seen immediately, the skin after using it is so soft as baby's one. It moisturizes really well. Sooo good. Love it.
I love how this product isn't harsh on my skin. It feels tighter and more firm. My complexion is looking more even now as well. When I apply and after it dries it doesn't even feel like I applied product on my face which is a winner for me because I hate products that leave sticky residues.
This magnifier mirror is excellent. Intelligent design & magnifies perfectly.....yikes!!! Where do these black hairs come from??!!! I will probably buy this again as a gift.
Very nice works great
Thank you. As described.
This iron is great for carrying in bag it's not bulky and it heats fast!
Love it, I have to apply twice daily, since living in Arizona due to the heat! Will definitely by again!
The EDWIN JAGGER Ivory Porcelain Shaving Soap Bowl With Handle is very nice. It is easy to rinse clean after use. I like the comfortable knob handle. But most of all, I like this bowl's pleasant appearance since it is made of porcelain and has a shiny finish. It looks great and performs well. Good product.
Love it!! I've been using this sponge for a couple weeks now and I am obsessed, it's super soft and washes very easily, super impressed!
I used to go to nail salon to do Gel Polish. These are my first gel set I bought. Love the colors.