It charged and worked like a dream for about a week, then had some difficulty charging, and now will not charge at all, despite trying every fix found online. What a shame. Past the return window, of course.
Received disc opened and non-functioning
Not a good replacement. Never fully charges no matter how long I let it charge, and only lasts about 30 to 45 minutes.
don't buy this piece of shit. the joysticks will stop staying straight up making any game you play beer off in whatever direction gravity decides to take you. wish i could get my money back. if i could give 0 stars i would.
Broken out of the box, customer support was of no use. Just use a regular controller instead
Extremely dirty & had to return and had no cords, memory cards or controllers
Not worth the money. Earphone has statistics come out when listen
Glitches are bountiful, making the game nearly unplayable if you want to 100% the game. It's like they didn't even play test this game. Thanks activision, for ruining yet another game.
The package arrived with two authentic-looking vintage controllers. I tried them with a few Steam games from the 16-bit era. I didn't get past the menu of any of them. The controllers register a constant input. From where? Who knows. It happens with both controllers. I even took them apart and removed all the buttons to try to isolate the problem in case something was making contact. Even when nothing is touching the board, it has the same problem. I have no idea how this product has more than one star.
Worked once. Didn't charge; the gamepad flashed orange (not red) indicating a faulty battery. Returned it.
Unit was defected, definitely best to buy at a brick and mortar store. Amazon seems to have dropped the ball and is selling defective/counterfeit units.
DID NOT RECEIVE THIS PACKAGE AND THERE IS NO CONTACT INFORMATION FOR AMAZON OR UPS
It's over price you can get a cheaper one in ebay that won't take a month to Ship. The Seller Wont Help You if The Memory Card Doesn't Work
Never got the item! I ordered it the email said it was delivered and it never arrived!
ordered same thing but with gold pass and battle field v
Horrible. Crashed anytime my son tried to save. Also the previous owners profile names were still on and they were extremely offensive.
After batteries died, the game won't turn back on with new batteries, also won't charge.
I would not have order this if it said it ships in a foreign language. My son simply looked at me like I was crazy. Could have paid XBox $10. and downloaded it in English.
I did not receive the item
This game came without its case?!?! It's in a clear case that is scratched up. Very poor. I'm sure game will not work either.
Turtle beach is a good mark when wired but this "high end" wireless headset just lacks for the price you pay for them.
You have to reboot the Xbox several times in order for it to read it and then it just stops working in the middle of the game. It's as if it were used
Does not get range it says I got another from local store same range so it says but works way better.
They gave me some used one wasn't even the one shown on picture
Disappointed with the poor quality control this product has.
Game did not play but Amazon made it right without the hassle of having to send it back! Thank you Amazon!
the disc came with deep scratches in the paint
WE opened the game up on Christmas Day and there was no bloody game. TO add insult to injury, my son accidentally took the case to school with him and we only just got it back and wouldn't you know we missed Amazon's deadline to get a return. Really shabby.
I will not be able to use this item. Out of the bag, the prong from the red end of the cable was broken off. The opposite end seems very flimsy as well.
I, like most people, bought into all the hype surrounding Days Gone. However, it shares little in regards to The Last of Us. You play a tool of a character, with a weak storyline. The controls are laggy and sloppy, for everything from shooting to riding the bike. This title was the biggest letdown I've had on play station yet! If your too curios buy the disc, so you can sell it and get some of your money back.
Awful item broke for me after the first month also started to interfere with my 300$ mic and other devices
This wii is a piece of junk! Nothing works! I have tried it on all of our tv's and Nothing! What a waste of money! I bought this for my grandkids and it was a complete disappointment. I will never by from this company again. This experience has taught me not to buy anything that is refurbished.
Bought two and both Wireless receivers that plug into wii must've shorted something out so it thought I was pressing left on the d pad. Don't buy this junk...
Console came damaged in box. Amazon box it shipped in was fine so it was damaged before shipping. Had to return for refund
Doesn't work at all. Tried 20 different games, tried to clean, for an hour tried turning on and off. Dead on arrival. You would think someone would at least test these before selling, shipping, and then dealing with returns.
I only order it for the promo code and it just showed up and what do you know there is no code. I'm pissed
This wasn't the American version didn't have the ac adapter or the poster . I've gotten 2 and sent them both back
Loaded game in console and performed updates. Game will not launch on my Xbox One. Very disappointing as brand new. Game does not start. Reset Xbox, turned it on and off.....same result. No game play.
Don't buy from this seller didn't check to see if games actually work.
Would not work with my Samsung tv to get it to send signal even thoe device light up like it was suppose to from my knowledge
Very odd concept for kids to play
very hard and uncomfortable.
Did not work. Got it for a Christmas and now I can not return it
I ordered this cause I can't find it anywhere else and I recieved the Japanese version instead of the English version. No where in the name or the description does it say it was the Japanese version
Ordered XBox 1 received PS4 version!!!!
Fake knock off!! Doesn't come in package, say Turtle Beach on it, or doesn't fit my PS4 controller!!!! Was for my daughter, not she can use headphones I found on Xmas!!!!!! Thanks for screwing people over
Don't buy it will not work. Waste of money
The Game console itself wasn't the problem. The distributor was the problem. Amazon wasn't proactive enough to follow through with the distributor to ensure my delivery. My purchase was returned without my knowledge until days later.
Very frustrating. No tutorial on how the controls work. Unless you know how to play I would suggest a pass on this game.
I tried to contact the seller 3 times through email and once through text; with the provided phone number in the confirmation. I haven't heard a single thing from them and it's been over a week. (at the time of writing this review) I'm sorry but I've tried to work this out. Hopefully no one else has this experience. There are other sellers who offer a better version of this package at half the price. I went down that road and had my purchase taken care of within a few hours. I really hate to leave a bad review but I've spent $30 on literally nothing at this point and have not had any of my emails returned. I suggest anyone who's interested in this offer looks elsewhere.
Same old bs, thought I'd buy the game just for kicks since I hadn't bought an nhl game since 2015 and its the same just as I suspected I literally cannot tell the difference but I didn't care till I started playing and realized I get penalties every time I try to follow up a shot. In short this game sucks but so do most sports games at least it's somewhat fun when you shutoff all the penalties or minimize the frequency like I did.
It's not that the game was bad or defective but ... AMAZON sent the WRONG game!!! Now I won't have the one I ordered to give my grandson for his 6th Birthday!! Gee .. thx Amazon! NOT!!
Well the kit was great but the headphone were broke when we got them. First time my son put them in his ears they broke.
Controller won't connect to my system no matter if it is wireless or wired, absolutely absurd
I ordered this Thursday night the 12th. Amazon guaranteed it would be here tonight the 13th. It wasn't. Ive issued a request for return and reimbursement immediately and l will go pick up the item myself tonight from gamestop after work. Very disappointing Amazon.
The product never came
Even though creditable websites like ign says all retailers are giving everyone the basic retail bonus and to find out Amazon isn't is complet trash. Not only have they gotten rid of preorder discounts but now not giving us something basic that gamestop and others are sucks.i would rather cancel the rest of my video game orders and go through gamestop again. Plus I get release Thursday night vs at some point of the day. 0 stars but I was forced to give one. Sad too cause amazon doesn't care and wont do anything about it
This head set is very tiny and does not bend where you need it to. It makes my ear hurt because the stem right above the earpad is stiff and starts cutting into my ear.
The detachable microphone was damaged from the day I received this product. I do not recommend
There was no disc in my physical copy. Why would you deliver a steelcase that only has downloadable codes on it? And not only that, but the codes were just for the SD content, not the actual Borderlands 3 game. I'm going to take my own life, holy sugar honey oh cr tea my guy.
Game worked. Received in like new condition. However game sucks. Badly. If Sim city was a space ghetto builder,it would be this. This game sucked harder than my vacuum. And it's a Kirby.
DO NOT ORDER!!!!!!!!!!!!!! DOES NOT FIT XBOX ELITE CONTROLLER!!!!!!!! LOST MY MONEY AND NOW A CONTROLLER UNTIL RECEIVE AN ACTUAL GOOD PRODUCT! DO NOT APPRECIATE YOUR BUSINESS.
Lasted a good 8 months, then I put it away for a few weeks and then I pulled it out and it stopped working. It flashes showing that it's charging, but after I left it overnight, it still wont turn on, my guess the battery doesn't charge in this instance. So I'm at a loss here. Definitely not worth the price
Box was clearly opened and resealed. The sleeve the disk came in was torn and opened as well. I made a prior review calling this exactly what it is trying to warn prospective buyers, but they won't allow it to be posted for sone reason. (The word starts with S, ends with M and has an C and A in the middle there.) But this item is not new, and when there's a game code involved you definitely need new.
You sent me the wrong item and ruined my sons bday! This is ridiculous!
Garbage. No padding for ear and the audio is terrible. Do not buy, especially for ps4.
VR "mode included" strikes again! The trailer you might've watched for this game? Yeah... you can't play that game in VR. For VR you get about a half hour tutorial which, once you pass, will unlock a free paint mode. You're mostly painting 2D on walls but there is one level that you can paint in 3D. I don't know the relationship between the non-VR main story and this painting mode and I'm not going to play it to find out. I feel cheated! At best the description of this game is misleading. From the description on the product page you can't really tell what you'll get. I hope this review helps to deter anyone buying this game to only play in VR. Maybe this game is great in 2D but that's not what I was looking for. So, this game is more like Ace Combat 7 VR "mode included" where you play a few VR levels but not the actual game, and not at all like Resident Evil Biohazard VR "mode included", where you play the entire game in VR but have to watch a few cutscenes in 2D. I think Sony needs to come up with a third tier of branding for VR games like this...maybe say "VR Content Included", which would signify that you can't play the game in VR but you can do extra stuff that you'll need a VR headset/camera for. I just think the way they pitch this game, including in the PlayStation Store, isn't really accurate.
Defective on arrival. No packaging and bent connector. Wouldn't insert into my gaming system. Can't return product if defective.
I have still not received my refund!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
System doesn't read perfectly clean disks. Don't sell a system that doesn't do what it's supposed to
My set is disappointing, I have these sitting on the stand next to my television while I use the cheaper a40 instead! When I first got these in they worked great every once in a while but now never work. I can hear myself but zero game sound only myself chatting. I did a software update hoping that would fix them but it didn't. I wish I could figure out what is wrong with these, like I said when they worked they were GAME CHANGERS! Let me add, they only worked great for about 10 total minutes.
Do not buy this product. Its buttons do not always respond, the control stick squeaks and is sticky when tilted right, and one out of every ten times it rumbles it will never stop rumbling. Total garbage product.
The Kontrol Freeks received are for the Xbox 360 controller. The packaging says Xbox one but the Kontrol Freeks themselves are too big.
Came without serial number
Sent me the wrong game.
It doesn't work right. I'm pushing the buttons and flicking the artificial guitar strings, but for some reason it's not transmitting to the game systems.
Don't waste your money the first kit well worth the money this is crap
The controller would not charge again after the first use. Don't buy.
This vendor is okay unless you want it quickly I didn't know the Pony Express still existed
Never received the item and asked for refund , May buy in the future
Seller was gread game is horrible
Came with battery corrosion and did not work!
ordered the wrong game
I bought the product as new and it came with little scratches, there are not big deal but I bought de new one and it doesnt seemed like it was new
This set of headphones is garbage. I would not recommend these one bit. I can hear everything around me more than I can hear the game. Wish I wouldn't have bought them
the best kingdom hearts game collection ever and arrived on time; anyway one of the two discs doesn't work. The first one was perfect and I didn't even try the second one when I received the item (this is my fault), I recently try it and it doesn't work (but my playstation works well in fact I bought another copy of the same disc and it works...). It's a pity.
i cant get the game to play on my laptop. it loaded a link to steam where I have to pay 19.99 to play it im confused and disappointed by this experience. but the game was delivered on time to my mailbox
Product did not work. It's been returned.
Bought this on October 5th - both joysticks will not work anymore. I'd recommend saving your money
My game didn't come with the dlc code for X collection 2. I had originally thought I just had to beat all of the titles on the 1st installment but in reality it just didn't have the code.
I didn't even order this and I tried to return it but Amazon Customer Service said I needed the product, and it never even came. I want my money back!
I've copied and pasted someone else's review here that also sums up my problem following this purchase: "This game, is the original Fallout 4, that is supposed to come with some codes to the DLC's on Steam. However, there were no codes included for the original game or DLC's. It was packaged with what appeared to be a mismatched interior booklet. Like it was part of a larger collectible set or something at some point. In any case, this is not usable without the codes -- which ARE NOT included. You are not gaining anything by purchasing a hard copy retail disk. At least not this one. A major disappointment as it was intended as a gift what was ultimately unusable."
The one wii controller that can with it doesn't work. No lights will come on brand new batteries.
DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER CASE CAME COMPLETELY DESTROYED, CAME IN CRAPPY PACKAGING, very unhappy about my purchase, took more days than normal for Prime and I dont have the time to return it for a new one since ite for a gift so thanks for sending me an unusable gift as the case is all cracked to hell
Game didn't work. Ordered from a different seller. Worked fine.
it keeps on freezing
Disc won't load Xbox says the disc is damaged.
Bought a none USB headset with this adapter but it doesn't work.
Game Boy SP was supposed to be in "good" condition, not only is the exterior horribly messed up, (which isn't a big deal to me at all), but the screen itself is completely messed up, and nowhere near "good" quality. Don't buy from this seller.
Could not use, it does not have the right input ends.
Never receive the item.
Online multiplayer (non zombie) is without a doubt the most boring multiplayer I've ever played. Seriously. You'll see what I mean (or hopefully not). Wish I wouldn't have wasted 59. The zombie part is cool though. I'm going back to TitanFall
Junk, would not hold enough charge to use. Too much trouble to return for such a small amount. Avoid.
I waited a week and a half for this and I was really excited as it was one of my favorite games as a child. It didn't work at all, it wouldn't even start up and I was very disappointed. Will not be buying from this seller again and would not recommend.
Ordered this game but package arrived with the plastic sleeve cut and the game removed from the inside.
Didn't even work. Wouldn't download or read the disc...pretty disappointed
NEVER RECEIVED PACKAGE, HORRIBLE SERVICE. DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND ORDER FROM OCULUS ITSELF. WILL SAVE YOU THE HEADACHE. IDK WHAT COMPANY WOULD SEND A 400$ PACKAGE THROUGH USPS WITHOUT ANY DELIVERY REQUIREMENTS.
No good. Bought it for psp 1001 DID NOT FIT
I returned the game in 36 hours. So frustrating.
Garbage. Used twice and now it's broken. Such a waste. PDP warranty not easy to deal with for replacement. Don't bother.
Not happy with this purchase, the holes were not in the right places and could not be attached to the actual controller.
I ordered the first controller, worked well but the mic port was busted. I was emailed and the message said "i've sent a replacement for you at no additional charge." and thought that was the end of it. I was thankful when i received the new one and it was in good condition, however they still charged me for a second controller which was broken to begin with, don't waste your time or money and get charged multiple times for faulty products like i did, go get yourself a real controller from a reliable seller.
Was going to get an keyblade for pre order, but never did, or can't figure out how to use it, so until someone help me out I'm giving it an 1
My grandson lost his charger. So i purchased this and of course it was coming from China. I waited patiently but it never came. I did reach out to the seller and they did refund my money I just wish they would have valued my time more making him wait and then never coming through. I would recommend anytime you are buying on amazon to check the seller and make sure they have a good track record.
This game did not work. Not sure why you would sell a defective game. Returned.
30 minutes and the power went out, do not buy this product
Took it out of he box and plugged it into the outlet. I heard and instant “POP!” inside of the small transformer box and it started smelling like something was burning inside. This charger is defective. Does not charge the PSP.
Shipping was very slow. Wrong item was sent. I ordered for PS4 and got XBox One.
Do not buy this product. Bought 2 copies from this seller. Neither one works. Installs but will not run. Waste of money
I didn't get it with the other items that were delivered.
This item sucks I bought this item it shows it has the connector for guitar when I got it it did not come with the connector so NOW THE STUPID GUITAR IS ONLY GOOD TO LOOK AT
Really disappointed.. the package with this game was empty
I was upset at first but it was my error in operating the xbox it actually was better than what i expected and was a bargin price.
What I dislike is you constantly bugging me about a damn review. Well here's one for you. FUCK OFF
I bought this product as a gift to my boyfriend. Unfortunately, he didn't open until recently sometime in the middle of May this month, so I'm well past the return period for this product. It did not work at all. The fans didn't work, the USB ports were very snug and hard to put USBs into, and I tried seeing if the stand could still charge controllers and it didn't. I couldn't see if the controllers were charging for the 2 stations since they're upside-down and I wasn't able to see the charging light for the controllers, so I tried connecting one with a USB cable and there was no indication from my controller that the charge stand was even working at all. Unfortunately for me, mine did not work upon unboxing. In fairness, it should have been opened earlier, but it says a lot when a product doesn't even work after 6 months of staying boxed after delivery and it's not even operable after being taken out for the first time.
Easily the worst game I ever played. Since well like ever. Bad camera dynamics, driving is slow as watching grass grow and basically pointless. Faster paced game similar to this would be a blast but it is just not well developed. One look inside the cockpit view while driving should about sum it up.
This is super cheap, it does not fit and it is not returnable. Save your money.
Never received the item therefore requested a refund so disappointing.
Didn't work when received and now cannot get one
Terrible game. Changes and tweaks that should take days to address take months. Once you hit end game may as well shelf it. It'll lose all its charm right then
Worked for a month and now it doesn't charge ANY of the controllers any more. Return window says closed so now I can't even get my money back. What a poorly made product!!! Very disappointed and so are my kids as they got this for Christmas and only got a few uses out of them. Very very Frustrating.
I opened the box and the remote was a RCA remote. I think someone else must've returned the item and put some old remote in the box and nobody ever looked to see the product and then I get shipped some remote that is not the remote on the box. So disappointing.
My order didn't show up even tho it said it was delivered, is there a way get this problem solved
Opened the box to wrap it for xmas and found a large gash in the front of the game box. Not from opening it as I ripped the tape off to open the box, not using anything sharp. Will update on xmas if there is anything wrong with the game inside since it's too late to exchange in time.
The game would not wotk properly. It would allow about 10 mins play time and freeze. Changed batteries, purchased proper adapter, the whole 9 yards. Stinks because we were really excited, as this is an arcade favorite.
Don't buy, constant problems. Bluetooth constantly disconnects. Headset is basically useless.
Why would u send a 3.0 sensor then send a 2.0 extension
The item that I got is not what it show on picture. I don't know if this a real smaller of scam I need my money back or need to be exchanged to right item What a time and money wasted
Keeps freezing up. It was a Christmas gift and my son (9) was really disappointed. After the fifth time it froze in 15 minutes, he didn't want to try anymore. I will be returning to Amazon. Also, it was impossible to switch players. We have four other Just Dance games, so we're not new to this.
No sound at all, not happy with my purchase
Not pleased with the packaging it came in and it was suppose to be in very good condition but it was not
Used code ruined disc and i payed full price fuck you
It's a brick right out of the package and scanning the QR in the box is not helpful at all. I've been reading a lot of reviews saying that you need to go on their website via PC to update it. Could someone please tell me what that website IS ?because I can't find it.
Love the arcade version of this game. Bought this for my 10 year old son. Set up on two different televisions same result. Followed all directions with new batteries. Calibration works just fine. But the lag between moving the gun and the game recognizing your movements makes it completely unplayable. I read the reviews before buying so it's my fault. Just threw it in the trash. Don't waste your money.
Garbage!!!!! Got this controller for my daughter and it doesn't even hook up to the XBox. DO NOT BUY THIS POS!!!!!! I wish there was a zero star option. ***UPDATE*** In order to make this work with the Xbox you need to buy a USB break away plug. Even with the break away you have to have it just right for it to work. Still a bad purchase.
So I bought August 8th, 2019. It's October 30th today. So I had it a little over 2 months and the right bumper has already gave out. There is no weird noise or pieces broken just the device it's self gave out. So before I got upset I tried to call,email,and text about the information with Microsoft but they didn't respond or answer. I saved all the emails and texts for confirmation. So as always Microsoft did not give the customer service that we deserve. So thank you for nothing and do plan on moving the rest of my stuff to Sony and apple. Thank you, and God bless!
I was not aware the item was used and not only that when I received it it had dirt and grunge still on it from the previous owner. Additionally the L button on the left joy con does not work. Unfortunately due to being unavailable for military purposes I cannot return the item until November and not likely to get refunded. Overall, this could have been avoided with more attention to detail especially with a used item. It was filthy. Hopefully this doesn't happen to someone else.
Received a broken controller and was told I would have to get a refund due to not having any replacements thanks for nothing Amazon.
I bought this game as it is supposed to be an N64 classic, but all this game does is frustrate you to the point where physically cannot play it anymore. Absolutely the worst game I've ever played in my life. If you like to have fun playing your games don't buy this piece of garbage even used for 5 bucks. The controls are horrendous even for its time, the story is jumbled and not explained well at all, you will fail missions out of nowhere near the end of them so often that you will want to punch a wall, there are no health packs and even on the easiest difficulty a few shots will kill you, and the graphics are average at best. This is by far the worst supposed classic game I've ever played and I'm mad at myself for even buying a cheap good condition used copy.
I returned this due to no cable was included I didn't try the DVD because of this
Never got my package
The downfall of the Vita was the frankly absurd price for memory.
Cables are only 10ft long. Cables are NOT 16ft as described. Buyer beware!
Didn't fit my PS4 controller..connector was too small
Piece of crap, it's a scam don't buy it. Does not work.
Don't order amiibo through Amazon if you dont want them to come damaged. 7 out of the 9 I've ordered on 4 separate occasions have been messed up. Feels like they do it on purpose
Did not even receive these replacement joysticks, instead I received a pair of boxer briefs.. huh.. and the product info says no returns. I don't know if it's on amazon or the tech company but definitely dissatisfied.
Got this in July and I hoped it would last a long time. It broke yesterday Oct 8th. The wheel collapses upon itself and doesn't fit well in the slot anymore. I am only 188 lbs. I can't imagine what would happen if you were in the 200 lb range.
this ps2 i bought, u guys said it was very good, but when it arrived it looks crazy inappropriately bad. the console was just cracked and the top was coming off, it doesnt even play disc game, it bring out smoke which smells bad and i have a little one who inhaled that smoke! disappointing. controllers dont even function, the wires are torn and i could see the green and red naked wires. no mem card which was promised! this game was a total waste as i have even trashed it tho! GUYS DONT BUY OR ELSE YOU WILL GO THROUGH WHAT I WENT THROUGH AND IM SURE THAT GOES FOR ALL CONSOLES THEY HAVE!
Falling apart, second one I have owned and they all just start peeling off. I even bought a fan for my PS4 so when it heats up, it doesn't cause the skin to peel off but not even that helps. tried clear tape and nothing works. Total waste, looks cool for a week then goes to crap.
So I wont go into any of the numerous bugs that the game has released with, many of which are the same bugs from Fallout 4 that never got fixed. I am going to say that the game is finished at about hour 5. Once your build limit is maxed and you realize there is no point to building since there are no threats to your base, and your stash is full, then the game is over. Sure you can go exploring to see all the loot you cant pick up or use. Or you can go kill stuff to see more loot that you cant pick up or use but why would you? If you enjoy walking for the sake of walking then this game is for you. Add to that and the game is on sale for half off less than 2 weeks after launch just shows that this is a cash grab only.
After 3 days of use the controller stopped working will be returning do not recommend this brand to anyone
Charging cable was faulty.
This will "NOT" work with any US or NTSC Nintendo console. I own the SNES (small mini or Gen 2 model), Nintendo 64 and Gamecube and none of them offer RGB output natively. So the description should be updated to state this fact. Only the Europe and Japanese consoles supported native RGB Scart support. But "NOT" the USA consoles. I have not tested the original fat SNES US system but I can confirm that the consoles I listed above do not support these cables. I'll keep them since I do plan on importing a Super Famicom as that console does indeed support native RGB Scart output. The US consoles can be modded to output RGB but "do not" output natively.
Pictured in the item description is a US version disc that is not what I recieved. I received a European or Canadian version with a red 18 in the rating square on the cover instead of an M for mature. There is no noticeable difference until you attempt to purchase the downloadable add on, Moon Crash. I loved the actual game and never had an issue until Amazon snuck this one on me. You cannot purchase or download content for a game not in your "region" . I purchased the add on in the Playstation store online and the game downloaded and attached itself to my US version of Dishonored 2 where I still cant play it. Do yourself a favor and immediately return any game made for a foreign region. I am attempting an exchange first to see if they send the correct disc. We shall see.
Absolutely horrendous delivery! Did not arrive even near the date it was supposed to, and to TOP IT OFF the day it said it was delivered to my mail box, it was not there. Horrendous horrendous horrendous. If I could give less stars I would.
Very upset. This mat cams with 2 missing prongs in the adapter. It took me a really long time to figure out why the mat would connect and disconnect quickly! You can see all 3 prongs in the center. There is one missing in the center on the right 3 and the 3 one on the left 3. I was so excited too...
Still WAITING to receive. Difficult to write review with out having the product to use.
It's a fake product, doesn't work, and not like the picture at all
Not an Xbox 1 controller..This 3rd party company is a rip-off!
Liked the length of the cord that is all
I hate to give bad reviews, but they gave me the wrong cord to charge the battery packs :/
broke after playing smash ultimate for about 4 hours, really great waste of money. the c stick and a button stopped working altogether randomly in the middle of a match with no warning. remote wasn't dropped or anything just stopped working suddenly. for the 4 hours it did work it was great though!
Game doesn't work. We keep having issues trying to get it to play.
These headphones needed to be returned they never worked.
Don't buy. PAL version. Wont work on US consoles. Would have been nice to have that listed somewhere..
1 month in the plastic on the right side broke, I taped it. Two weeks later the plastic on the second side broke, I taped it. Two weeks later the microphone stopped working. What is this garbage?
Person I bought it from never sent it
Item listed as NEW. Received item -- box was NOT sealed. Opened it to find several Scratches on the back Touch Screen. Immediately shipped item back. I cannot stand Sellers that pull this devious Crap. NEW MEANS NEW.
I love the game but u can't play in offline mode I found this out when I bought the game
Do not buy in the USA. European cord but it is Sony so you can switch it out. Bonus games do not work. Used our play station account to enter the codes.
Controller dead in 3 months from normal wear and tear. By far the worst controllers on the market. I still have NES Controllers that work perfectly fine.
It's so weird I've ordered PlayStation hits edition from amazon , what I received is the normal version with Arabic written on it and “not to be sold separately “ tag Could someone explain ?
The has broken. I bought this as a Christmas present. It lasted 3 months. It sucks.
Still waiting for someone to make a good fun putt putt golf game. This is not it. I played this once, and then gave up. It's just nothing like you hoped it would be.
Came in French I cant even play it because I don't know what the tutorial is telling me
Came in broken. No return policy. Just lost 7$. Wouldn't bother with it again.
Paid for next day and it never came I still dont have it I will never order from them again they also gave me a tracking number that didn't work
Not very good.They don't stay on.
Would not play in my Wii
Picture shows one thing and I received something else. Glad I waited a week for this.
Game cartridge does not work. Tried it on two different consoles which both play my entire library of games. Very disappointing, as I am a retro gamer/collector.
I got the game for my husband and it sucks. Pretty much you just click around for the people to move. You're not actually engaging in anything.
The box did not include the game. Help!
ds lite in great outer condition, but sent me the wrong charger, until ive been sent the correct charger the one star will remain.
This product is not compatible with PC.
Was very disappointed with this item. When I received it it was obvious that the item had been opened and returned by someone else. Upon further examination by my grandson it was obvious that pieces were missing. I do not order things from Amazon to get someone else's returns. I also returned this item and will not order this type item from Amazon again.
Love the game. Did not receive DLC Code for preorder items
The description said there were 3 games in 1, and it also was printed on the box, but there were only two of the games inside; however I said.. its ok... it was very cheap... so I tried to install them and they do not run on the latest IOS updates. Maybe that last part is not responsability of the seller, but the 2 discs instead of 3 is.
Didn't have a useful code to allow play. When I called the company for a new code they gave me another that would not work. Wasted my money and time.
Product was poor condition not good like they claimed.
never received english edition no matter how many times requested.
This seller has been sending the Spanish version apparently. Got mine in Spanish despite the description making no mention of that and having pictures of the English version. Others, including a friend of mine, also got the Spanish version around the same time. Amazon customer service could care less.
We haven't received the game yet even though we pre ordered on October 30th with prime and amazon said it was delivered yesterday before 8pm but a day has passed since it said the package was deliverd yesterday
No deluxe edition content was included. There were no download codes, or even the silly controller skin as indicated on the cover. This is a base copy of Rage 2 with nothing included, just at a 20 dollar markup.
Ruined my controller with the cheap parts. Ended up just buying xbox one official controller.
I received an empty envelope. I didn't get my product.
1 of the batteries lasted 4 days and stopped charging.
Have not received Please credit my card
I loved the product... Until my cable started disconnecting for no reason mid game. I need a replacement and can't find a replacement that fits .
Dislike the product wasn't full screen as I thought
Charge for both batteries lasts maybe an hour and a half. I have resorted back to using regular batteries for now while I search for new battery packs
This is a very low end product. Stopped working after 2 months
If you have the ability to have this on PC do yourself a favor and get it on that. The console experience spoils a fantastic game. On the PS4 the frames dropped below 20, the game would pause and take more than a second to register what you wanted your characters to do. The loading times were down right annoying. Wait for your mission to start, wait for another loading screen to finish creating the map, then wait for you to just start playing and if you have to load another save it repeats all over again. If you have the option do yourself a favor and play this game on a computer.
Playing with the switch in handheld mode, using this product has a lot of input delay.
Supposed to be compatible and not machine specific. The characters work fine but the Spider-man playset (world) does NOT work with Disney Infinity 3.0. Disappointed our 7 and 6-yr old boys. Too bad.
I ordered this for my 5 year old and it was a waste of money. It didn't last long and it's very light so once's it drops you can kiss this baby good bye. May be it would better suit an older more mature kid.
My son hates it. Played it 3x and now its in the game grave. Im old school...Played Sonic on the Original Sega. This game has a strange overhead view and nothing like most Sonic games. Graphics are a bit lame and there simply is a reason why its only 39.99
Didn't seem like it actually charged the controllers, and the lights on it are way too bright.
Couldn't fit my controller in the charge station after I put this on.
Hard time picking up Wii remotes. Very off with the actual movement of the remotes
Disappointed. Not anyway as good as 4. Graphics and storyline are lacking.
I took a shot buying these as opposed to the powered and lighted dot shot. Even with playing with the brightness on my tv the reticles are hard to see. They do stick well with no residue though. Overall just pony up the extra ten dollars for the lighted version.
Calling this game mediocre is generous. I bought this game primarily to play the multiplayer with friends, but played through the campaign to get a feel for the game. Graphics are okay, no better than par for the course at this point (Battlefield's are slightly better). Frequent display glitches where the top 25% of the screen would lag or break pretty consistently during cutscenes. Story is unimpressive and the overly aggressive CO gets old extremely quick. Gameplay was choppy at best, seems there's a cutscene or a change of perspective every time you start to build any momentum. The health pack system made the play very frustrating - most levels are played something like: pop two shots, find cover, use health pack, repeat. Simply not very satisfying completing the campaign. Multiplayer is as bad as others have described. If you have someone else living with you who does not appreciate you yelling at the screen constantly, for their sake, do not buy this game. Laggy, inconsistent, and frustrating. As I mentioned earlier, I bought the game to play multiplayer with friends. The party system is an absolute mess. It's nearly impossible to play with friends. First, you have to change default settings to join parties at all, and if you're lucky enough to successfully create or join a party, you're likely to end up in entirely different games. I'd estimate I've successfully played the same match as my friends no more than 20% of the time. Please save your money until these issues are fixed, I promise you it's not worth your time in the current state the game is in.
got boring fast didnt think it was a walking around talking to the whole town to find 1 person. and learning to fight.
This controller showed up filthy and pretty disgusting. There is gunk all in the crevices and it's just gross. I haven't even tried to see if it works. Not happy with it!
Didn't fit very well.
This was a great headset for about a 2 years until the headset stopped charging. I paid enough money for this and it didn't last. Shouldn't of bought.
Fast shipping but the head on the lone ranger was broken off has to super glue it back together.
These aren't worth the money. They pop off constantly and don't provide much as far as grip goes.
This game has a glitch that gets stuck in the pause screen.
The build quality on these is terrible for how expensive they are. They break on me constantly. This is my fourth set of 2, and I have to have them because Rocksmith is still easily the very best at what it does and I still play it today, and there are no alternatives to this cable.
It keeps displaying unable to charge. Its hard to tell if its actually charging or not, but I assume .. no.
The game was great but the guitar only worked for 2 days then the blue button stopped working completely.
The controller that came with my PS4 was great. I got more than two years of use out of it, though the two controllers I bought afterward developed issues with drift only a few months after purchase. On this one, I even purchased a silicone protective sleeve to account for any issues on my end. I think maybe just the quality has suffered. Any time I try to play a game with either of the two new controllers I purchased, the characters move forward without me directing them to or the cursor goes crazy. I can't describe how difficult this has made it to aim. It even goes crazy on character select screens. I've gone with a third party device this time around, and if the same issues develop in a few months I'll have to accept I have the grip strength of the Hulk and I'll edit this review to reflect my fault. As of now, very dissatisfied customer.
Game crashed during cutscenes, was nearly a 50/50 chance each time I encountered on. Poor framerate issues in a lot of areas, and I had to play in handheld mode as there was extreme amount of input delay when using the Pro controller. Lost around 5 hours of progress from all of the crashes I experienced. Save yourself the trouble and get this game on another platform.
Game play is difficult to follow. They should have used a tab format. The song options are not very diverse. Not giving it one star because it's a idea and the guitar connects very easily. Just wish they formatted the music differently so it's easier to follow.
It worked great for the first week, after that it exploded. (NOTE) It didn't actually explode, just expanded until it popped out of my PSP and was no longer usable
Still can't properly set up
It broke under 1 month
Well this did work great til one of the battery packs stopped working.. It charges but will not allow my controller to turn on.. Disappointed..
cool product to have but the dock and switch can get knocked off easy. I used it for a week and I was just done and put it away.
Nothing fits the way it should. The cutouts are not properly lined up. I can't use some of the pieces because the 'cut outs' aren't even cut. Other cuts were made by hand and done badly and crooked. The printing quality is bad, there are obvious lines throughout the sheets and the color is very dull compared to the photos. The dullness isn't a big deal as nothing looks as bright as a professional photo but I thought I'd mention it. Lastly, the 'wet' wipes provided with the screen protectors were not wet, not even damp. I will be asking for a refund. Company contacted me and offered a refund for the product. They told their supplier to do better quality control. While this doesn't change my recieved product I hope it won't affect anyone else. I changed it to two stars for the quality customer service.
didnt have the disk that actually is needed for this to work
I like it. But to see an unboxing of it please check out my YouTube channel called Retro Basement (please be sure to subscribe for new videos, etc).. Thanks. Best,
Not recommended if you use in game chat - will put horrible loud static through your mic about half the time. This only goes away if you unplug it and plug it back in. The lighting is cool though, and the controller has its own Xbox One app for managing settings and customization.
Less than acceptable
Giving 2 stars for now because I really want to like these controllers. Bad controller drift noticed on second use, but they feel great in the hands. Hopefully the replacement I requested won't have the same issue
Flimsy has to be in a certain position to charge. The light on the cord is so obnoxious i had to tape it so I could sleep. Get a different kind lol
Great that it was an authentic nintendo gameboy color game. Bad that they said the save battery gets replaced before shipping and doesnt get done. Just be honest
Be aware not comfortable at all! Great mic and speaker in the headset but super rough to wear
Case was damaged, broken parts of steel book, unhappy with the product.
Did not come with the 16ft repeater cable...just the six foot or so that is the same as the sensors that come with the rift to begin with. Had to order an extension cable separately.
I can honestly say that this was the worst black ops it's specialist and it not boot on the ground and most of the players just camp so there all like 5-12
Followed the instructions to a T and still got bubbles on the corners of the upper screen even after days of trying to push them out it won't go away and when it's on it shows more couldn't play like that so I removed it, the bottom one when on perfect no bubble at all and looks great. For the price I'd get a plexiglass screen protector this one isn't worth the money or the hassle, look elsewhere!
Came with a scratch mark next to the esc key, there was some small brown blotches on the keys too, part of side Edge was not really fine smoth so you can get cut if not carful, my came with 2 “M” keys so now I'm missing a “,” key
When I initially bought this controller it was great. It felt comfortable on my hands, buttons were responsive, and not awkward to use. However, this controller does not last long. I've had it for maybe all of 2 months when I noticed some drifting while playing games. Then all of a sudden the left joystick is completely malfunctioning. When I try to push up, it goes left and when I go down it goes right.
Thanks for the misleading advertisement. Now I have to ship an extension cable.
Plastic packing was ripped when it arrived, but it did not appear to have been used. Maybe a returned item?? You have to save this game pretty frequently and hope that it registered a save. Several times over the last couple of weeks, the game crashed and lost everything done over the last day or so. While I attempt to prevent further lost progress by saving frequently, the save does not register so I lose entire days progress anyway. The game also has additional problems in Co-op that should be fixed by this point. This game has been out for quite some time and should not still be this glitchy. This game is still very fun but the constant crashing just sucks.
Wasn't very happy with the condition it came in, amiibo box was completely damaged and partly opened. Arrived on time tho
It didn't have codes for everything it promised and half the time the codes don't work at all.
It's loose easily slips and can't dock with it on if your looking for permanent covers for your controllers it's decent prob needs to be glued in place... don't reccomend doing that
Worked well for 4 months then had to start unplugging/turning off unit. Finally it's died. Replaced with headphones, which was same price as Kinect with no adapter needed
The Design is very dope but the stickers would not stick at all! I would put it on and a minute later it's all peeled off, next time make it silicone
Sent the wrong color and buttons were stiff
Controller works amazing, however the seller sold a product that had multiple scratches on it. There is a shipping fee when returning a product from a third party seller. Just buy a new controller to not risk have any damages.
Never works and it's wired which I knew but whatever I wish they made a little earpiece that's Wireless like they did with the Xbox 360 because I still have that system and the earpiece and it always works perfect but that's besides the point I suppose
Was no impressed with the game. I don't use the motion feature on games. I only use ps3 controllers to play my games and this game requires that motion thing which is Nintendo Wii which I thought was stupid. If they let you bowl with controller then I would give a better rating.
Giving two stars ONLY because it is working. Item is used...looks to have been dropped as it has three small chunks/scrapes on it and had finger print smudges on it. Box was sealed and item looked “new in box.” I've noticed I'm by far not the first to complain about being sold a used product by this seller.
Slide off during intense game play
not able to connect to new tv they should make an HDMI adaptor for it. Only works on really old tv's
Game is fantastic, unfortunately Badlands Games stated that it comes with a plethora of extras on the case. None of which are included at all. Stay away until this is addressed
It was a great deal. Didn't expect the after market controller which does not work. The packing was outright terrible. The console was extremely dirty too. I had to blow it out with a air can. The delivery time was good but the seller needs to improve on the packaging. The box was busted on the corner and the console was wrapped with usps bags on the inside.
Screen protector does its job. I use the stand and red cord on my end table to keep it close by/ready to play. A stand that would fit in the carrying case would have been a major improvement. Cord is slower to charge than the official Nintendo one or the base. Plastic shell is NOT versatile. You cannot slide the Switch into the dock when it's on. Joycons do not slide into the controller to play on TV. You pretty much have to on/off the shell to go from Docked to portable. Really annoying... I thought I was getting a good value for $12 but wishing I just bought a nicer case and stand instead. The shell, plastic game case, and dock sleeve are pretty pointless.
Basic mario but poor level designs. This is the only mario in the original style of gameplay, that I havent enjoyed and I started with the original NeS/SNeS systems. Do yourself a favor and get mario maker 2 instead.
It works for two months (I'm not even a heavy Smash Bros player, I play once per week) then the C-Stick just died. And now I have to replace the ducking part. It was smooth at first and I take care of it as it was my baby, but maybe they use cheap pieces on them. I'm kind of disappointed with you, guys.
To much interference.
its wasnt what expected
When playing on a standard ps4, the graphics are so dialed down as to make what is in general a gorgeous game, a kind of mess. It is also the only game that gives me a headache when playing. It's sad to me, to be honest, because getting the opportunity to see the world of Skyrim in VR should have been a dream come true.
im not rating this because of the game itself but got issues with during the game play in the dream drop distance got delays on intro and when i was able to finish it it freezes and doesnt respond after that, i also tested with a friends ps4 and confirm that was the disk itself
As just a stand alone game, it's fine. Not groundbreaking but not bad. But it does not live up to the other titles in the series.
This game should not have a mature rating PG-13 it was like a really crappy cartoon no English and the music was annoying is just kind of cheaply put together if part 3 comes out make the game play a little bit more like a video game not something that a child would play and put a mature rating on it
I didn't like this game.
Fun premise, but you spend the entire game drilling safes and fixing drills that just keep breaking.
Bought these over the holiday and for the first week they were great. Then the padding started coming off as I was wearing it. Then the mic started breaking up a lot, I figured from the battery but unfortunately recharging it didn't help. Not worth the money. Very disappointed in how much TB has fallen off.
Great game from I played so far, 2 stars for the shoddy quality of the collectors edition that I got. The magnetic latch that holds the pop-up book portion is pretty weak and won't hold it closed, (first 2 pictures, second with a flashlight above it to show how much it sticks up), so it ends up opening when I try to close the whole "book" package unless I hold it with the pop-up side down. The strap holding the collectible coin in place immediately came off from one end when I tried to slide the coin back in place. Overall pretty disappointed with the quality of the package I received considering I payed $100 for it. (Sorry for the blurry pictures and awkward orientation.)
It's boring and long...just a tedious game. It might be worth a look at like $10 but no higher.
My son loved it but the bag seems poorly made. Zipper on the small front pocket got stuck closed and broke off when trying to free it
The concept of this product is awesome, the execution is horrible. The batteries don't sit in the charging cradle very well, they keep popping up and won't charge, you have to play with them for a few minutes to get them to seat properly and take a charge. Then, I have a brand new xbox one S and these batteries are just a little longer than they should be, they are so tight in the controller that I felt like I was going to break it just putting the battery in. Got the first one in fully charged, battery life was pretty good, took a few days of regular play before I had to replace.....and if I thought getting the battery IN the controller was hard, boy was I in for a treat.......took easily 5 minuets of pulling, finally had to get a small screwdriver in behind the battery to PRY it out of the controller. NOT fun. Only reason I gave it 2 instead of 1 star, is because the battery life seems good....the base unit LOOKS great next to my device and the green lights match the xbox......other than that.....I guess I got what I payed for.
This review has nothing to do with the actual game, but the game case has a huge cut down the side of the game. Also the game was bouncing around inside the case.... haven't played yet to see if it has damaged it or not. But disappointed with first look
**Had for 7 months I bought this instead of the Microsoft Elite Controller thinking I would like it more since I have not experienced any issues with the mice I've bought from Razer. When it worked, the most annoying thing was the USB cable, it tended to get loose from the controller frequently, not sure if that is the port or the cable. Didn't try out the extra joysticks, though I did switch out the D Pads and didn't have much of a preference since I wasn't playing any fighting games. I didn't use the extra mapping buttons either, just never decided what to use them for. The controller definitely feels great and enjoyed it while it lasted. I turned off the Chroma as I just found it distracting and kinda annoying when it would light up the room more than the light from the TV. Though today the left trigger has receded and I've been unable to get it back out. Will try Razer to see if they will honor their warranty. Though based off my experience would probably go with the Elite controller.
Worth a couple bucks, that's about it.
I didn't like it at all, doesn't feel like a madden game
These cables do what they're supposed to, if you get one that works. I had to have one replaced twice because i got sent 2 defective ones. The other 3 I bought worked fine on the first try, so yours will probably work, but not guaranteed.
You would think that a company like Nintendo that is actually known for making controllers with great D-Pads would know how to do it again for a controller that cost 75 f****** dollars. I cannot tell you how many f****** times I've pressed right or left on the D-Pad, only to have this piece of actual s*** press up. It's even more insulting that even after having so many people complaining about the D-Pad when this controller when it first released, they still release it in the same exact state. Any brain dead fanboy who still says that Nintendo actually cares about its consumers and isn't a greedy garbage company like the rest of them needs to throw him or herself off a cliff. Do not even consider buying this turd unless Nintendo gets their head out of their a** and fixes their s***** controller.
Arrived on time, but I got a bad 'egg'. Prod key was already used =/ bummer
I brought this new controller because my old one was working anymore anyways I played games almost every night for two week straight and the buttons are starting to stick on there not working right overall the color is awesome but the quality of the controller is not really good. I'm thinking of returning it and get a new one from somewhere else
The graphics are definitely not as great as advertised. For the amount being paid, the graphics don't really justify the price. As for the gameplay, it is smooth and there are many game modes that can be played. Micro transactions also plague the game so if you are a FTP player, the grind can be very tedious and fustrating.
Cute but not sticking well to my sons controllers
Didn't actually receive a PS2 copy instead I was given a PS4 copy. If it wasn't for the fact that I do have a PS4 I would've been a lot more angry and probably given it a 1 star.
Good concept, terrible build quality. Broke, glued, broke again, glue, broke in 3 spots, trashed.
Game is dated and boring compared to games now a days.
Graphic is not good and it is very hard to control the plane.
There's a spot for the USB receiver, but if you place it in that spot, it just rattles around freely after you close it with a controller in. The USB receiver holder slot should have tension to hold the receiver in tight during transport so it doesn't rattle around.
The insane amout of dlc this game has is ridiculous. And on top of that it's censored. Please stop supporting KT as they'll keep on censoring any game they can publish in America.
The tabs on the side without the locking mechanism are extremely fragile. You will NOT be able to seal the game completely in the protector without using tape to secure one end. I understand they removed the lock to make it easy to take the game out and play, BUT, it doesn't even secure period. Works fine with tape....but looks tacky.
Call me patient, stubborn or ridiculous but it took three yrs before the controller actually decided to pair and work. I refused to buy a new controller, or send it back, there was some procrastination on my part hence the three yrs. But it works just fine now.
The package was tampered with, only the game arrived, leaving one very disappointed 15 year olds autistic child.
Mine was a knock-off. Doesn't have motion sensors, and the controller stopped working after two months of use.
The amiibo itself is fine, however it's a Japan import, and the box is beaten up. I don't know why because other reviews say it came as Japan, UK, and US, and this is an Amazon's choice, so they need to look this over because even though the amiibo itself is fine, everything else is wrong.
It's Skyrim. You already know the game is amazing. However there are a few bugs and changes that can make the game difficult to play because of the constant breaking of your immersion. They changed sprinting so that it's a toggle and I have not found a way to change it on console at least. And the one solution doesn't work for everyone on PC. Next there is a few bugs with sneaking. Sometimes when you completely hidden and go for a sneak attack you will do bass damage. Using Silent Roll will sometimes cause you to continuously roll. Even the attacking if bugged. After a couple of attacks sometimes you will find your character doing nothing for two to three seconds. I have searched online for possible solutions to these problems and nothing has come up. For the last bug you might think that it's a controller problem but it happens on PC as well. I'm not sure if the unofficial patch fixes these issues, but even if it does, the developers should be the ones to fix issues with their own game. Overall these problems can make it difficult to play this game at all.
Meant to break after a year! Just buy cheap and replace if not happy
Worked for 3 months then just stopped playing sound this is the 3rd pair of beaches ive owned and there garbage just like the rest of there headsets my regular day one headset that cost 20 bucks has lasted longer then this bullshit
Far from the quality of games such as King of Fighters 98. Overwhelming for a simple fighting game. Do not really recommend.
The PS3 works but the seller didn't bother to wipe it so I had to do this and the hdmi cord has a short. I was hoping to replace the old hdmi cord I had with the same problem but they sent me a crappy one. Check your products.
I'm not a video game person, so maybe my opinion is skewed. I am, however, a HUGE Jurassic World fan and was so excited to pre-order this game and counted down the days until it arrived. I only tried playing it twice, but I got so frustrated. I couldn't figure out how to build the park for the life of me. The graphics were pretty cool, and it seems like if you could figure it out, it would be fun.
this product from Sept 12 to now never receive but thats is fine thank..
Great controller initially but obviously very poor quality. Only worked for 2 months before the buttons all stopped working.
wasn't too impressed with the quality. i type quite frequently in games and this product only lasted me about 4-5 months. always kept it charged and then it just wouldn't charge anymore. would not buy again
My son said not greatest thing but it works he has problems sometimes
They feel great to use except when you want to press the B button. The thumb grips are just way too big for the joy cons and end up getting in the way when you want to press 'B'. Makes using them
The extra item we get from this limited edition is useless. Don't waste extra money for the limited edition just go buy the regular edition.
The carts can be difficult to remove from some of the slots.
It's kinda cheap made, and the home button on mine was sunken and very hard to press. It works, though.
I love these but they are getting two stars because the red in the picture looks nothing like the actual color they are. They are the neon red color you can buy the joy cons in. I bought these because I thought they weren't that neon red color. It hurts my eyes to look at said color which is why I'm not very happy. I'm going to look and see if it's worth my time to exchange them for grey ones.
Only one side of the dock really charges and when it does, it's super slow.
Good graphics but everything else is just a regurgitated of previous installments. No campaign is dumb
Its Black ops 3 but it's the Europe version so if you download any dlc it just won't work don't buy
Game fulfilled by amazon, comes in a Spanish language box. Guess that's how they price match GameStop sales.
doesnt fit properly, controller stickers fit but not sticky. was easy to apply but i need a razor to trim...
it seems to work fine; however, the battery section is a little smaller than the normal controller (maybe less than 1/16 of inch). This is specially annoying if you are using a charging base or charging dock as it is enough to not fit. Therefore you can only use normal batteries. Be prepare to spend $$$$$ on batteries.
I bought it new and it was wrapped to appear new but they came with profiles already on them. The game itself is fantastic I've played it before...But be careful buying it new. Some people will do anything to squeeze pennies out of you these days I swear.
It did not update and we ended up returning the product.
Wizard gameplay is trash. Casting is bulky and obstructive. Team members are not balanced. Spells are few and far between, with little variation. Not worth 30$.
Item received in a timely manner. Free game was missing.
install too complicated
Doesn't really do much. Also, the unit makes a really annoying sound whenever it starts or stops the fan. I had no real change in my heat level when using this. This is really not neccessary.
Definitely not turtle beach standards the plastic cushion peeled off in both sides
Bought for my 11 yr old son. Lasted about 4 1/2 months. Plastic piece inside the controller that's attached to the thumb stick control cracked making the thumb stick useless. Won't buy another.
It was really easy to apply however my gripe is that the plastic screen protector already had scratches in it, making my screen look - well - scratched. Perhaps I got unlucky with a defective product but that will bother me as I play my switch. The other thing is that the little microfiber, dust cloth was terrible. It actually put more dust particles (from its own fibers) on my screen and so it was absolutely useless in the application process. My rating may change as the screen protector is put to use. As of now, it is based solely on the application experience and the appearance thereafter.
no av cables was sent to me when open package and no hdmi cables or s cable was sent to me was included when open package nes doesnt work only snes and sega works very disappointing when get this cartridge i paid 75 dollars with credit card so amazon is refund me back the money next time i am get the hyperkin nes console with av cables
Not really that fun and why do you want a game where you have to unlock the good games with tokens earned from playing the crappy ones.
I love the SIMS. I ordered this for my sons 12th birthday tomorrow. The package arrived ripped open, game hanging out, thankfully it wasn't lost or stolen. I pulled the game out and you can hear the disc moving around inside the case. I can't open the plastic as I stated before this is for a gift. But I can only hope the game inside is not damaged or scratched.
This was shipped in an envelope and not a box so the items package was damaged. I prefer to keep my amiibos in box and I am disappointed by this damage.
Feels like it's made cheap, but does work.
Arrived in extremely poor condition. Barely functional and crashes often
Threw out this skin in less than 3 days. Adhesive did not stick well. Waste of money.
Doesn't have very long range and needs kinect to do tv
On ps4 this game is very unfinished and the graphics are trash and the motion blur is sickening
Very simple game. Kids get bored quickly.
mic input hole doesnt work .. trash audio quality on its own
Normally I don't do reviews but on the rare occasion, it's never a good one. I figured what the hell, buy a game off amazon, they make sure their products are delivered safe and intact. But when the case is clearly shattered at the bottom as I open up the package and pieces fall out, I have major reason to worry. Disc looks slightly warped, gonna test it to make sure it works. Expect an update within the next 24 hours.
It was really annoying when this game arrived and part of the slipcover is in another language when I did not order it that way !!!
After only 2 weeks of use, the headphone jack quit working. Very disappointing. Going to check on the warranty.
I can not use it because I need online internet option, it is not indicated in the publication, if the client indicated he would buy another product, generates more costs than necessary.
Stick covers constantly fall off during normal use. The minus and plus buttons are nearly impossible to push. Beefing up the backside is a nice addition.
Item is clearly displayed as the US version. Yet I received the Japanese version. I understand that the controllers are not region locked, so US and Japanese consoles and controllers can work together. But that's not the point. I ordered and paid for the US version and did not receive that. So that results in me being an unsatisfied customer.
The controller does not have the dualshock 3 capabilities that the genuine Sony PS3 controllers do. The joystick sensitivity is not nearly as precise as the genuine ones. This becomes a major issue when trying to play any kind of game where aiming is a prominent part of it. The refurbishing process completely changes the feel of the controller and even messes up the way the buttons press. If you are used to using a genuine Sony PS3 dualshock controller, don't buy this rip off. It will be very difficult to try and get used to the new feel, and the performance will not compare to that of the genuine ones.
The packaging was broken, box ripped open, and got wet inside, I'm guessing from rain. I overpay by a $160, I expect great packaging.
It didnt let me put in my code
There are a lot of flaws compared to Chamber of Secrets, but still worth playing. It would've been so much better if they had taken out the troll bosses though
This is to hard to hit. Low slowing games are no fun in a video game
These headphones are very comfortable and work fine for gaming. The sound could be better and I'm not crazy about plugging them into my controller. Overall not a bad headset for the price
When I bought this headset I was super excited because it had tons of great reviews and it seemed to be a really good headset and when it got here it worked really good for the first 10 minutes or so and then out of nowhere the Mic stopped working so I am still going to return and get another pair and hope that it was just a simple mistake.
I love these pins. I bought three more after I recieved my first two (which were each different), but when I got the three new pins, they were all the same one. Luckily I have two friends who like this game so I can share the pins with them, but it was kind of a bummer. :(
Didn't work out for us and I missed the deadline to return:(
This game is not bad but def an example of Quantity of Quality. You will tons of things to do but you may not enjoy doing those things...Gets repetitive & boring after doing those same activities over & over again.
You have to pay for songs
Item arrived quickly, and is New. I would only advise that sellers of games like this, should call out that you will need to have an Xbox One X, not simply an Xbox One. This game is not compatible until I purchase an Xbox One X.
works great and buttons are responsive. easy to use, but it requires a hand position change to reach the buttons. this will take smaller hands(like mine) away from the L1 and R1 buttons making them harder to reach. it really just needs another set of paddles to come with it that sit higher.
Three stars because these controllers seem to only last a year with regular use --- usually the joysticks or buttons start to stick or lose functionality. Pretty upsetting considering previous generations of Microsoft products lasted much longer. I've tried cleaning them and using an xacto knife to cut around the buttons, but it still doesn't resolve the sticking issue. It has happened with the left joystick and the Xbox power button... so it must be an internal issue. WARNING ABOUT BULK PACKAGING: It's just in a plastic bag with barely any padding. There's nothing protecting this product except whatever little bubble wrap Amazon throws in for it. I can easily see this getting cracked/damaged in transit due to the way it's packaged... which is lack thereof.
I got the console but I got the wrong controller and cords. This person gave me a Sega Genesis power cord and controller.
Noise cancelling ear pads are amazing and the headphones look great! Gave this 3 stars because the mic failed within a week and I'm back to using the stock mic.
Quality is hit-and-miss. We bought two of these. Thumbstick broke on second use on one. Other one is holding up fine as of this post.
This product said “like new” but there are two very visible scratches on the screen, and it came pkg in a brown box with bubble wrap, that's so disappointing ☹️
I will never give a five star review on a game that isn't original content. Still it's well made a re-envisioning of a particularly bad game. There is a lack of enemy variety in this game. If you like metroidvania games it's a solid buy.
It's a little difficult to play old games on. And the games get stuck for nintendo. Not sure if it's my old games or the console
Was lacking good instructions from the start but you figure it out later. I prefer the PC version over all
i will say what I like least only the language was not in English
The atari i received worked for what i wanted it but i didnt recieve the one i ordered. Didnt want to deal with returning it ao im keeping the one i got. First time i got the wrong product i ordered on Amazon.
I got my game in the mail today with 1 day delay and when I opened it I saw that the case was broken and chipped off
Decent game, but not as good as the first two.
i have small ears so idk if this is because of that bur after like just an hour your ears will start to hurt.
doesn't work with P3
I love the idea behind this product. Bought it vs the vertical stand for my Xbox One X as I could use the TV VESA mounts. Unfortunately the screws were not long enough for my TV and 3 trips to the hardware store have exhausted my patience on this. Customer support was friendly but could not provide the right screws. Since this is a tight fit, you must have the right screw shape otherwise it wont work. If you are wall mounting this, they parts that come with it should work without issue. Great concept, just not able to support a large range of TVs.
it is fine, the controls are difficult to figure out and the hunting in it is super boring. If you make one single mistake while hunting you will spend hours walking and setting up before you see another animal.
while game looks good it came late and they removed my last review not cool
I love so much about it... From the simple extra buttons you can program to the lights and responsive buttons, there's so much to say that is good. I would've given 5 stars easy if one thing didn't occur. After a week of buying something this expensive a button already won't click, the X. It seems you can't hold any of them so if you're playing a game that requires you to good luck on them not working/sounding the same after. $100+ Ruined because I used it for what it's supposed to do.
Meh! Boring game. I wanted this game for so long ugh
product was it just work my ps3
Too much movie time.
Works, but feels very cheap and thin. Worth the price, but not much more.
My zipper broke. Very sad because I loved it.
I mean in the end, it works. I bought it for my GameCube but every time I try to play a game it won't register it's there until I unplug the memory card and put it back in. It works in the end but it's kinda inconvenient. Can't say if this is also a problem on the Wii because I don't have one
It's Classic Street Fighter with some online. I was happy to get Ultra 4 with the pre-order but disappointed in not having console ports added to the mix. And where is Street Fighter EX plus Alpha? That was an Arcade game! They should've at least included those. Many people don't know about that series. I could've given this a 5 with the console ports and EX but this isn't a true collection.
My fiancée said these aren't ant different then the generic Version of these grips at Walmart which is almost half he cost. Once you do get used these you never want to play without them.
This listing clearly shows a newer smaller version of the adapter, however I received the older larger one with the button. In my case it's not worth returning since it works fine but it's possible you'll get an old version so just be prepared for that, or check a different listing.
Love this game!!!! My issue is the CD froze on me twice. And I've had to turn off the Xbox to get it working gain. I play other games on the Xbox and haven't ran into that issue.
Everything is perfect. Had it for 2 years now and I'm a avid gamer. The sound is good and the mic is clear. One problem is after awhile of wearing it, it get pretty heavy and uncomfortable sittin on my head.
Should have come with alcohol wipes. I have put tempered glass onto many devices and I could not get this one to be perfect. I tried to clean the screen the best I could with the dust tape, but I could not get it on without a lot of air bubbles. I tossed the first one away and used the second screen, which still has air bubbles under it, but they aren't nearly as bad. Maybe it was my fault, but I have put tempered glass on phones, tablets and a microsoft surface and I have gotten them all without bubbles. It still works and you can't see them with the screen on, so it's more of an annoyance.
This provides a way to play many NES classics on a portable console, but the save function doesn't really work on any of the games other than recording your created character name. That makes sense when you think about it as a tiny GBA battery has no capacity to save that many games. A few of the games including Ice Hockey don't work either.
The price for these memory cards are ridiculous But the item worked perfectly
Not what I personally was looking for, I was hoping it was Gran Turismo 7 under a new name, it is similar, but there is no single player career mode, used car garage. The livery editor is a wonderful addition though.
I'm not gonna cry about it but no bubble pack? Come on Amazon you can do better. It's a superb game by the way
This is not a game, it's a code they put in the box to access a skin for the game so if you are trying to buy the fortnite game, don't buy this but if you are only wanting to buy a skin for the game you already have, then have at it.
Got this for my son he loves it but the controller will freeze and buttons will not work and have to reset ps4 for it to work again..
I got the game and the case was in Spanish which is not what I ordered. The game does play in English but I'm upset because I like to display the case and feel like I can't.
isn't quite big enough for the ears but does it's job, headset did give up on me almost 6 months after buying. didn't mess with the headset at all just to put it on and take it off. one day just stopped working
Like most of everyone else...Game delivered on release but the code for preorder does not work. The only reason I preordered thru Amazon was for this exclusive in game keyblade.
Bought this as a present and I have one my self for my ps4. It's a fun game but get ready for a massive head ache It is a lot of fun to play and What not but if you do use the headphones like I like to do to get more real life experience, play get ready to get a headache because the game is pretty scary
Be careful who you ship it with. I had to replace the game when some assholes delivered me an empty package. Cant tell it got lost or stolen during shipping or if the seller purposely sent me and empty package. But i called amazon and got a new one, im happy i got it but now i feel like amazon is unreliable and scared of getting scammed again
I have bought multiple of these. Dont seem to hold up
Could be better for the price honestly. But still legit compare to scuff or others competitors
Does the job, but the wires don't fit all the way correctly abit of a tight fit if your kind a person who worries about wear-n-tare on wires then wouldn't recommend, but if your ok with alittle bit of rubbing on ur wires or awkward station sitting, perfect! Thanks
Nintendo Club points are used even though it was suppose to be new. Mario Golf is what earns this product three stars.
Distinctive smell that's hard to get rid of.
Ok, so...I have to pay for the ending? Back to floppy discs...
This was a good psychological thriller. Caroline lives in a big mansion on the beach and is having marital issues. She meets Aidan and has a one night stand and trouble ensues. The story is told from different points of view of Caroline and Aidan and you don't know who to trust. The momentum stays up throughout the whole book and it was a quick and easy read. It has some good twists as well. A few that I saw coming and a few that I did not. Overall I liked it.
Dislike the fact that 3 cards didn't work because someone else had already used them...They are useless grandson said you cannot get anything from them when he tried to use them the mii of the person who has already used the cards pops up..
Too expensive but genuine Microsoft costs ya!
This headset is decent. It's not only for ps3, it works well for iPhones,androids, and computers. A little uncomfortable after long use. It also sometimes feels like it's gonna slip out of your ear.
My boyfriend has no excuse for having his controllers dead all the time! Best Xmas present to date
Did not realize there is no disc included when ordering. It's download only. If I would've known that, I would've just ordered from the Origin website.
received heavily scratched
It does exactly what it is supposed todo but it is a little loud at times. All in all it is great for the price.
It works but has the feel of a second rate controller, buttons and joysticks are not the most responsive.
DO NOT GET the PS4 skin..sticker looks great and was fairly easy to put on. HOWEVER. After a couple days the sticker started coming off and bubbles started appearing and sticker came out of place by itself. Clearly the heat from the PS4 causes the sticker to come off, shrink, or move out of place
This game is a space ship version of Skylanders. Graphically it looks great. The gameplay is fun and smooth. It really reminds me of star fox at times. My problem with it is that the gameplay is very repetitive and you don't get any rewards from doing quests. You never get new weapons or abilities because they want you to buy them in real life. It's a fun game but pretty forgettable
Good in a pinch but it takes a long time to fully charge the Vita (OLED EDITION)
It works fine. But it seems ridiculous that it costs this much more than face value to be able to give a kid a physical gift card rather than an emailed code.
I have a turtle beach headset for my xbox one, so it was a no brainer to get one for my recently purchased PS4. However, I was so dissatisfied over these I had to return them. First off, because I have the PS4 slim, I guess I can't use the optical cord that comes with these. From my understanding (and I'm not tech savvy, just lots of Google), because of this or because it's the slim, I can't control the game and party chat volumes separately. The option is there, just unavailable to me. I could turn the volume all the way up, but it also turned the game volume up and it was still louder than the party. (And yes, I made the setting prioritize party chat above all other sounds). Second, I was unaware the turtle beach symbols on the ear cuffs lit up and blinked blue every couple seconds and there's no way to turn this off. I wasn't too concerned with waking someone up or anything, but I feel like that's the reason for the terrible migraine I got after 20-30 minutes of wear. However, I would like to note that the sound quality was fantastic and my friend said I sounded just fine coming through the mic. So it's not a bad product, just felt like I'd get a brain tumor or something if I kept these. I'll be checking to see if my xbox headset will work instead, or just purchase something else. Sorry turtle beach, but your xbox headsets are just way better..
Disc showed up damaged. It was a bit of a hassle returning and getting an exchange so I decided for a refund instead.
Great price. The battery doesn't look identical to the photo displayed. I've attached one to show what you should expect. The solder arms are actually facing the opposite way than what I wanted. The Pokémon yellow battery I replaced has the arms flush against the circuit board, and these stick up making you need to stack extra solder to meet the arms but they do work perfectly, it's just not as clean looking as it could be. If you're replacing a Pokémon red, blue or yellow these will work just be prepared to use extra solder to make the connection solid. Even if you're new to soldering it's an easy task even for your first time. Just know the positive side shown is what needs to face down so the arms which were thinner than the displayed pictured ones stick up the full width of the battery as apposed to being flat.
Controller work fine if you are playing by your self when I was in a party chat it makes my mic cut out and spousal scratchy
Game hard to navigate through
The story is confused. The combat is pretty fun, but the quests get extremely repetitive. And I didn't really enjoy the base-building parts.
Looked great for about 3 months then the bottoms fell apart. Not for intense use!
Build quality is no where near as good as the official PS3 remote control, but it's the only option if one wants a multi-function remote for a PS4. Lots of other reviews mention buttons not working, but it really seems to be significant latency between pressing a button and when the device responds (e.g. change volume, switch channels, etc). My biggest complaint is having to constantly reprogram the audio "punch through". It gets only rates 3 stars because it provides support for our really old Sony receiver and cheap Vizio TV.
I read several reviews, looked online at various game sites, etc. I am a self-employed web-developer so I spend a LOT of time working and my game time is limited so I wanted to research a game that I could really get in to and play for a while rather than just buying to try it out and getting bored. All the research said this was an awesome game and if I enjoyed certain other titles (Elder Scrolls series, Diablo series, etc) that I would likely enjoy this too. Because many of the reviews mentioned the same games that I loved, I probably had my hopes to high and was a little let down. I only put in about 40 hours but even at that it comes out to 50 cents an hour of time/money so definitely can;t complain. As soon as something else caught my attention, I had no problem putting the game down. The game play, in and of itself, was not bad. I found the loot grabbing system a bit wonky and hard to see (even after adjusting contrast, etc). The battle system was not complex and easy to grasp but I felt there could have been more to it. Where I felt this game really failed was the upgrade system. Upgrading weapons and armor was not intuitive and took a bit to figure out. One thing I did enjoy was having the ability to let others use your toon (character) to fight in their game and when you updated (slept at inn, etc) your character would come back with new knowledge. The honor system of giving used toons stuff to bring back with them fails as no one ever sends stuff back. Luckily, the experience and quest knowledge they brought back was typically useful. All i all, a good game for under $20, but don't be surprised if something else new and shiny catches your eye and you forget all about it.
Amazing that all he old school games are available however they were listed randomly and not alphabetical, therefor has been hard to sort and navigate to the one wanted to play
Nice gaming platform.
It was an alright game. They are getting kind of repetitive now.
I am overall satisfied with the product, but see some critical flaws. I initially bought a used console but it was DoA. I sent it back, got a refund, and just bought a new version. CONSOLE DESPERATELY NEEDS A SCREEN PROTECTOR. I cannot stress this enough. Buy a screen protector. If you even look at this product the wrong way it will scratch. Finding a 4.3 inch one on its own is near impossible, though. The one I use was a $5 tablet one that I cut to fit the screen.
I bough this game to play with my brother. But it takes way to long for one to get through the story enough to play online.
Don't like game that much but fast shipping
The PS Vita has proven to be the WORST thing Sony has every birthed into this world. First off, they have a horrible habit of making their products proprietary. So instead of getting a nice big Micro SD card, you have to shell out 2x, 3x, even sometimes 4x the amount for the same capacity. It's stupid, but since gamers keep buying their junk, they don't learn. The next problem is that the Vita doesn't have enough RAM build-in to do jack. My son asked for this thing like 2 years ago. First it was that his PSN id wouldn't work because you have to buys PSN+ specifically for the Vita user (can't just use the "family" plan like you ought to), then after shelling out money for a second PSN+ we find out that none of the games will fit in the on-board memory! It's ridiculous! Crappy product design aside, the memory card did what it was supposed to. Once installed, my son was FINALLY able to play the free games from PSN+ as well as the few games he bought digitally. If you already have a PS Vita, and need more memory to store games, this will work just fine. If you are on the fence about buying a PS Vita DON'T. It's a beautiful turd that Sony has no intension of polishing.
Better suited for an adult. Someone younger may not appreciate these types of games. Old school style.
Bought the game late, but was still able to take advantage of an included pre-order bonus. The game itself is of average quality, but the deal I got was excellent.
This game was very buggy for me. I'm a huge Star Wars fan and I was unimpressed with this game.
Not advanced enough to mimic real bowling to make it entertaining for more than a few uses. Not much to keep you wanting to play it again.
I just got it and the left ear doesn't work at all I tried everything to getting it to work and it will not, everything else works just fine just not the left ear.
Only allows you to communicate with whomever you are playing with - does not enable game sound on headset.
Purchased this to play Smash but unfortunately the left analog stick started to drift about a month after purchase. Otherwise a decent controller especially for the price point.
About 2 uses after receiving this a 1 pixel line appeared across the entire width of the scree
I was expecting this to be an actual disc, so I preordered it to have it arrive on release day. But it turns out they just send you a download code, so it's completey pointless to buy this when you can just buy it on the Xbox store and download it immediately. Haven't played it yet, so am just putting 3 stars for now
It's a very fun game and for $25 when it's on sale is totally worth that, definitely not worth $40 though, the story is mediocre but combat is fun and very challenging!
It is exactly what is advertised. The only issue I found with it is, where the headphone connects to the controller doesn't line up with the headphone jack on the controller.
Was not actually a game card, instead I received a picture of the game card, code worked, did NOT receive pet tho 5/10
I really want to like this more than I do, but it is really clunky. There is a great game in here, don't get me wrong, but it seems half realized.
Game had potential, but fell short in a lot of areas even with the updates and additions.
This is a gift for my grand daughter and was not delivered to my mailbox as stated on tracking. Research of USPS States we have to wait 7 days to see if found. Neighborhood search found package along with more mail to us and neighbors packed in vacant home's mailbox. We feel lucky to have found it but this is terrible service by USPS. Seller may consider alternative method for shipping.
I don't have a review for this product as I had to return due to ordering the wrong type of headset.
The keyboard for the most part works as expected. The build quality is good and the blue switches are nice and clicky. The USB connector that comes on the back of the keyboard is missing. That's a ding.
I had pre-ordered this and I had stopped using it for my switch within a week. I use it to store my game case and charger. The case is fabric and while its a decent quality, I wanted something more protective for my switch. I ended up buying the Zelda starter kit and I love that one so much more and it was the same price.
its ok...no gta but still fun,go for it
I should have know at $29 this would not be a high quality game. First off I purchased the XboxOne version with no 4k or enhanced graphics. The lag king was present throughout the game especially when it came to decision making time . Not sure about you but it ruins even the best of stories. The story itself was made me want to just go ahead and kill every character asap. I could ramble on about the experience playing what could pass for a maybe $2.99 mobile game but I will take the silent option.
Good game but crashes on wii u. Wait for switch version or just play persona 5
Meh, it does its job. Could use a longer USB cord (and would prefer an AC adapter over a simple USB type A power connector.) I can't say i like the USB-C dongle design. Definitely performed well, however. For 25 Dollars, however, the value is definitely there.
It a nice game but it sucks that you can play with friends unless your online
Works fine with my vintage nes. Not sure of the longevity or if it will harm my system. Would have given it another star but it seems to be a another cheap Chinese product. We'll see what the future holds
This is a great product, they work just the same as any other Kontrol Freek product. I've had these for a while now and used them on one controller. After about a year the controller that I used these on started drifting while the other was completely fine. Overall it's a great product other than the drifting issue.
Not really working properly for my xbox one s.
As the headline says, in my personal experience these leave me incredibly neutral to them. I mainly use them on 2 Dualshock 4's and they don't feel like they add anything in terms of better grip or control. They do feel like they improve the general feel of a Dualshock 3, however when most ps3 games (from my experience) support the Dualshock 4 anyway (which i think is an overall better controller than the 3) it renders using my 3 pointless anyway. I cant speak for how they feel on any form of Xbox controller, whether it be the 360, Xbone or Elite, so these may be worth it for those. With the rather low price point, i don't feel any buyer's remorse, what with it being like $8, but at the same time I feel like I've gained nothing from the purchase either. I wouldn't recommend it for PlayStation players unless you're relegated solely to a Dualshock 3.
So far, not really impressed.I don't know if it's the hardware or software, but the sound coming out of my mac is awful, and not just because of my playing. My little guitar, when plugged into the little cereal-box sized amp I have will roar. With Rock smith, it sound like somebody is sending morse code thru a static riddled AM radio. Pluck a note, it breaks up and sounds awful. It's not my computer either, I hooked up my bluetooth Bose speaker, still awful. The program itself looks promising, and i can see its potential, but at this point it's like having a Porsche with wagon wheels.
I bought this for my son but he received another as a gift. I had to return the product. I received a full price refund which from the vendor which I appreciate. I will use this vendor again.
love the graphics. it had problems with error code that did not seem to be anyplace to be found. online instructions did not help. done a hard factory reset and start over. some times trigger dosnt work and game over it has its problems!!!!
It's what you've come to expect from COD.
I have broken the glass
wrong sizes had to send them back.
Like the others, the box came torn, folded, and bashed. Its disappointing to pay full price for a collectors item that arrives in this kind of condition. If you want one in mint condition, do not buy from amazon.
The songs and dances are appropriate for younger audiences. However, the game is a little difficult for younger to navigate in terms of the 'kinect' sensor..
They shipped me one from Canada, didn't find out until I went to use the discount code that came with the console.
I took 1 star off for not being both versions physical but that was in the description. So many morons giving bad reviews due to that should learn to Fn read. Second the cleaning cloth was also listed as limited to the 1st batch of pre orders. My second star I took off is because the 1st few megaman games drop in frame rate when 2-3 monsters shoot. This is lame that that was not patched but all these games are just the raw original copies. I don't want them modified but it would have been nice to fix the bugs
The only problem, this bring a single game.
The scrolling wheel has stopped working after a year
My first controller with paddles initially loved it but found it doesn't turn on my PlayStation by pressing the PS button and there's also other ways to program the controller without a computer. 3 months in I've got major stuck drift and plugging into the computer and resetting it doesn't remove it like YouTubers claim.
OK for the Kids I guess
It all in Japanese, games are really there though. Controllers are kind of weird and different. It's a decent price for what you get.
As usual for really cheap things like this the capacity of the batteries has been grossly overstated. You can tell that instantly because they are feather light next to a real xbox battery pack. A real battery pack weighs about the same as two Amazon Basics NIMH AA Rechargeable batteries which makes sense because that's pretty much what is inside the plastic case. These barely weigh anything at all, not even a quarter of the real thing. As a result the battery only lasts about two hours from a full charge. Otherwise they work fine. The cables work like they are supposed to and seem to be of decent quality. NOTE: because of the way wireless controllers work, you cannot connect the cable and then use it as a wired controller. The cable is used for syncing and charging ONLY, no positional or button data is transmitted over the cable. This is not the fault of the cable, it's just the way the controllers are made. If you want to connect them to a computer you will need the correct wireless usb adapter which you can find for around $15 here on Amazon.
It's a great purchase if someone just wants to pretend to be a train engineer. But if you are buying it to play a game don't bother. It doesn't seem to hook up to the game it supposedly is compatible with.
I don't like it, you can't use joystick with it easily
Other than improved frame rate and resolution, this is the same game you played back in 2011. While the frame rate is almost enough to warrant the upgrade, there are some details that could've been ironed out (like the paper trees near the Undead Parish) to make this a complete remaster. In short, new comers welcome and good luck there's a lot to love here. For the veterans, however, just realize you're paying for a slightly glossier 'Souls 1.
A cool product...however I purchased this item through the warehouse deals with the description stating that it was open box and may be missing applicable codes. Upon receipt of the item I opened it to find the packages inside the box torn open with what appeared to be all of the pieces for the minifigure missing. What a disappointment! I have purchased other lego sets through warehouse deals and this was never an issue previously. I am so glad I didn't give this away as a gift. I returned it...and plan on purchasing another just like it in the future because it is a very cool set.
Definitely not what we were expecting. We LOVE AC games but this one is very different. Not open world which is one of the things that makes AC games so great. We'll finish it but it's not one that we will ever replay.
Great price but my son can't play the game in here. I think I misunderstood it. Also the volume button goes up automatically in this case, how it works.
Ultimately a let down. After 8 years, Rockstar focused on all the wrong things and really laid an egg here. Beautiful scenery but unbearably drawn out traveling and menu toggling. Really unfortunate considering all the hype.
This game is so nostalgic. I bought it because I loved this game as a kid, but it is SO MUCH more difficult than I remember! Get ready for a challenge!
Very fast service but one big problem. The DLC code included with the deluxe edition does not work. it isn't valid on xbox live or the ubisoft site. So, I've paid for deluxe edition but received only the standard edition. Any chance of a refund of the difference or enabling the card code?
I have given this product three stars, until I receive the slip with the Modern Warfare Remastered code on it. I do like the time of arrival of the infinite warfare disc, but its just getting ridiculous the purchase I made was for two games, not one.
It works with the system but can't use the LCD screen
This is a fantastic controller. Absolutely top notch for third party. But the main faceplate on the GB color scheme is slightly pink, especially under any kind of artificial home lighting (seen under incandescent, fluorescent tubes, CFLs, and LEDs by GE). Most marketing photos don't show it at all or at least not enough to notice before buying, so it's pretty misleading. To be fair, it's not visible under an LED camera flash, and is much less noticeable in direct sunlight. But once the sun goes down, you have a pink controller. I wish this had been clear in the photos and can't believe nobody else seems to be talking about it. I've seen 3 of these, and it definitely got worse when production started on the Pro Plus, which has the same problem.
It is a great game and fun for the family. I wish it had more common songs.
Initially really enjoyed the game but too repetitive in battles with human/vampire foes. Quit about 3/4's of the way through. did like the concept of the game.
This game is dope as hell and the difference in the available gameplay modes is a big relief when it comes to breaking up the levels and making the game feel much longer.
It's good, it seems pretty solid and durable, would be even greater if you guys include the instructions for assembling.
This is my first tempered glass screen protector for any device. I've worked for AT&T and Apple and several of my customers always had tempered glass screen protectors. I was always afraid to use them because I didn't know how easy it would be to get them off. I decided to get one because this is just too expensive to have a simple film. It was fairly easy to put on, but getting the dust off is a pain. That's not a detractor for this protector, though. The reason I'm only giving this four stars is because I think tempered glass screen protectors are a gimmick after my first experience with them. I think it's lovely that they give you to just in case one breaks or you make a mistake. However, because I didn't make a mistake, I took off the first one and put on the second. In doing so, the first one slid off the couch and fell to the tile at a distance of about 2 feet. When I say it fell, I actually mean it gently glided down to the floor. When I went to clean up the mess from all of the paper, plastic, and cleaning supplies, I noticed that the first screen protector was completely shattered. There are many reviews saying that this screen protector saves the device, prevented it from shattering, etc. I don't buy it. If it shattered from a height of 2 feet, then it really seems unnecessary for the purpose of protecting your screen from shattering. It will definitely protect against scratches, but that is the only reason that I would purchase this.
I got this after having to replace 2 different 2DS XLs with broken screens. (Let's face it, they are pretty fragile.) As mentioned in other reviews, the cloth provided to wipe down the screen is pitiful. You'll need something else. The stickers for pulling off dust can be a little tacky, but I solved that problem by sticking it to my countertop first to take a little of the "bite" out of it. Worked great for removing little flecks of dust. Screens went on mostly bubble-free after that, I was able to use the bubble card to push out all but a couple of small ones. Usually those are caused by improper cleaning before you put on the screen protector, as was likely the case for me. Overall, the protectors fit well and there are no issues with glare/unresponsiveness. Even my 6-year-old was happy to have a little something extra to protect his new (and hopefully last) 2DS XL. I'm not sure about the protection it will provide long-term, but spending an extra $8 or so to hopefully save $150 is a worthy investment.
Works great for PS4 my son 14 years loves them
This game is BEAUTIFUL. The graphics are amazing and the game lives up to its name. SO MANY COLORS. But, my only complaint is that sonic is a little hard to control at times but other than that, this game is one of the best on the wii. (I have a wii u but it still works.)
Lots of additional content compared to Sun and Moon, but I think they took out some important story elements. I won't say what to avoid spoilers if you haven't looked into it yet, but the story felt incomplete. Gameplay improved, but story suffered.
Although it's a shame that it won't lock the Joy Cons in place, still a good product to go for.
The last good madden game I played was on the PS3 lol last few years Madden just seemed bland and had no fun to it. I though what the heck, I'll give it another chance and bought it. The pre-order was confusing because it never gave me a shipping/arrive date. I canceled that order and bought it the day it came out and got in today. Been playing for a few hours and it's definitely my favorite Madden I've played in a long time.
I don't understand why it doesn't.
This is a great case and feels really good in the hands. It is a really tight fit and the power and volume buttons are a bit hard to push. It was nice it came with a carrying bag , my case that i bought will not fit the switch now so will use this bag when i travel . Overall a good grip case
The flashlight Is not working but I am fine with it. The connection is mostly working 80%. One time it was not working during the CD. Overall I will give it a 4 stars.
Just what I needed for my grandsons PlayStation thank you
Is a game, you should know why you got it
I'm not sure how long a 3DS XL takes on initial charge but it's been charging for and hour and a half without finishing first charge cycle. The plug, being smaller than the outlet feels less secure. I believe it works, but wish the plug fit securely.
Game rattles a little but plays well
Product looks & works as described. On-time delivery. Thanks!
I really like this game on PC that's why I Gave it 4 stars so I wanted to support this on the switch so more Tell Tale games would come to it. However as of right now I can't recommend this on the Switch. It doesn't save your game and it randomly changes your choices it's completely broken. I've replayed episode 4 four times only for it to not save and randomly change my choices from previous episodes
Material on the outside feels a bit cheap, but the inside is nice, and the straps and stuff for games etc work well
Especially for the price. Had to find the app to use the controller through a third party, it was no longer available in the Play Store.
So don't get me wrong, this has to be one of the best balanced Switch cases out there as far as portability, durability, protection and value it offers goes. There are plenty of reviews telling you the good stuff which I mostly agree with. So I'm going to list my gripes about this case first. They definitely could have given people who protect their Switch some leeway where the Switch rests. I prefer to keep a shell on my Switch whenever I'm not using the dock and silicone covers on the joycons at all times, and with both of those on it was a crazy snug fit, if the strap wasn't there to help pop it out I think I would have problems getting my switch out of there. So I keep my joycons in the pouch and just the screen on the bottom to make things fit better, plus its quicker to slide the screen into the self folding standing like that for me. On the opposite side of things, the accessory pouch on top actually has too much room in my opinion. Although this ranges depending on what accessories you're actually wanting to bring with you. The power adapter sits perfectly fine and stays put, however while I only have two joycons to test and not four or more, there's no real way to strap them in there, so they can easily shimmy around and possibly fall out somewhat easily. You can bring a generous amount of game carts with you, but the direction placement seems like a design oversight because the game carts hang downward, especially if you were actually carrying the case around by the handle. After one short walking trip I found half the game carts I had in there were halfway about the fall out. If they were flip it the other way then the games would hang while you had it in stand mode, but that's much better having the games jostled around and coming a bit loose if you were carrying it by the handle. I only have this case in mind for actual console and game transfer rather than toting it around, so this also isn't a huge deal. Other than those two gripes, this case is awesome. The fold out stand is wonderful to have. It rests on a soft material and it supports the Switch well. I use it more than the crappy plastic HORI stand I bought a long time ago. I do wonder if its wise to rely on it for long play sessions though, because the cutouts for the vents in the back could be bigger, and I'm not sure if having a protective case on it like in my pictures might cause unnecessary overheating, but its still a great option to have and a standout feature. As far as actual protecting your switch goes? I'm confident an honest accidental drop on the ground will keep your Switch nice and safe, even if the case landed on concrete. Water proof? I honestly don't suggest you keep this by the swimming pool or bathtub and hoping it protects from an accidental submerge, but if someone unluckily spilled something on the case, I believe everything inside will be protected just fine. I may have sounded harsh on this product, but it is incredibly worth it if you want a case that carries the Switch, the power adapter, a few joycons and a lot of games all at once while having the outside material actually being tough enough to protect them all.
It's tougher than I would like finding that perfect balance between game audio and chat. It's simple to do, but it feels like you can turn the dials alot before you notice a change and peoples voices be loud af in your ear. You adjust the game volume and now you can barely hear people. I found a good mix, but it took some playing with. I love that i feel totally immersed in games now because the audio is louder than my last headset. Windows Sonic really shines in game allowing you to pinpoint exactly what direction sound is coming from. Played Destiny and PUBG. PUBG made a big difference. Mic monitoring isn't really great, the mic has to be really close to you mouse and you barely hear yourself. I did randomly loose sync for a couple second about 2-3 times within about 5 hours of use. I also totally lost connect when i went into the kitchen with them on (NY apartment so I didn't go far) and had to power the off and on real quick to reestablish the connection. Overall I really love them and do not regret my purchase one bit. Oh, and battery is still going strong after 5 hours and i never charged them out of the box.
this is my third joy stick due to the fact that I am rough with it. I keep breaking the four mounting posts that stabilize the control module. I believe that if they ran the same diameter bolt completely up through the formed mounting pins and placed a thin washer with a locking nut, they will increase the strength of the mount amply enough for an old vet to play on with out breaking it. my first two were earlier models and for other console combinations. however the frame has stayed about the same. the nice part to this fix is the holes in the pins are already there. all they have to do is drill through the flat plate section right under the yoke and they will see that a small cap-nut will fit there tucked nicely under the chrome ring.
Got it and was easy to pair with the ps4 been using it to play FPS and it's good very responsive only thing is the battery life is about 3 - 4 hours last time y used it i gas getting a delay on the joystick was on low battery not sure if it was that or lag will be testing it more good build quality
Wish the whole game was on the game card vs having to download a large update, other than that the game is great
This item is smaller than I expected but it works very well. The packaging left something to be desired. But the product is great.
The included instructions were useless, however construction was straightforward. My Logitech G29 with shifter mounted perfectly and took very little time. The stand is very sturdy and we'll worth the price.
Decent product. Just as loud as the original.
My granddaughter loved this product
Game is great, arrived on time albeit the case was heavily damaged. I suspect that was the fault of the USPS, not the seller.
Took awhile to get the setting just right but that was on project cars. All around it's a work horse and does it's job just fine.
I gave them a 4 star because they feel well built and aren't the first set I've tried. I just personally cannot use these.. they make me play worse rather than better haha. They aren't a bad product and work great for some people I'm just not one of them.
Was a cheap 3ds xl in good condition. About what i expected but was missing stylus and sd card.
My only real complaint is that I wish the chair wasn't so loud when rolling it in front of my tv. It needs quieter wheels for sure, but not bad for the price!
I bought these controllers for my 13 yr old & 19yr old sons. They love the grip. Paddles are great. It's a little heavy otherwise they love it.
Game is nice but you must be connected to the network in order to play. The download for the network took 5 hr until I could play anything. So, I didn't know that it was a MP and I get very annoyed because people don't follow you and its basically impossible to play a full game by yourself. Its well done, but for me it doesn't work. Buy The Last of us and all the uncharted series, they are awesome!
Great Price. Great Quality!
Look at the photos on the other reviews. This will not be the same color as advertised. It's REALLY dark blue. They say it's translucent but barely because of how dark it actually is. It's really nice since it's super thin and small and will hold 10 vita game cards OR 8 vita game cards and 4 microSD cards OR 9 vita game cards and 2 microSD cards. The microSD slots are removable and pretty cool. You can refit those into any other vita game case to store your microSD since they're shaped the same as any other vita game card.
product arrived in good shape, so I'm happy with it
love this series and this was good
My Take: very good game that could have been great. The Bad: the auto Aiming is terrible. The charecters and the story could have been developed much more. The Good: Amazing graphics for a ps3 game. Smooth action, great sound affects.
It was what I looking for
I've been waiting years to play this game. i still remember them on the PS2 system. I'm an old man now and have a kid but i hope i can still put in the hours into this game. for the DLC preorder code, i would check if your spam folder and check the email account you have registered for the game. i received the DLC code the same morning that the packaged was delivered.
If I had to put a complaint about this product, it would be that the top half of the case can be difficult to put on correctly at times. I don't really use the second half all the time though. I only use the grip when I play Monster Hunter 4 for any session over an hour long. My hands can cramp at times and it's just uncomfortable playing that game at times. I would definitely recommend this grip to anyone who has cramped hands from playing on their 3ds for too long.
The different type of units .From Militia,to line infantry ,Several types of artillery.And all the different factions,That you didn't have to buy separately. Sincerely Randall.M
The product works good. The only thing is it gets out of place easily It does have a good grip on the switch though I'm giving it 4 stars for the value of it being worth the amount I paid
Definitely works! Though it would be cool if it connected via Bluetooth to Xbox One controllers and was a bit slimmer, it works perfectly 👌
instant hit with 7 and 11 year old.
Is the best ps3 stand out there It was easy installing It hold the ps3 fine and it no more move every were when I change the disc
Everthing in check to make this what I had hoped it would be. Would have been 5 stars but the exclusion of a third person option is somewhat problematic for me...but is my only complaint. What is good: 1. Single player. No shared world..multiplayer battle royale BS. 2. No internet required. I have extremely powerful internet in my home. Don't tell me I have to connect to play a game I just spent $60 on and will not be able to play again after it is no longer supported. 3. Acceptable character creation and options. Would have been even better with a 3rd person view. 4. Well thought out story line with good lore and back drop. Cant be completely comprehensive on that as I am only 12 hours in. 5. Beautiful and colorful scenery. Tongue in cheek humor in some of the presentation as well as the dialogue. 6. A real RPG with relevant choices that turn the direction of the game. This title has more in common with Fallout than anything else..especially New Vegas. If any of the above mentioned bullet points appeal to your gaming preferences you will not go wrong with this.
This is a fun and often humorous dungeon crawl like RPG. It unfolds gradually increasing complexity and story as you progress. For those more interested in story progression than RPG grinding, it has an easy mode, or a hard mode for those who DO like a challenging dungeon run.
This game was also purchased for my son as a Christmas gift. I have 3 boys and all 3 have been telling me they want this game. Think the hardest thing I have to do is figure out which o e gets it or if I want this gift to be to all 3. Happy that it only took 2 days to get it!
Personally 3D Arena fighter bore me, but I liked this one.
great gaming system. has a different, yet similar game selection than the SNES classic edition
Pretty solid 3rd party controller, just to my personal taste I love the original controller's resistance in the sticks for more precise control over the sensitivity
Purchased as a gift. Sadly did not arrive before the date. Being enjoyed.
Its definitely a remake of the old red/blue/yellow version with a few twists. The pokeball is the only odd one out. Controls are unwieldy although taking your partner (or any other pokemon out) is pretty cool. Makes the game too easy though because you can easily out level the content and your partner pokemon is already OP
works well and looks good. It could use some kind of adhesive on the bottom, because it does tend to move when you pick up the controller.
So this game is pretty scary. More so than I had anticipated. I don't suffer from any mental illness that I'm aware of, but it does a great job of simulating the anxiety and fear that I assume pairs with these disorders. The game looks nice. It says it has HDR. It's obviously not made by a AAA engine, but for a third party small studio it's very impressive and beyond what anyone should expect from an indie title. The sound is fantastic (it suggests wearing headphones but I think this would be too intense for me) and the areas you explore are perfectly spooky and ominous. The story itself is great and shines over all the other aspects. The game play is why I reduced a star. It's not immediately obvious how to make things happen, and can be frustrating to navigate at times. The combat seems unreasonably difficult even on the easiest setting... Games with heavy emphasis on narration should always include a "very easy" mode in my opinion. Replaying segments you've failed takes away from the immersion and replaces it with frustration. It really takes away from the fun of the story unfolding. I do believe there should be options to ramp up the difficulty for those inclined, but when I'm trying to unveil a story (think uncharted or God of War) repeating a difficult combat sequence 4 or 5 times significantly takes away from the fun. All in all this is an impressive game, and I encourage you to push forward through the difficult parts to see the ending. The story is well worth the temporary frustration.
This game come back with an attitude...
Seeing as it's a new game it has crashed a couple times, but other than that it's just as creepy, if not, creepier than the first one!
The game is great. However, the case was damaged upon arrival. The game inside was fine though.
Great for buying after you bought Rocksmith on steam thinking you got a good price. Works great.Should not have to pay this much for a what is just a modded guitar cable.
This remote is certainly easier to use than a game controller for watching videos. However, the button placement is not optimal. It is very easy to hit the wrong button because they are so close together. On the plus side, it works seamlessly with the ps4.
Graphics are amazing!!! Gameplay and fighting system not so much. I only give it four stars just because I reall love the graphics of the city.
Arrived in the condition it was advertised as. Quick and easy delivery
Works as described. Low catch rate though. Auto spins and catches at various speeds but better at lower speed. Item is very small. Almost lost it a few times.
Was able to adapt the old headset to work with the PS4. Thanks!
Not too bad. Great variety of vehicles. I wish there was a better sense of speed during gameplay. Still a good game. My son loves it.
Love the game. But i never got my pre order code for ronda and rey. But still going to play it.
Finding a good server is difficult and i cant make my own to play with friends but the campaign is fun.
Pros: works just as well as the official wheel, adds some fun to wii driving games, easy to handle, installation is simple, will not break the budget Cons: the material quality is a bit lower and it feels cheap We use this for Mario Kart Racing on the Wii and have enjoyed it so far. These are definitely a great deal when compared with the official product and perform on par.
I like the feel of this over just holding it and the pdp grips, my only complaint is that you can't access the game card if you want to change games.
Arrived quickly. Was exactly what it said it was and was priced comparably to others found online.
After taking some time to appreciate all that Sonic Forces offers, I can say that this game can offer you a fun experience. Playing as both classic and modern Sonic is a blast and creating your own avatar offers unique game styles. My only issue is that the level designs are interesting, but too short when you compare them to past levels in the Sonic series. But if you can get behind the issue, Sonic Forces will be one of your favorite modern Sonic games to date.
Liked that it came perfectly packaged. Only dislike is that they fall off easily. Other than that it was a great product
it works well but doe not seem to thump as much as my original units - still a good product
The figures are mad really good quality and can stand up to my distructive son.
Pro's; Great way for kids to spend time exploring and designing creatures and imaginary environments. Wonderful to find a computer game that captures my kids attention WITHOUT violence and illicit scenes. Con's; NONE
My nephews loved it! Played it for hours. The only thing I was not happy about is I had to pay rush shipping to get it before Christmas.
The game arrived safely and works well.
It's a great keyboard and has the features I want Pro's--- Slim Doesn't require drivers Quiet Nice lighting effect Cons--- Doesn't remember my lighting settings after rebooting the PC I'd rather it have a separate buttons for the audio up/down/mute instead of having to use the function key Really hard to see key symbols when the lighting effect is turned off
Its a great game. But, it's a bit grindy so play with friends.
I preordered this game on October first of last year And yesterday one day before the game was to come out I see all these horrible reviews on line but I didn't cancel I liked what was published on YouTube while I was waiting for the games release and quite frankly I don't see anything else on the horizon as far as new games coming out that might interest me Now I've only played the game for about an hour but it seems solid as a rock If the rest of it keeps the pace I'll be happy
The buttons are arranged differently from the original Nintendo remote, however it works the same . My son loves the colour.
Pretty fun! I just wish this guitar was compatible with the other games.
Perfect fit and great quality. No glare or scratching on the glass. Well worth the money.
Lack of Rumble and Motion Control features is disappointing but other than that this is an excellent buy
It's a decent port but it is missing CO OP.
Great casual game to pass the time. Not challenging, but still very engaging. This game rocks, but for hardcore fans of the series, it's a 4-star title. Other players will love it on the other hand, so please do buy this thing up,
I loved this game on 360. The Xbox one version is a decent port. Very good game, believe me. Treat yo self
label was really messed up when it arrived, but the game works so i dont really care that much.
I knew I wanted a blue LED mouse with some thumb buttons, but what I didn't know I wanted was the brightest whole-room nightlight I've ever seen. Since it refuses to turn its lights out when you put your computer to sleep (and I can't find the right incantations to turn it off), you can rest assured that in the middle of the night you'll never stub your toe on your computer desk again (unless you catch the mouse from a 45-degree angle, where it will temporarily blind you if you happen to be looking in its direction). Don't worry about that too much; when you're watching videos on your computer, you'll quickly learn to give it a slight twist to the side so it won't shine directly into your eyeball out of the rear-left corner like the light of a thousand suns. Thankfully, under normal use, your palm will block the majority of the light, leaving you with a fine, but not particularly exceptional, mouse.
Love the controller covers, makes it easy for the kids to remember which controller is their own. The sleeves are very easy to put on however the knob covers do not stay on the knobs.
Good grip, but it doesn't work with the dock.
Case does just what I wanted it to do which is to keep the dust out my console. Reminder though this only fits Xbox One!
Quality is ok but the joystick broke after a few uses. Plus it squeaked a lot. However, I got a refund with no hassle.
Great headset but if you have two ports for audio and mic, it does not come with a splitter.
Lots of places to explore, nice variety of stuff to do. Not perfect but enjoyed it for a decent amount of time.
Solid headset, but can be somewhat uncomfortable if worn for long periods of time. Quality sound and construction.
Held up well after a month or so of use, control stick however did get very dirty despite being well kept. Despite everything the controller feels just as good as an OG gamecube controller minus the shorter triggers
Game arrived quickly, no problems with the transaction. Gameplay is very slow with wayyyy too many dialogue interruptions
One thing I don't like about this game is that micheal Vick is on the legends roster and Peyton manning isnt
Exactly what I ordered everything was a great shopping experience. The game shows its age but still a great stroll down memory lane its like gta but with a shark
My original (the older larger style) would RANDOMLY throw fits where it wouldnt connect or it would connect and hold a certain button whenever I used a 3.0 port. New one is much smaller and hasnt had a single hiccup in the 3.0 port. Connects everytime with no issues where sometimes I would have to uninstall and reinstall the old adapter.
As some other reviewers have pointed out, this is quite small. In retrospect I wish I'd bought a bigger case. It does the job though, and isn't very expensive, so four stars overall.
The memory card works perfectly! But then again the shipping could've been better (sorry but 4 stars in my rating, if shipping was faster I would've given 5 stars)
Super awesome honestly. It does exactly what it's intended to do.
Great game with an awesome soundtrack CD. Be sure to request a box when you order, USPS crushed the first copy sent in a padded envelope but I was able to send it back and receive a new box-packed copy at no additional cost.
I got what I ordered.
Took a week getting here but arrived in amazing condition and definitely worth the price
Great system for 30 to 40 dollars. 100 was too much in the beginning. Glad I waited. Wish the game selection was better.
It's the same dock and cable setup that came with your switch. I wish these were readily available at a lower price from nintendo - but I digress, the convenience of having a dock in multiple rooms was worth it.
The portability combined with a stationary console makes the Nintendo Switch great. However, disconnecting the power source from a TV can be a pain. So if you have a semi-permenant setup an extra power source is a must have. This unit is about 2/3 the price of the OEM unit and works as expected.
If you don't have the psvr gun controller then get it! It's pretty difficult to play with the dualshock 4 controller. Other than that this game is great, plays like a vr rainbow six.
The controller functions well overall. the only negatives are that the dpad is nearly unusable and that the rubber pad on the left stick wears over time.
Got this for my 10-year-old daughter so they have something to do when her friend sleepover the girls all love it and it's fun to be able to make your own monster high girl I just wish it was multiplayer so all the girls could play together instead of arguing over who gets it next .
sorry,i want it back.
Kids love them; much better than just using the remote; feels more like actual driving
They pop off every now and then which usually leads to everyone looking around to see where they fell. Other than that, they're pretty great.
I liked it.. reminds me a lot of No Man's Sky. The Star Fox addition fits perfectly in this world. The toys are well detailed.
Fun collectors edition. Pretty bummed that the digital codes have expiration dates. the mask is a cool piece and super stoked on the quality! Slightly too small to wear but I never aspired to. The steel case is probably my favorite thing. Rings a nice addition. Soft ps4 package sleeve was a bit beat up, but inner hard box was in good condition. Arrived super fast!!
Fast shipping, great product
Pretty decent controllers. Haven't had any problems with them so far. Price is really good
Man this game is great and all but hard as nails. The controls feel a little off from the original. Feels unfair when making certain jumps. Too fluid or something. Hard to explain. Good game other than that.
I bought this to play Hollow Knight on PC, not knowing that the dpad is considered an axis rather than four buttons. This pretty much made the Switch Pro controller useless for that game, but the adapter works well enough. It's not as simple to use as the Wii U or GameCube adapters, but it does seem to work well enough. It comes with a USB to mini(micro?)-USB-C cable, which is nifty. I've really only tried to use it on my PC, so I can't rate its functionality otherwise. The only reason I won't rate it five stars is that the firmware updater doesn't work on my OS.
What did you want from a review?
The game is fun, not sure about all the updates that xbox one had to do though
Thanks came on time and excellent condition. Just wish it had actual case but not the end od the world.
Pairs quickly, extends far (fit my tab s4 10.5 with heavy duty case). Unfortunately it feels very cheaply made, I'm talking McDonalds kids meal toy cheap.. the LR triggers move side to side. D pad doesn't have responsive clicks. I would say software wise great controller but hardware wise not great. But if you game rarely and don't use the thing daily.
Good for the price, wish the max volume was higher tho
A little short but a great first time romp into the world of Lovecraft.
One had a slight issue with sticking buttons but overall good.
Very decent item for what it is
Starter kit worked great. No In Box packaging, but all pieces arrived and in great condition.
Performance-wise, this is a worthy homage to the original GC controller. The shoulder buttons feel a little more clicky, but I use it to play Smash and BOTW. My one qualm is that, for the price, this controller should really be rechargeable. Luckily, I have my own rechargeable batteries on hand. Otherwise, it's a good buy for those who prefer to use the greatest controller ever designed.
Enjoying the time I'm spending playing this game.
It's a good controller, just dont buy used mine fell apart after like 4 months the left grip started peeling and the left bumper is falling out. I didnt take any special care of this controller because I'm buying the v2 as soon as it's available. I know xbox controllers have a problem with their bumpers breaking but just wanted to let you know. Buy new or wait for the new one!
Purchased as a gift big hit.
Great and challenging game, but grinding for certain materials is exhausting and, if you want to upgrade weapons, becomes intolerable for anyone with little time on their hands each day.
It was what I expected, whereas the screen could be seen alright there was a problem with de plastic covering it. The delivery was fast and correct, I will buy again with Sosa Games.
I was worried when I opened the package because the case was cracked, but the disc looks just fine!
This DS came with both its original stylus, charging cable, GBA dust cover, and a neat travel case. The condition of the system itself is remarkable given its age and prior ownership.
What I like it is the art from the book (characters) even the dice .
The product came as ordered.
Finally, it's happening, kingdom hearts 3! I'm happy the game came in with no problems. Thank you for a great buy!
Works great :D Love them!
Connected to PS3 and worked perfect
I love this bag! I'm a nurse and this bag has been perfect for my nursing tools and i-pad! It's a good quality bag, also...nice and sturdy.
Grandson wanted it and was very happy when he got it!
ive always wanted a copy of this game and i finnally got it!
Perfect for SNES! Quality materials. Inside is nicely lined and black. A must have!
Bought this for my husband..hes 35, into tech, occassional video games. He LOVESSSSS it. And I'll admit. It's pretty cool. My sister also tried it and said it was 100 times better than the one she had. Our guy friends also read a ton of reviews and it's the best VR system on the market. Headpiece fits comfortably on your head, not too hot. It does leave some red Mark's on my husband's face, not mine tho. Sound and visuals are fantastic. If looking for a VR system, would recommend this one!
So much fun. Love having all the expansion packs in one place!!!
This boy is always gonna be on my desk till I have no desk.
I bought it for my son and he loves it a lot. This improves his gaming experience. Thank you!
Fast easy got what I wanted
Works well, easy to assemble, a bit on the light side, added a couple weights and is fine
LONG AS DIRT CORD, BUT IT WORKS.
Bought for a friend and he loved it I think, I read comments like this all the time.
My IPD is 70, and this headset still looks pretty good. I adjust the headset to make my dominate eye (right eye) is clear and my left eye will look a little fuzzy, but my brain adjusts. It's not perfect, but I get used to it. I really wish there was a way to adjust the IPD mechanically. I'm planning on upgrading to a Valve Index in the future because of the manual IPD adjust. Until then, this headset works just fine. I do love the controllers, and I believe they're the best on market in my opinion. Main reason I don't want to switch to Valve is not only because they're way too expensive, but the controller sucks compared to Oculus. Other than that, it was very easy to setup, I encountered very few bugs. If you close a game out, sometimes it doesn't shut down properly and you'll have to reboot your computer. The headset speakers are trash. I recommend just using headphones or just use desktop speakers if you're playing a music game like Beat Saber. These have the worst speakers on the market, they're like 2 watt 1990's speakers that come with your Compaq Presario. Not even joking, they're a step up from internal motherboard speakers.
Great gift for the whole family
It's still functional several years after my purchase, so I guess that warrants 5 stars.
Excellent transaction, as described
This an awesome piece of equipment
This game is amazing as I recently bought a ps 2 just to play this
Great product delivered super fast.
This is the simplest and cleanest screen protector I've ever used, and I make sure I have one on every screen because my nails are long.You can't even tell what I have, and I'm not a professional at all.
You could send them all in one package, though.
I went to go purchase this exact item as it was on a very good sale at my local Walmart. I literally gave up after 45 minutes at my local Walmart as none of the employees could find a manager to unlock the case it was in. I came home, fired up Amazon and lo and behold, there was the Xbox I wanted at the same sale price with NO sales tax and next day delivery. I received it 12 hours after clicking to purchase it! Why didn't I just check Amazon in the first place??? Very happy with the purchase and the effortless shipping.
anyone can play and have fun!
Great quality carrying case. I use it on a daily basis and its great!
Works great. My son loves it!
We don't have to worry about having multiple charging stations for our controllers. It's a great setup!
Perfect right out of the box. Had problems with the order though. When I ordered it it did not arrive when asked about the problem they ended up sending it to someone in Arizona due to a mixed up order thankfully amazon was great and send us one right away.
The first order was delivered to the wrong person. But the second one replacement reach my kids. They are very happy about it.
I love this game it's so fun and there is so much to do in the game
The disc is in excellent conditions
Love the retro snes design. I was surprised to find it has motion controls for the switch. I've used this for android and PC emulators as well as a controller for the switch. No issues. And the new back trigger design is way better than the nes version.
Such nostalgia! I forgot how bad the grafics are on this game... of coarse they probably never expected it to be played on a 60 in. TV.
Worked as it should! I tried the off brand leads ons none work for rocksmith... this cable worked right away with no issues!
I have always liked COD. I just didnt like that it says "new" 4 players but its just 2 players offline co-op like its always been
This is by far the best money I spent for my Nintendo Switch. To start I love the standard Nintendo Switch Controller. The controls are tight and functional. The Amazon Basics Grip Kit further adds to the ease of use of the controllers. It reduces hand fatigue and give very precise control for your Switch.
Great condition and got it before xmas. Kids loved it!
Great game. Lots of fun to play.
Very happy with this product. Easy to use.
This game ranks right up there with The Witcher 3 for me for its story and gameplay. I'm very happy with the depth and attention to detail of this game. There are almost endless things you can do. I hate that it's not on PC for PC gamers, but if you have a console, you want this game, I promise.
I bought this as a gift for my hubby. He loves it. It uses it daily and it's been a year later. Buy this!
So far very easy to use I can hold most of my games on it with no problem , ans to put them in and out it's safe and simple plus it's very light and small so you can have it around and in all places
Definitely worth the price. Great collector's edition for a great game with a magnificent statue.
My husband likes it.
It's a good mic. It works from a pretty good lengths away which is nice depending on where you want to put it.
I love this game, and it got here CRAZY fast!
Awesome travel case that's sleek to boot. Everything about it is high quality. I would also like to counter others claims it doesn't fit a pro controller as you can clearly see a pro controller (that is reasonably snug) in the one picture I posted. The only downside I could see to this case is the fact that there may be those who have a protective case around the switch itself not being able to fit it in here (as everything is just large enough to fit in their designated spots for protective reasons). I don't have one as I rarely play this mobile and am pretty careful with expensive products but I could see it as a negative. Otherwise this is probably one of the best buys I have made on Amazon as even the price is currently reasonable. A+++
My son loves it , fun to play
This is actually fun to do while you burn calories. I hate the gym, and it's too hot here in Louisiana to go running outside. I recommend this to anyone who wants to get back in shape!
Made a 12 yo extremely happy
Just the look I was looking for. The aluminum feels better then the original.
By far my favorite wii game
great game, been at it since beta
Works just as expected. I got this for PC gaming. Once you set it up, it works almost as well as if it were paired with an Xbox. I don't experience the battery drain I noticed other complaining about because I remove my batteries when I'm not playing. Then again I only game about 3 times a week for a few hours.
Multiplayer and Zombies are both really good on this one
I bought this headset for my husband, after searching high and low for a good quality headset. He's a no-frills kind of guy and doesn't do a lot of online gaming, besides with friends or family. He also wanted something that wouldn't squish his head or a headset that would break easily. He's heard from multiple friends and family that Turtle Beach was a great company for gaming headsets, so that was one of our first searches. While we found many other companies that had what he'd like, he wanted to hold out, just in case, Turtle Beach had a "basic" headset. We found this one while searching through other companies actually and decided that, for the price, we'd give it a shot. If it wasn't worth it, it wouldn't be a huge hit to our wallet. Luckily, it's been great and he's had it for about 2 months now. A lot of people were talking about how the microphone part was sensitive or would break easily, but our solution was to always disconnect it while not in use.
I can't remember when I bought this product but it work wonder. It's comfort for my hand and it's easy to hold the Nintendo Switch device.
Everyone loves this game, from my husband to my nephew! Everyone enjoys playing it, even myself. Only complaint my husband has had is not being able to have/get John Deere equipment.
These were a great value for the price. 13 year old gamer loved them!
Sturdy and converts into viewing stand for Hulu use. Holds extra cartridges. And protects from scratches if you put it in correctly. Perfect.
great gaming headset
Box and contents within box came in perfect condition and on time! 10/10 satisfactory customer service thanks!
Awesome remake of an awesome classic. Also props to Amazon for a quick unexpected delivery two days before the estimated date. 5/5 recommends.
I bought this just to play Spider-Man and Bloodborne, and it does an amazing job! I like the UI a little more than the Xbox UI. It just seems like it is more easy to get around.
I have watched my son play this a lot and although I can't find interest in it, he is addicted to it and now his younger brother is becoming more into it and wants his own (he borrowed his brother's).
Great product, for a very reasonable amount. And i can actually stream media to it. Great for everything i need it for.
The sizes of these are perfect. I just recently got a power bank charger for my iPhone and while it was nice it didn't come with an extra charger. This works great bc the small corded ones aren't leaving me with a tangled up mess like it would if I just used my regular iPhone charger. I have not had any issues with any of the cables at least at this point not charging my phone. Overall I would totally buy this again as it works for what I need it for!
Long game for sure. Slow leveling. Makes you enjoy it fully. It's a much harder game than origins and way longer very enjoyable
The product as well as I expected, and the shipping was fast
Just what I needed to protect my Funkos :)
Time to get back to pokemon
Fits like a second skin, very smooth and great to use on long gaming nights. Button covers are also comfortable.
No problems with shipping, and the product itself works great.
Good Price and nice quality, perfect to my little son
As advertised, set up is easy and they work great. Grandson is very happy.
I gave this to my SO as a Christmas gift, and he really enjoys it. He believes VR is the way Skyrim was meant to be played.
Amazing!!! Just buy it! The way every remake should be done!
Got it for my little one. He loved it so much he uses it everyday
The controller I got was not what I thought it would be, from the image I looked at I though it would just be a normal used controller .. but what I got was WAY cooler! It is a Japanese controller and came with these old japanese stickers on it from the last user, which airport find awesome and nostalgic. I was going to paint this but I want to cherish someones childhood memories by keeping them on here. Plus the controller is fast and responsive (I'm using for competitive smash) and works perfect with the Wii u controller adapter. What a gem I found here !
My daughter loves this game, and has for years. Being able to use mods with the xbox makes it fun all over again.
Was cheep came with a cheep controller but I paid little for the set and it works great! Beggars can't be choosers.. update. It loads all games but Syphon Filter. 1,2 or 3... I have no idea why
He loves it. Gift for sons 10th bday.
Easy to set up and grate implementation.
Great game. Glad to have it on the calendar.
Top Notch Product and Customer Service. Thank You for a Super Great Transaction.
Arrival was consistent with what was posted and arrived (overseas I might add) in great condition. As a game case, it does it's job phenomenally, with eight slots to change your games out quick, a vent slot for a safe sleep mode with encased, and a slim body, this case from this provider are must have for any person who intends to play their switch on the go!
Strong cable and charges fast while on the road! Shipped fast and in a secure box.
This is an addictive, albeit (very) gory game. Frankly, I would not recommend this for teens. I would not recommend it to anyone with aggression issues or anyone from Germany. Contains some boob nudity.
Overall this is a great product. I would take off a half star because no matter how you adjust the straps, they do dig in under the arms.There is add-on padding, but I've found that adding them on is kind of an annoyance and leaving them on doesn't work really well as they move around and are hard to adjust for the next wearing. That being said, the straps do help with posture even when I'm not wearing.
I solely bought this edition because of the design and sudden need to play video games that I grew up on. Great for kids and adults because I don't feel weird playing a kids console. Older gamers will appreciate the elevation of the classic games available on the ds.
Does exactly what they're meant to do. Don't scratch the screen and are good quality.
Exactly what I ordered and expected
Plug and play with iPhone 7. I bought it from Amazon and it works prefectly with no updating anything.This product makes life easier.
Genuine PS4 quality. They work fine and no problems.
As a fan of the series I enjoyed it
Improvement made. It's weird to not use them now.
Enjoying it so far great game play , fast shipping,thanks.
Its awesome. Everything I need and then some.
Great for collectors/gifts for animal crossing fans
My son loves this game. So glad I found it on sale here because it's still $50 at all local stores.
Awesome game like the sniper app but better
Great product and arrived in a timely manner
Great game. Beautiful scenery
I purchased two of the case in blue for both of my son's and they were perfect fitting, lightweight and sturdy. All around perfect.
happy with the wireless chargers.. The car mount was easy to get into the great position, it is stable, and holds really well. The wireless charging feature works good on my iPhone X with a slim case.
Best NHL game yet. The Threes game adds a nice quick game to the mix.
This is the first vertical mouse i have owned......I always thought they were odd looking, but after using it a bit, I understand why there is a need for them. It is very easy on my wrist and the hold seems natural. The color is great (Black) The feel is good...(Soft) The DPI is a good option and the scrolling with the wheel is very nice as well. I would buy again.
I know Amazon Refurbished products can be hit or miss, especially with reviews like skin still being in the product like a headset. I was hesitant but glad I brought this refurbished. In fact it seems brand new! Everything works perfectly fine and I managed to save $30 on what's ordinarily $100 gaming headphones. I was very pleased and if Amazon continues to keep up this standard of refurbishment, I have no problem with the idea of continuing to buy refurbished products from them!
Great game. My family all love it.
Bought for grandsons ages 11 & 6. Both love playing “OLD” games!!!
Missed it on the ps3 glad it got made too the ps4
Works perfectly with the switch
Detroit is a great game!!! The graphics, the story, and the gameplay are amazing!! Best looking game I've played on the PS4. I highly recommend it!
Amazing game with very good graphics, I really wasn't expecting it look so nice while playing.
Great deal, my first Xbox, came over from Playstation, love it.
its awesome!!! protects my 3DS
Fun game for the kids
These games bring you back to a simpler time of Video games and all of the classics are on here. it is refreshing to play them.
It came awesome thanks
Would recommend this seller to others
This little white adapter is very lovely. I bought this adaptor for my iPhone7. This little device can display videos and pictures on my iphone to my HDTV. I can share these pictures and videos with my family.
Excellent condition! 😬 😁 Fast shipping too!!
Does as said pretty cool
Great game. A lot of fun
Came exactly as promised. High quality item