It doesn’t work after less than a month. The contacts on the connection are cheap. Don’t waste your money.
 Doesn’t work and tried contacting via email based off of the card that came with the item. Email does not work.
 returned . it would not recognize internet . standing next to netgear router says internet not available . tried for several hours and finally gave up . reset many times .
 Price is expensive and very hard to use and also doesn’t even work. Don’t bother buying this a waste of money
 Charges with no issue but will not record. Lights flash yellow and blue for 5 seconds and then shuts off. Computer recognizes the SD card that's in the pen when inserted into USB slot.
 Definitely buy the camera. Just the camera. Then get accessories that are worthy of the camera. Most of the accessories in this package are cheaply made and embarrassing to have been included the package. My mistake. Love the camera.
 Horrible product. I bought this product for a party. When I got it, it was damaged. So they sent me a replacement one. When I received the replacement one that one was broke as well. So I just sent both back and wanted my refund.
 Did not help me fall asleep :(
 This was never emailed to me still waiting since July 17th 2018
 This is a bright light, Seems to be good quality, but I just took it on its second dive and it flooded out destroying the light and one of my batteries. Looks like all of the seals were in tact so it must be the switch?
 Was excited to receive this product today. Unfortunately it's broken. The bottom part of the case is cracked.
 Have read the reviews for a small pair of binoculars and thought these would be worth it. Decent for the size but very cheap plastic design that came scratched and rubber eye pieces bent and wet (weird I know). Looking for somewhere else to buy binoculars.
 Customer service was great when i had a concern about the product
 I can't imagine how anybody would give this thing a 5 star review, it was terrible. Even at the lowest resolution setting the refresh rate of the video is about every three seconds. It's very fiddly to get the picture to focus and having to weight a few seconds after each adjustment makes for a very long and frustrating process. If you increase the resolution of the picture the refresh rate lengthens exponentially. I'm guessing that every previous reviewer was paid by the company to write each glowing review. I disagree totally with all of them. I returning this cheap chinese junk.
 This thing sucks. It has no distance what so ever, and it's flimsy construction. Don't bother.
 Product was easy to install but was useless after. We got this to keep an eye on our house while we were away and as soon as we left our WiFi area..,there was no signal at al. We were gone for a week and had no way to resolve the issue!! Very disappointing!!
 Lasted about 5 minutes before water got into the battery compartment and view finder.
 two of 4 cameras never worked tried to work thru complaint channels and direct email with no response! since received no one has ever responded from direct email or amazon email! Just went to ask for return and see there was a closed return window! Will take up with credit card and amazon direct since have proof of contact.
 I tried to replace the cables my dog had chewed through. I barely got any picture from these cables, flickering on and off. Very disappointed.
 Just unboxed the product and so far the mouse piece fell apart. VGA/HDMI does NOT work!! 2 different pc monitor, a tv, and still no signal. What a waste of time with this product. Garbage!
 what do you expect for 20 bucks, knowing what i know now i would have opted for a more expensive pair, this was throwing 20 bucks into the wind
 My fault, I failed to read the negative reviews!!! I was in a hurry and this seemed like a good item. What good is it if there is no power option provided!!!!! I have a universal charging unit with multiple sizes and none fit. Again this is a timely thing and I would have spent more money for a unit that included a power source!!!!!!!!
 The arrow was broken/head-band was cut/wings had a large spill stain . The bag had been cut open. Will not purchase again .
 Worked well for about 3weeks the starting being really flaky. Threw it away.
 Unit was defective . One motor did not work and no camera feed . Sent back. Will re order hopefully have better luck with the next one. Update Will not reorder . They have had my return since wednesday it is now sunday and seller has not processed my return .
 Only turns on when connected to charger.. needed this for a trip and its such poor quality
 Not worth it. Photos are not clear at all and when I used the Video to do a walk around. It was very choppy and it looked bad. My cell phone is 30 times better.
 The quality is low. It falls down easily and there's no way to fix the issue. Assembling and dissembling is all hassle. First time I used the bulb base stuck and the bulb itself came out. So I have to find a new bulb and the ceramic base itself is also broken. Overall it's full of hassle and I would not recommend anyone to by this product. Worse part is I didn't use it in the first month and the return window is closed. So it's gonna end up in garbage can.
 Kept freezing and corrupting memory card - tried two different units
 The shell is flimsy and brittle with flaps that don't sit flat and a shape that doesn't sit square. The design relies on single snap-button connections on each side and pop-out hangers for the fabric liner. To much glare for what I needed.
 The three lens wipes that were supposed to be moist, were dry and completely useless.
 This is NOT a camera. This is an overpriced motion detector light.
 the picture clearly shows a labeled item and what i received appears to be a cheap knockoff. the stand will barely "stand" by itself much less with a camera on it. i have another one that is clearly much better and will support a camera. this was a waste of money will try a different vendor.
 The picture I took from this camera is worse than my Iphone 4. It's so blurred. I tried to adjust to the highest resolution and with the macro len but still worse than Iphone 4. I can't even read all the text
 Very disappointed in this product. First off the setup is that of nightmares and only works about half of the time. Also the camera never stays online and constantly disconnects from the Wi-Fi. I would not recommend this product to anyone.
 The screen protector kit I received was in total disarray. The screen protectors were out of their protective shields with no adhesive to attach them to the camera. The wiping clothes when opened were totally dried out, no instructions include, ect. Bad experience, not recommended.
 However its been one week since I have used the product and suddenly the camera does not power on nor charge. no matter what you do.
 Wanted me to dumb down my wifi password so it could connect...no thank you
 THIS THING IS DANGEROUS! So, I had mine for 5 months, plugged in full time. Today, the video went blurry. I checked EVERYTHING (and I'm an electronic wiz) but found no issues. I finally resorted to opening the case and the battery pack was puffed up like a balloon. Other reviewers have complained about this as well. This thing is about to pop, and if it did before I noticed the issue, it could have caused a fire! I highly recommend not buying this because of the potential internal battery explosive issue.
 This product is impossible to set up and operate due to the lack of instructions and will not power on in order for it to work. It's a total waste of money!
 Poor quality, made out of plastic, only used it twice and is already broken, it only fit one of my helmets. Do yourself a favor and save your money!!
 Bought it for my Boyfriend while I am away for a few months. When it even works the camera is glitchy.
 Absolute junk!! Broke the first day we had it just putting the phone on!!!!
 Didn’t workout, the suction cups with the Arlo Pro cameras couldn’t be used as they have the screw in the back and I wanted to mounted in the inside window facing out onto the street, also not long enough!
 Do not waste your money! I’ve put this thing together two times and both of the corners are ripping. The background doesn’t stay up unless you put it behind the PVC but then that defeat the purpose because you can see the PVC in the picture so I had to purchase separate clips to keep it from falling down. And then on top of that the day that I ordered it it said that it was discounted but apparently it was not an Amazon never refunded me like they said they were going to.
 I ordered a 2 pack and only received one pack!
 The batteries were not all working. One can’t be charged at all. Am just going to throw it away
 Firstly, I do like the backdrop. But in the product overview, it says that there are 3 velcro mounting loops: One at the top (i.e. portrait) and two along one side (i.e. landscape). I only have the one at the top. Also, the muslin has started to wrinkle, but I guess (hope) this can be steamed out?
 This charger no longer is working. Tried it on multiple outlets w multiple different plugs. No dice, it doesn't show any power at all. it is less than 2 months old.
 Bought this months ago set up app, downloaded it and still won’t link to camera. Haven’t been able to use.
 I never received your product.
 No clear instructions, doesn't last more than 10 or 20 minutes. Buy cheap get cheap
 Horribly frustrating strap to hold it onto the light. I expected a much better fit. Not much better than trying to stretch a rubber band around the diffuser to old it on. Kept falling off after I did get it strapped on. In a time sensitive situation it would be maddening to use this product. You get what you pay for and in this instance, not much.
 Does not fit vortex diamondback 20-60 x 80 spotting scope - and broke after dropping once onto garage floor ... cheap
 My kit came broken. The cardboard box even had “BROKEN” written on it and it was still sent out. It had potential but the set was use less when it arrived. I’d like a new set or at least my money back.
 Dead on arrival. Plugged into charger and lights show solid green 2/4 dots even after 12 hours.
 All I wanted was a camera which was better than my built in laptop camera. I was shocked ! The video quality of this camera is really bad. I mean lousy! In this case you definitely get what you pay for. Look at Best Buy and you will see that a decent camcorder starts at $200. I am never motivated enough to write a review but in this case, I think I owe it to all of you.
 I initially rated this as a very strong bag. However, less than 2 months after my purchase a pocket has ripped. Very disappointed as I have had a basic AMAZON bag for 8 years and never had that problem.
 arlo failed me when I needed it most. says I need to reset password and I just got it! will not allow me to log in so I have no security now. I need to get a refund.
 This product DOES NOT work for me !! Is it to late to return it ?
 The product was easy too install but within 2 months the iOS app stopped working. It opens and then crashes right away. Completely useless. There are plenty of cheap choices, try a different one because this one is a waste of money and time installing.
 Do not buy from this person, I ordered this Defiant 270 Degree, when I got it it was used wires were stripped and did not work, yes I am an electrician, this is junk will never order anything from this person.
 I didn’t receive any of the party box only the camera Spent 25 min on the phone What a waste of time amazon !
 To small for my motto e4 plus, will send it back.
 Purchased one. Didn't work wouldn't power up with battery inserted. No lights. Returned and got a second and same thing. It's pure garbage.
 Never used them and sent them back.
 I bought a new mobius action cam on june 30, used it maybe 3 times, never dropped it, never got wet, out of the blue isn't turning on anymore...i m livid this is total BS, it is fully charged too ... horrible product
 Poor quality. Velcro doesn’t stay put and my camera ends up falling through the Velcro shielding. It was great fir taking on an airplane though. Perfect size for carry on. Carried all my equipment ok for that.
 I purchased this bag to take on a 1 week vacation. I liked the slim design and the sling for easy access to my camera while still wearing the bag. Unfortunately I had to return it because the fabric started to pull away from the zipper after using it for only a week. I ended up returning it to Amazon ( a little annoyed that they charged me a restocking fee on a defective item) and ordering a different brand that is a little bigger and has more features. Hope it lasts longer than this one.
 I had for only 3 months now no camera work at all.
 Bought July 2018, dead by September 2018. Just quit delivering power. Confirmed by using a different cable. I guess it can’t withstand the elements.
 Won’t connect My phone sits and makes a high pitch noise and nothing
 I hate leaving bad reviews but this one is deserved! I decided to give these a try and order a dozen of these for my d750. I shoot professionally and these have stopped working mid shoot and mid weddings with no warning. Over 75% of the batteries have failed and the others have issues communicating with my Nikon bodies. They keep on sending me new ones but it just keeps failing over and over. Vivitar has some serious quality control issues and I cannot recommend these batteries. OEM are by far the most reliable and if you rely on critical work just spend the extra on it. The wasabi ones are also a hit or miss but are by far more reliable than the Vivitar ones. I Don't recommend these and look elsewhere for batteries.
 Ironically for a zwave device this paired and connected to smartthings with no hassle at all. Unfortunatly it does not work as expected. it shows the window as open when opened less than 50% of the time. I can actually here the magnetic switch click when it works and not click when it does not. Maybe i got a lemon but I suspect this is just poor quality and design. i tried it it multiple locations on the window, and just to be sure I tried it on my desk with the magnet and switch right next to each other, aligned perfectly. It still registered an open less than 50% of the times tried.
 Had ordered 3 of them & Loved the concept, but had to return all 3 as the odor was overwhelming and could not get rid of it. We tried airing them out - setting in front of fans - nothing worked.
 Printer does not come with ink or paper. We still, after 8 months have not been able to use printer. Can’t find Ink or paper to purchase. For price. It’s terrible deal
 Cameras were clear unless is was dark good pictures for the most part but had to keep my phone on the screen to record, couldn’t get the motion detection to record automatically at all called customer support and the voicemail was full left a call back number I’m guessing texts them never got a call went step by step with the instructions book and some of the prompts didn’t even work at this point I’m getting ready to send it back!
 Get what you pay for, I guess... Stitching let go just about a month after arrival.
 I order this and it was just delivered outside my house with a few other things. I'm so mad and disappointed my package had been open and I'm missing parts of my order like this SD card . Cant refund it bc I have send back the product that I don't have .
 I really wish I'd gotten around to setting this up sooner. I would have returned this item. Practically brand new. Nothing 'wrong' with it so to speak, but I got this as an alarm security for my room as our house got broken into back in October. The reason I got this is so it would warn me when someone was in my room and/or record images of the individual. After about 4 or 5 firmware updates (so it was current on firmware) I discovered that the alarm takes a still picture but it was never of me moving, so no picture of someone who would walk in. Also, the alerts came 10 minutes after the motion was detected. It works ok as a live image, and you can record images as long as you are actively on the app, but that kind of defeats the purpose of a live alarm/alert. Moving on, the website and downloads for pc software wouldn't even let me install, and consistently used broken English while trying to download and in it's error messages.
 Does not work per the instructions.
 Tripod was serviceable while it worked but after a month the plastic on the phone holder started to break apart from VERY light use. So I have the tripod but I can't use it with my phone because the phone attachment broke where it connects to the tripod. If I had used this daily for months I'd be okay with it, but I've used it no more than 5 times and the plastic started breaking.
 It just straight out does not work I put the right batteries in it and it does absolutely nothing but but then again it wasn't that expensive so so I kind of figured it wouldn't anyway
 I would not recommend this product. It was not easy set up. It took two hours and and I only got it to work by creating a new account with a different email address. Support was no help at all. Then it logged me off after a month of use. I Logged back in. (With the email address that i could t set it up with bc I forgot I used a different one). It of course would not connect to WiFi, but then it did but wouldn’t pair with my phone (wrong email). After numerous failed attempts it wouldn’t even connect to the WiFi. I contacted support and after three hours they said there was no account for my email. Note: the first thing they ask you for is your email. Three hours later the tell me no account found and that’s when I tempered this was the same issue I had at set up and that I used a different email. It’s back up now, but three hours??? The support is lacking.
 Take too much battery to the place that because my business open 24 hours
 Only works with certain wall plugs, many contemporary cover plates are incompatible. Be cautious.
 I never received the 4 year security systems
 picture great during day very bad at night have older cameras on system they are better at night think some thing wrong with this camera
 I won't recommend this product is not working after you leave the house. Is a trash product.
 Junk.. reolink cameras so far are just pure junk..,.this camera just plain sucks.. but a blink xt it works better and can take a beating
 Fully charged 2x after receiving - turns on for a second, immediately shuts off. No watertight casing received either per the description. Buyer beware. Certified not-worth-it. No one checked it before taking my money and shipping it.
 Only worked a week and stopped working
 Honestly this item is trash. It doesn’t even work after setting it up for half a day. It has one color. There was a partial refund that was offered for this item, which I don’t want. I paid full price, so I should be receiving 100% of my money back. DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM. IT IS MOST DEFINITELY A WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME.
 I recommend that you buy such a product from a company specializing in them.
 This product not worth you money mine won’t even turn on it only charges as soon as i take it off nothing works and i haven’t used it for one video and it’s sucks
 Nice looking camera system but the software is crap it does not work and as for viewing on your phone well that also dont work .I have emailed them (Which is the only way to contact them) and the response was terribly written and of no help at all .So now i have a camera system that i cant rewind and view the recordings on my monitor or my cellphone (which is why i bought this system in the first place ) . The instruction manual is crappy and of no help at all .I read other reviews and was skeptical and it turns out the bad reviews were correct .I will be replacing this system in the near future as this system works sometimes but most of the time does not .
 Reluctantly, I bought this as a low-cost option to take macro pictures with my D5600. The first thing I noticed was how difficult it was to twist onto the camera body. It was almost as if the product was going to strip the attachment pin right out of the camera. This alone was enough for me to stop using the product. I returned the product and purchased a lens specifically geared towards macro photography, which was ultimately a much wiser choice.
 Disappointing as the camera box looked to be opened when we got it. It was missing a few parts, which made us a bit suspicious. Then when we went to test out the camera, it showed a System Error message and could not get it to clear. We are returning it. It is very disappointing as it was a purchase for my daughter who is leaving for an internship outside the country. We did not have enough time to order a replacement and get it before she left. And shipping outside the country adds all kinds of costs. Bummer for something that isn't cheap.
 The adhesive is super crappy. Don’t waste your money on these. Lost a $300 go pro because of this crappy mount.
 Did not recieve item even tho was advised delivered....
 I'm so disappointed. Hit the buy again on a camera i already had, but recieved something different. They don't even work on the same app, which is stupid. I'm suppose to be able to have 6 of the same cameras on this app. I tried setting it up anyway, it kept saying it was already registered to another account. Once i finally got customer service to unbind it, and i could set it up, it doesnt work like it's supposed to. Doesn't even pan tilt. If i wanted a stationary camera, I would have bought one. I can't control it, and moved it around at all with my phone like i can the previous one, along with a host of other issues. I'm barely under the 30 day return. I'm sending this crap back
 Do not buy, it only worked for 5 minutes.
 2 out of the 4 didn't work
 Disappointed with Amazon,
 If you’re looking for camera protection this is not the bag for you. It may be water proof, but I don’t see how this case would prevent any breaking or damage. It is extremely flexible and thin. I would not trust my camera in this bag placed in another bag- unless that other bag had a hard shell to protect from damage.
 Before 2 month of purchase, after first rain 2 of 4 cameras turn blur, cameras in same room shows poor signal
 Does not tighten down.
 It came with a problem, you can’t take out the battery, I am new to cameras so I didn’t think it was a big deal but it is.
 I give this product a big fat zero. Complete waste of money. I purchased to use at wedding receptions because I didn't want my 500.00 flashes on the dance floor. They worked one night and the next they make a grinding noise and don't work. Piece of crap. Even when they did work the power output was very poor.
 Very cheaply made...the flap to hold the battery in seems like it will break easily. Not impressed! Takes blurry pictures too!
 AVOID THIS SELLER. The order checkout guaranteed two day delivery which would be today, Saturday March 31. We were just advised by Amazon that it will not arrive until tomorrow by 8pm. Our Church was desperately needing this tripod for Easter Services. We purchased the more expensive one because it was guaranteed to be here today. EXTREMELY POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE.
 I was very happy when I recieved the item & so excited about it. But after one day studying of the camera, i was so disappointed because the Mode (top of the camera in the right side) is defective, I can’t turn it properly & so difficult. Then i tried to contact the (seller) in their email but i only had one responce. Not really helful at all, I’m not used to ordered online so I don’t know where i can sent back my item. I’m glad i call NIKON & gave me instructions how to sent it back here in app. ! Really bad experience!!
 I wouldn’t buy this I going to return it won’t charge
 So unlike everyone else here, I got mine working fine... Problem was, though, it reconfigured my WiFi over and over blocking SEVERAL different ports such as the homedepot website, PSN, XFINITY/support, ect.,. I'm installing my 4th modem now and then taking a baseball bat to this price of $#!+ like Michael Bolton in office space.
 Bought three of these cameras, added SD cards and solar panels. Though customer service has eventually offered a partial refund, the hassles are not worth anyone's efforts. Major defect is the ridiculously slow response time of the cameras' activation/motion detector. They eventually kick in and I have recorded the back side of many delivery service personnel. A thief can make off with a package and one would be lucky if the camera caught the shoes of the exiting perpetrator. Accompanying software is "clunky" and persnickety. Once you master it, you'll likely know more about it than the customer support staff. Be prepared to be directed to FAQ links you have all ready memorized and typically have nothing to do with the issue for which you are seeking help or worse yet...not even the product you are inquiring about. On the plus side, the daylight recorded images are quite good and vividly capture curious squirrels sitting on them.
 It is the wrong size and I cannot use it
 After one month of use it literally exploded and never worked again. I used to think that this was a good brand but not anymore.
 I was unable to install myself. Directions were unclear and it stopped working after a few months. The ha w keeps on falling off and the outside handle won’t turn the latch anymore.
 They referred me to a company warranty. I don't know where to go now.
 I ordered paper and paid extra for one day shipping only to receive MUSLIN. So frustrating.
 B+W filters are 5 star but I received a counterfeit. The box wasn't sealed, the filter was too lightweight, the lettering on the filter was the wrong color, and the filter glass was dirty.
 If you are looking to shoot a selfie off the top of your car, or something relatively flat, this works like a charm, and is light enough to fit into your backpack. However, if you are looking to use it to stick you phone to the side of a fence railing, overlooking a cliff, buy a better quality one. This is not strong enough for you to have peace of mind. A strong gust of wind might dislodge it and you will lose your phone!
 I have never been able to use this product. It’s designed so poorly that it won’t stay on my speedlight. I wouldn’t recommend
 I cannot get this camera to work, period. I bought the card you’re supposed to insert, but it doesn’t insert correctly. Waste of money!
 Just got a stand in to use the green screen. This is pure crap!! Can’t put it on the pole. No pockets or anything to put it on the pole. If you try to fold it over the pole it falls off, cheap material. Looks noting like the picture. Highly upset!!!!!!!
 The screw and the bolt cannot be bolted together as the inner threads of the bolt are damaged hence the camera cannot be fixed to the hand grip.
 i have had the product for 32 days and one of the cameras died. i called customer service and they are none responsive. very disappointed in the product quality and the available support.
 Not sure if the item is defective or not, but the picture quality was terrible. My pictures either popped up pitch dark or they were just white.
 It only records for 10 seconds and takes 5 minutes to reset to record new movement.
 Bought this feature rich camera with I read was motion detection but after reading the manual this is not an enabled feature and an external sensor must be added. Fool me once never again wansview
 Piece of crap...HORRIBLE
 I didn't know it, but it wasn't working during entire 2 week trip the Great Barrier Reef. Took it to Best Buy to see if they had any advice. Showed me where a prong was broke. Too late to return. Shabby product.
 Good support but terrible product. Constantly showing offline, constantly causing my Wi-Fi network to crash, no reset button on cameras to reset them, poor WiFi range, and takes an act of Congress to remove them from any Wi-Fi network and set them up again. I would not recommend this product to anyone!!
 Didnt work, I returned it
 I am EXTREMELY disappointed in the Polaroid film I’ve bought on Amazon over the past year. The photos came out of my camera with big streaks on them. I went to a camera shop, but nothing was wrong with my camera. The repairman said to check the expiration date. I received film today that was 3 months expired! I’ve bought 10+ packages of film off of Amazon from Polaroid, and now my pictures are ruined because Polaroid sent expired film. I have been scammed and sold expired items. Polaroid needs to fix this NOW and stop sending expired film.
 The description differed significantly from the real thing, notably that there is no pocket with a Velcro closure. A deal-breaker for me. Returned it at once.
 Batteries go dead in days sometimes hours the worst product I've ever bought.
 Well I am afraid this is a fail. Not holding a charge to the battery and the panel is in direct sun light. I need to figure out a way to just hook it up to electricity and forget the panel thing. Waste of money
 I purchased these batteries for a film camera and less than 10 minutes of usage the batteries had died.
 Garbage. 5 settings all do the same thing and no info or instructions. I wasted Hours trying to figure it out and it just beeped and flashed when I changed Settings no help at all. Don’t buy this it’s garbage.
 Seemed like a really cheap product ..the piece to rest my phone on was always bent ..didn’t seem like it held up.
 I was sent an international manual and charger and asked to have a new charger sent along with a manual and instead they made me return the entire camera. THEN, they sent the same international version AGAIN. Finally they just sent me a charger . . I used the camera a few times and liked the concept of the macro lens and then a piece of the lens where it inserts/connects to the camera broke. I spent almost 2 weeks with customer service who forced me to send pictures over and over and was told a new camera would be sent and it never was. I finally contacted Amazon to return with a less than full refund because I was past 30 days. I appreciated Amazon's help as I would've been out $300. DO NOT buy from this company. You will get a run around if things go wrong.
 This camera never worked. I tried setting it up several times and it said it connected but never stayed connected. I tried to get ahold of their customer service and since it is in China they were never available and never answered my email.
 I ordered one week before my vacation to Spain. It didn't work. When I got back from Spain and tried to return it, I was told I went past the cancelation policy.
 The product itself, amazing. I've shot with it the past year and a half as a professional videographer for the automotive industry. The past two months however I've noticed it shutting off randomly for nor reason. It also started reading the battery incorrectly. Now finally this week during a vehicle shoot it randomly died out of nowhere. Seems to do with something with the motors. I recommend it for shooting but not something you'd want long term if it just dies on you. And since there's no warranty I am out the 750 I spent on it.
 Camera won't read them: totally useless, never worked
 Stopped working 3 days after I got it ..
 This refurbished camera also went bad do not buy refurbished
 I just opened my order and the Fuji INSTAX film is missing.... that was the main reason I ordered this item(because it was a complete set) and it did not come. Don’t trust the reviews. This seller is a scammer
 Product did not work with ONVIF
 The item didn't have a sim card .Very unhappy?
 Product arrived USED with damaged packaging. Return option not provided.
 I've used this camera just a few times and the button has already broken rendering the camera completely useless. In its broken position, the camera cannot function at all. For the price of this thing, you'd think it'd be built more durably, but no! The external microphone don't seem to function well. This camera "looks" awesome however its NOT what it appears
 This is the second one I sent for and it doesn't fit again. I don't know why I can't find one that fits but I can't. I is always a very little bit to big. I will keep looking.
 Packet delivered in open condition
 It Broke when my Camera was attached and broke my lens.
 Stopped working in the middle of a shoot. First time we had used it but ordered it a month prior so they wouldn't do anything for it
 Camera worked 1 time. Now camera won't record for longer than 5 minutes. Piece of garbage.
 Will not work as advertised. Don't waste your money!
 This was a joke! This is definitely a cheaply made alcohol detector. It came with no directions, as well. Just in a plain white box in a plastic bag. Really? If you purchased one, get your money back. If you haven't, steer clear!! Since I don't drink, it's going back.
 I'm returning this product. Listing never stated it wouldn't work with Windows 7.
 When i placed this order my credit card got hacked by doing business with them. Not good!!!!
 Software is cumbersome and cameras connected via a LAN often lose settings and must be hard reset. Their customer service and technical support is non-existent. I'm not certain the company is still in business at this point.
 This screen protector sucked so bad. Waste of money. Disappointed. Screen doesnt even work, you have to press down hard.
 broke not long after getting
 After using for 2 weeks started to notice many times of not connecting while not home. Very poor quality of photo at night and sound always poor quality. Camera diameter of view is very limited. Got other brand from amazon for little more price but was much much better and can really monitor my house/ baby
 Never received product
 This thing was DOA, returned for refund.
 Never worked once. It's garbage.
 It's terrible. The instructions are written poorly, the phone App is clunky, it comes with a CD Rom that does not load the software that it was intended to load, and I can't access the live feed but rarely. Need I go on? It's a poor product and needs to leave Amazon.
 No instructions! Asking for a code that I don't have..
 I cannot say enough bad things about how terrible the wifi connection is to my Android phone. Once in a while it works and other times the phone says that the connection to the wifi is bad. How can that possible be when the phone had previously been connected to my wifi network? Don't buy this phone. I've set up my share of wifi devices but this phone is terrible when it comes to connectivity.
 Garbage. They used to be okay. Now they discharges so fast that I'm sure they are empty or near empty every time I pick up my camera. They will discharge by itself actually just sitting two days on the shelf.
 The setup process is nice and the camera works great inside the house. The wide view is great. Found two big issues: a) Alexa control is only to turn off and on, not to stream video to the Echo show. b) When connecting from outside of the home it takes forever, seems it is pinging some servers on China... The price is good but I found the Netvue cameras to offer even more features and much better Alexa integration at a similar cost.
 Could not get the camera to sync to my wifi network. Had to purchase a micro SD card to update the software on the camera which was also unsuccessful. Contacted customer support and went through the syncing procedure again with no success. I was told that this problem would be expedited to a higher level of troubleshooting and would receive a call back when a tech was available. I have yet to hear from them. I am returning this item.
 Difficult to set up.
 Why are there DOG BED reviews on this camera rating?
 Consider this product isn't available anymore leads me to believe this was an intentional dump of cheap junk on the vast Amazon market. The DVR malfunctioned and there is a disconnect between the motherboard and the input face plate. Basically shoddy work on crap equipment. Lasted 18 months...
 Never recieved this product
 Didn't even last a year, and I only used it about once a month! About two months after I got it, the little rubber tab on top that you open the jaws with broke. I guess I was okay with that. But now the whole bottom part cracked where it connects to the actual tripod and it won't stay on. I don't recall beating anyone with it, so I guess it just cracked and got all decrepit just sitting there. I guess it was okay for how cheap it was but still... I'll be trying a different brand.
 This is VERY CHEAP! The tripod itself is okay but I own a iPhone 8+ and it barely held it up.. I assume it would work fine for a go pro... the remote is TRASH .. number one the battery they sent with it I think was to big for the slot because when I finally got it to shut it started to crack along the seam (pic attached) .. I wouldn’t really recommend this product the only reason I haven’t sent it back is because I didn’t really need the remote for what I wanted to do and the tripod worked okay... I would say spend alittle extra money and get something better..
 They work great when they work. Set up is nightmarish and they just... stop, sometimes. So that becomes a recurring nightmare. Save your 30 bucks. (ps- I bought two so it's not just a bum unit) Updated: I thought maybe I was being harsh. I was definitely being juvenile when I got so angry I just threw the thing across the room and broke the glass on a picture frame. Now I REALLY hate these cameras. Going in the trash. Along with a broken frame. :(
 The housing will not close with my GoPro in the case. This is a worthless product with poor quality management. Waste of 15$.
 Piece of crap broke in two places. Cheap plastic save your money.
 I never received my case.
 DID NOT Work with Apple iMovie, all my other GoPro / action cans do. Black on/off flickering - no mater what resolution - must have something to do with the .mov format it uses.... very annoying!. Can’t recommend.
 I have been using this for 2 months and now it is a little brick. Worked awesome and then it didn’t. Tried a new card, now it won’t turn on at all after a week. I think I’ll suck it up and buy a GoPro :( No warranty from seller, no response from Drift.
 I'm pissed. Ordered this for my husband. It arrived yesterday and I just opened the box to get it out to charge stuff and all that is in the pkg is hard case, something to clean the video camera and SD card. I DONT BELIEVE THAT EQUALS $1200. There is NO DRONE NOR IS THERE ANY OF THE ACCESSORIES THIS WAS SUPPOSED TO COME WITH. I BELIEVE I NEED MY $1200 BACK!!!! WE CAN ORDER FROM SOMEONE ELSE WHO ACTUALLY PAYS ATTENTION TO WHAT THEY ARE SENDING OUT!!!!
 Easy to build. But very fragile broke on the second use.
 False advertisement do not buy it
 Terrible product. I wasn't disappointed because I didn't expect much when I decided to give it a try. There's nothing natural looking about these lashes.
 The first one I got was Dirty and had marks all over the white. Sent it back and same thing on the second one. So returning for my money back now.
 The camera is great while it works. It keeps saying network error when there is nothing wrong with my network. I can only get the camera to work about half of the time.
 Didnt come with the tripod stand, USB cable, or the correct case. !!! You will not get exactly what you order !!! I feel scammed...
 I can't believe they make you pay monthly if you buy more than a few frames. That shameful, they should give you a discount if you buy more not charge you more money. For some reason they try to punish you if you are a big client, they think it makes sense...
 This camera is horrible compared to the original Q-See cameras I have. The light sensitivity is too sensitive. I used this camera inside the house (because image quality is so bad I moved the better cameras outside.) But even when lights are on, it just keeps flipping back and forth between night vision and regular color. I ended up just setting it to night only just to keep it from constantly switching back and forth. Inside I just need it to see if baby is asleep and ok. Quality is so bad you can't tell any kind of facial description of someone outside. These are far from any kind of HD quality
 I thought these were a great buy however I find out I need an app that programmed overseas. I haven’t tried them because the software to operate is not private. I need to create an account with a Company in another Country! I’m not crazy about this! I am going to try and return them because of third party software I know nothing about. It’s a SECURITY CAMERA right?
 Do NOT order from this company. The printer came broken, it doesn't work and I already went out and bought film for it. It's saying the film is empty when it isn't. Super big waste of money and time. I took over a week to get here and arrived broken! And I needed it for a project. Highly disappointed and 110% do not recommend.
 PLEASE READ BEFORE BUYING!!!! As like many other people who look at reviews before buying, I was kinda impressed with the reviews. I should've found reviews from people who had this for months. I've had this for 6 months and it's already having problems!!! I can't hear the alarm anymore. It sounds like a drowning alarm clock. The keypad that arms the alarm, has gotten the button stuck or something. If your looking for a product that would last at least a year, go somewhere else to buy.
 Power button issues- camera will not power up.
 First off the device has an FTP server but you can not name the file that it will upload. While there is a way to make it display the image in your website, it can no longer be linked to by other cam sites to increase traffic or interest in your resort, store, etc. It can hold a large SD card but it can not store its own video on it. If you want to store constant video the webcam has to connect to a computer. When I tried that I found out it is a serious bandwidth hog on my own internal network. I was going to return it but while I was in town my dog chewed the package and destroyed everything but the ipcam itself.
 Can I please return the security system for another wireless one . I was moving in my house and bought this over Christmas and I thought it was wireless. It has not been used and is only opened to see that it was not wireless. The box and everything is deceiving . There is NO description or pictures of wire's . I will purchase the difference of another security system and return this one. I didn't move in till February. Thank you
 The video quality is decent for the price. I do not like the phone app b/c there's a constant lag when you want to move the camera. It worked for a few months, and now it is constantly trying to connect/offline. I've tried reinstalling the app and camera, and it never works. Waste of money.
 I have a problem with it in that if you put the camera on it you cannot use a quick release for the tripod, The screw in the quick release is not long enough - it should be at least a quarter of an inch longer. Therefore the bracket can only be used with the camera hand held or directly to the tripod which prohibits mobility or movement of the camera.
 Wouldn't hook to a Moto Z Force, like they're other products. Returned for refund
 could not get camera to work and did what instructions said. gave camera to a electronic eng see if it work, waste money
 Blocks viewfinder partially.
 Item didn’t look anything like the picture and was not worth it. The backdrop material was great quality but picture not as expected at all
 Not sure all will have this issue. I have had IP cam network and Blue Iris for the last 3 years. I have 11 cameras on network for several different manufacturers. I know how to configure in Blue Iris. Even the CMS software never found the camera? I could get it on IE but the language was in I believe Chinese, so no way to recheck configuration. Unfortunately I had high hopes for this camera, but now I am returning. Sad thing is I have one more on the way. I will give it my best try as well, but I am afraid it will be another return.
 Camera would not feed the recommended Polaroid film. I tried two different packs and followed the instructions. Camera and film were returned for refund.
 Water leak camera destroyed/no company response - I purchased this product for our mission team's GoPro specifically for the water activities we sponsor with the kids. I routinely noticed the battery had a clunky & unfinished feel to it when tryin to utilize with the camera. When we attempted to use it to film water activities the seal failed & the camera & battery were destroyed. Attempted to contact the company through Amazon a week ago but rec'd no response.
 Poorly constructed. It wont stay open. Waste of money.
 Wouldn’t charge. I even tried a different cord.
 Junk, did not last garbage waste of time
 DO NOT BUY!!! I did not get my camera. Instead inside the Canon box was a cheap mini wireless keyboard. I am very frustrated, because the only reason I bought a camera on Amazon was because I needed it quickly for my college photo course. Now I am without a camera and uncertain if I will even get my money back, even though I didn't receive my camera. I've learned my lesson. I will never buy an expensive item like this on Amazon ever again. 0/10 do not recommend. Do not put yourself through the stress and headache I now have to deal with fighting to get my money back on an item I never received.
 It was not even near what the picture shows
 Would only take stills, no movie function. Binoculars would not focus properly. Bought for my girlfriend's Alaska cruise. Her cell phone did better.
 The product they were insuring was cancelled by Amazon. Could not contact them (square t) at the site given in the warranty. Not happy!
 The D5300 is an outstanding camera. That's why I ordered it. What arrived was a gray market, non US model: no US warranty, incompatible video (no NTSC), & other issues. It's probably fine in Eastern Europe. The vendor would not / could not exchange it.
 I cannot take a clear photo with this camera in my hands. Son in Law says there maybe settings on it to solve the problem. But he is nearly 400 miles from NC. Won't know until he checks it out It takes fine pictures from the tripod
 No direction at all just the camera..i will try to youtube and if i cant figure it out im sending it back..i cant believe they forgot the direction to set the camera up
 I just received my battery grip today and right out of the box I thought it was going to be amazing. Once inserting brand new batteries (also arrived today) The grip started giving me problems and not Turning on. I got a message saying a canon battery must be placed on the left side ,so I did as prompted, and then received another message saying grip does not work with counterfeit batteries. May I add, these batteries were also bought from amazon so I don’t think these batteries would be counterfeit.
 This camcorder has really bad material quality, small size of camcorder just looks like kid’s toy, and the videos i shot were not clear too, personally i wouldn’t accept over 200 bucks to buy this quality of camcorder
 It looks like the real thing, except it continuously blinks and will not shut off when the dome is pressed. I can feel the heat from the battery compartment. There were no instructions in the box. Not worth sending back for a refund.
 Purchased back in Feb 2018, Used the battery twice in the camera, both times the battery once inserted and the camera is turned on it shows it as full within seconds starts to go from full to 1/3 then shows 1 bar on the battery and the camera dies. Horrible......
 After deciding to give this product a chance despite all the poor reviews I am left extremely disappointed. It worked for less the 24hrs. No matter what I have tried (restarting, pulling the battery, cleaning, etc) now all I get is a charging fault on the camera. My installation is 20’ in the air so... ya
 Git this in October and it just quit, won't power up.
 Worst purchase I’ve ever made on Amazon. Don’t waste your time or money buying this. I was told to get a microSD card so the camera would be able to hold the memory and play back footage. So I went and bought the MicroSD card, fit perfectly fine, but it didn’t even work. Tried resetting it a few times, deleted the app and added the camera again, everything! Yet nothing worked. Also the camera tends to make a weird crackling sound that’s super annoying when you’re trying to sleep.
 It doesn't work. That's my whole review. It's a worthless piece of crap! Very rarely could I get it to even take a picture. Nothing about it works. No motion sensitivity. Nothing! Worthless
 wrong cord did not work
 The lense broke 1 month after purchase
 I ordered the solid black one and I got one with a design. Seems like a good strap except they decided to send me a random one instead of the one I ordered. Will be returning
 If you have a dslr don’t get this, it broke within a month for me.
 After 11 months of light use one of the clips broke and the strap is now useless.
 Cheap product. Customer service is non existent. Do not recommend.
 Shoulder strap ripped after first use
 Terrible product. Stopped working after 2 days. Cheap crap.
 Lenses were blurry. Tripod to small for iPhone X. Worst quality I have ever purchased on Amazon.
 Buyer Beware: I purchased this as “new.” The product received was clearly used - visible damage to the battery, a crack in the body by the battery release, the battery had been recharged 9 times, and the start tone was in a minor key! There was no packaging/plastic on the drone or controller. I’ve been an Amazon buyer since 2004 and this is my first experience with someone trying to pull a fast one on me.
 Camera is typically "offline". I have followed the section in the app and reset the wifi connection but, still cant usualy connect to the cam. will be sending back and buying a better one.
 I bought a used 150w led lighter. But you sent me 100w lighter. Omg!!!! How must I do ? You are a bad dealer absolutely!!!!!!
 I bought 3 of these cameras and although they came with a directions booklet the majority of the booklet is in another language. I never could get them to work. I tried looking up a 'how to' video on youtube and it too was in another language. What a waste of time, money, and effort.
 Worked great until it didn't. It only lasted 3 months before the cord in the back came loose and cannot be fixed.
 Both batteries wouldn’t hold a charge within one year of purchase.
 This is not worth to buy. It is not a big as it seems on the images showed above. Don’t waste your money.
 Waste of money. Worked for 2 minutes and the app said not connected than it shot straight up in the sky never to be seen again. Don't buy.
 I bought five of these total, three of them keep going off-line, I replaced the batteries Irene stall them and then a few days or a week or two later they go back off-line again.
 Feels like a $20 cam. Has limited functionality. Horrible beeping noise when pressing function buttons
 Could barely even see out of it, not clear at all and too small. Can't adjust it either.
 I never received it, I ordered the same one twice!!!!!
 This is for the oldest form of internet an would not connect to my current internet.
 I do not recommend to buy a Nikon camera - among the other issues, the Nikon camera has a serous focus issue. Nikon customer service is also very unprofessional - very slow, incompetent and unfriendly to the clients. I bought this body as my second one and discovered the working error right away. However, Amazon refused to replace the body even so it was sold by Amazon directly. I am also very disappointed with Amazon customer service. I received a broken camera from Amazon and was not able to get a replacement. I have been an Amazon prime member and buying a lot on Amazon. I will definitely change to another online retailer.
 THIS IS NOT GOLD IT IS ROSE GOLD!!!
 The battery lasts about an hour before it needs to be charged. And the shutter button broke after 2 days of use.
 Purchased 4 after 1 month 2 out of 4 would not engage with the camera. The plug fits securely. After many troubleshoot step and verification that all other components were connected securely, the plugs just will not seat deep enough into the camera to stay engage for charging. If the wind blows the chargers tops charging. The chargers do not visibly fall out of the camera charge ports, but if it doesn't charge that doesn't help much. Kinds of the defeats the purpose having a charger if you still have to take cameras down to charge them.
 So..I bought this for my moms 70th birthday. The colors for the party was black & gold. I bought this to match.. imagine my surprise when I open it and the colors are navy and gold the day of the party :( NOT HAPPY WITH THIS PURCHASE
 Takes FOREVER to charge the arlo camera.
 ALL THE 5-STAR REVIEWS ARE FAKE REVIEWS PURCHASED BY THE MANUFACTURER. I PROMISE YOU. The refresh rate on the camera is about 5-6 frames per MINUTE. Slow enough you can't even adjust the focus. The focal length of the lens is LONGER THAN THE STAND IS TALL. Meaning you MUST mount the device to an object on top of the counter you wish to view upon. The device does not lock onto the stand - it will fall off at the slightest bump. The mounting plate attaches to the device at a 90 degree angle, yet the tilting joint on the arm only has a 15 degree range of motion, ensuring that the device cannot be pointed directly at the viewing surface under any circumstance. The zoom cannot be adjusted - the default zoom setting is the only setting. The software crashes regularly, forcing you to push the "sharp objects button." (They meant reset. The Engrish is good for a laugh at least xD) I literally cannot think of a single good thing to say about this device. I am offended that it was put on the market by anyone. That a fellow human being would sell this device at all shows just how little some people think of their fellow man. How dare you, sir. *How dare you.*
 Unable to maintain white balance. Image goes pink under all conditions. Product support was very kind and knowledgeable but unable to provide lasting resolution.
 It did not work at all
 Never received Product contacted twice
 Never recived this iteam
 HELLO THERE I BOUGHT ZMODO 1080p HD NVR WIFI SYSTEM 4 HD OUTDOOR CAMERAS IN JULY 2017 FOR MY NEW HOUSE JUST PUT THEM UP THIS YEAR FEBRUARY 01 2018 ...HAVING PROBLEMS FROM THE GET GO THE CAMERAS COME ON AND SHUT OFF AND THEY ARE SHOWING A BLACK SCREEN I CALL CUSTOMER SERVICE AND GOT NO HELP AT ALL I EMAIL THE SELLER AND GOT NO RESPONSE I NEED A REFUND FOR THIS GARBAGE
 I was not able to use the security cameras. I was not able to set up WIFE connection. Instructions not clear
 Right out of the box 86% maximum charge. Put it back on the charger and 6%. Returned item. No thank you!
 Some pictures came out blank (every other) I think the quality is horrible.
 An absolute piece of junk. App is difficult to navigate. Video quality is of a 1993 camcorder.
 Just took the paper out of the cylinder it was shipped in and there was a huge dent right in the center of the roll. Looking closer, and I saw that there's also a mark on the cardboard tube it came in, so I'm guessing it happened during shipping. But we've ordered paper from another company and it came in a long box completely undamaged. These definitely need to be shipped in a different kind package marked fragile or something. I took the paper out and unrolled it a few feet and it's seriously damaged at least halfway through. It is VERY noticable and I don't know how I'm supposed to work with that. Very upset I didn't spend the extra on the other company that costed a little bit more.
 Many times it freezes and can't turn off or on. The battery has to be completely drained in order to turn it off. Also, resolution is horrible.
 Not what I expected at all. Very disappointed.
 This is still being marketed that it is iOS compatible but it isn’t. The app is not available from the apple App Store so you can’t even use it.
 The product was broken
 These are no good. Too small and cover part of camera. Spend the extra few dollars and go with a different brand.
 Ordered Sony a7R III, got a box for Sony a7R III, but the camera in the box was a Sony a7R II... "Amazon Warehouse Deals Inspected"....yeah okay.
 I ordered this item a few months ago but never had the opportunity to test it right away, and when I did, I discovered that I'd ended up with a defective one. There is no infrared signal transmitting from the device, and no amount of troubleshooting is fixing the problem. Because of their 30-day return policy, the seller would not cooperate in exchanging or allowing me to return the remote and was instructed to contact the manufacturer myself. While I certainly understand that it's policy, I can't say I'm not disappointed. My advice? If this is the remote you want, buy directly from the manufacturer who will cooperate with you should a faulty item be sent your way as opposed to a third-party seller. Setup IS easy and it works fine for simple shutter release, as I've used these remotes in the past, but you do get what you pay for. They're cheap and have a high chance of being defective, so that's also important to keep in mind.
 The picture quality is terrible I used it in my office and it only work for 4 days
 This is a flimsy, horrible quality...second time using it, it fell apart and broke!!
 I ordered this item hoping it work better than the other 3 I've purchased in the passed, but to my surprise it works even worse, and to make matters worse i was not able to return it or have it replace by amazon or the selling company, less than a month after purchasing it, this item does not work as advertised, very disappointing. I hope the stop promoting it as a good product. NOT HAPPY.
 Never received item. Amazon refunded my purchase.
 I ordered this camera and never received it! Emailed the seller twice and never heard back!! Very shady, do not order!
 (See attached image) The supports have these little metal spacers inside the sections of the supports. They break easily / are not at all durable. In the image that leftmost piece used to be secured into the rightmost piece of the support before the little mater spacers pictured next to them fell out / broke. The spacers are not properly secured. Very low quality. Disappointing.
 Not like the photo at all!
 Broke the first time I used it, glad I had my camera strap around my neck. Sent it back, got refund.
 melted off my windshield, I live in florida and left it in my car, oops
 Two months old. Unplug from charger which shows full charge. Red and dead indicator within an hour.
 The cam looks good, unfortunately I could not use it because it is impossible to connect/ sign up to the app...
 They sent the wrong size and I cannot use them. I was in an accident and unable to return them on time so now I am stuck. Never again will I order cell phone products online.
 The camera itself looks nice and sleek however I am not sure how to mount it. There are no directions for it. The instructions for the actual camera are not clear at all. It almost looks like a kindergartner wrote the instructions. I'm having a hard time getting this thing started.
 I would give zero stars if it were an option. The camcorder never even turned on. It would not hold a charge and would not even turn on when plugged in. I have one extremely disappointed 11 year old.
 I bought this tripod for a vacation and it sadly broke on the first use. I was very careful after reading other reviews. Still, the pieces under the tripod chipped off after wrapping it around an umbrella pole. $20 down the drain.
 Broke the second day.
 Received the product excitedly, absolute junk, my phone does not fit, does not work at all, did not realize Amazon sold or allowed junk to be sold, I guess being greedy is more practical.
 I may have had a lemon as this is the cheapest piece of junk ever. Plus mine did not come with a remote. My phone won’t even stay in there iPhone X it pops out bc the item is so cheap and flimsy. Save your phone
 Have not used the product yet, but the assembly directions are atrocious!!!
 Not sure what happened, but they just don’t work. Of course, RIGHT after the return window ended for us.
 I bought this due to its description of being able to hold up field monitors with the battery. Even after hand tightening at the max, field monitor falls down. The field monitor is not that heavy so it should be able to hold it up but it doesnt. Very disappointed.
 doesn't work at night, doesn't take quality pictures if it does take them at all, complete waste of money
 Worked for about 2 weeks doesn’t charge now...
 I have a sneaky suspicion that this item had already been returned: no cd-rom, no allen wrench, camera wrapped in zip lock baggie.On top of that, the camera refused to save settings, and seemed to have a mind of it's own. Sometimes it would aim left when I moved the joystick right, most of time it would not recognize movement or sound. Camera is quite heavy, seems well made- only problem is: it just doesn't do what it is supposed to do! Returned it to Amazon as this particular item must be defective, unless the 5 star reviews are all made up?
 How can you sell a camera like this for the amount that i paid and not have a freaking sd card to go with it or to buy. Ridiculous.
 What a huge disappointment. I decided to buy this 4K camcorder after reading so many good reviews. The camera is quick to set up. But I don't like the UI because it seems to be outdated. Oh boy, things were getting worse. First of all, video and images seem to be lower than 4K. Then the focus is just terrible. There is NO AUTO Focus!!! How can this happen? Even my iPhone will do autofocus. The screen is also made of a poor panel. The takeaways, NO AUTO Focus, poor resolution, Outdated UI. Disappointed!
 This camera has great video quality but the App is AWFUL and this camera DOES NOT SUPPORT iP based connections. You have to use their awful app or sign up for a peer to peer service that has no security information and seems unlikely to be safe or secure. Buy something with a useful app.
 Night vision doesn't work
 Ordered as a 1080P DVR as stated in description and what is shown in picture. Found that I was sent a 720p model.
 The black on the Border was not as dark as I thought it would be and at least two pictures didn't develop at all. Very disappointed because for the price they should all look great.
 BAD SELLER!!!!I paid for ONE DAY SHIPPING, arrived 3 days later....WHERE is MY REFUND???????..DONT BUY FROM THESE PEOPLE !!!!!!!
 I used this one time, and the next day, the lights no longer illuminate. Without light, this camera is completely useless when trying to view something in a cavity or any dark space. I do not recommend.
 This was the my review from the first cam I received: Not good....unboxed cam..went to plug in power and noticed the receiving end was too big...then realized I could hear a piece rattling around in cam. Connector was broken off inside camera, so no way to power up. Now I received a replacement, and although it works, there is no SD card slot on the camera as advertised. Just a power and Lan connection. There is no slot in the space as shown in the booklet or pics online.
 Cannot connect these cameras beyond 15ft from the box they try to make you buy more antennas to make the system work very poor poor quality will be returning
 Size was too very small, like it was 2 A4 sheets has been cut into 10 tiny sheets, couldn't do nothing useful with them
 Be aware that there is a three month warranty on this product from date of purchase. If the power supply burns out, you are out of luck.
 Welp. Doesn’t work with iPhone X. Could’ve mentioned that in the description. Downloaded the app as suggested and still didn’t work. I’d return it but that will take more effort than its worth.
 Garbage company - included ZERO DIRECTIONS. Joke - Find another company that's not located in China (USA next time).
 Piece of crap. Lasted less than one week. Won’t turn on, even with brand new batteries. This was a gift for my son, and all I did was waste my money.
 The Good: Picture quality is good, as is night vision. Both on par with what you would expect. There is a separate base station with it's own storage (via SD card), so no monthly fees to get your data off the cloud. The Bad: Pretty much everything else. The cameras have to be connected to the base station, not your WiFi network, so you can only get so far away from the base station. In my house there is just no way to cover both sides of the house with one base unit. Very frustrating because I already have a mesh WiFi system that covers the whole house and yard. The motion detection is astonishingly bad. It records dozens of little 6 second clips of nothing. I have tinkered with sensitivity, and pointing the camera slightly differently. Nothing works. There is no way to tell what motion is being detected -- most of the time I can't see anything moving. The front door cam is triggered by mystery movements, but ignores people coming to door more than half the time. The "Activity zone" feature (which to be fair is marked as beta) seems to have no effect at all. The system allows several different setup scenarios such as home, and away, disabled, etc. There is no way however to have them auto set based on location -- the obvious thing would be to allow my to set away automatically when I leave (or my phone does anyway :)) IFTTT integration would solve this problem, but alas non is provided. I deeply regret purchasing this -- the system is way overpriced for what you get, and what you get is disappointing at any price.
 Make me pay more money to get it fast and I get it late without getting my extra money back
 Easy set up is misleading, unable get the box to stay open even when following over simplified set up instructions. The rest of the kit looks to be fairly straightforward, but trying to get the box to stay open with these instructions is time wasted. This was likely why there was only one review when I purchased, so I guess this is what is to be expected.
 This camera has 2 red eyes for night vision which are really scary, I don't want my child to wake up in the middle of the night and see scary glowing red eyes.
 Not my favorite product bought on amazon. Everything came as promised, however my cellphone takes better pictures than this camera. The tripod is also really small so it’s pretty unusable. The only think I’m currently using is the memory card. So unfortunate that I’ve spend over $250, hate the product, and there’s no option to return.
 It was advertised to be night vision able. It does not come with IR lights, but cheap LEDs that looks like it was taken off a baby's toy. I will be sending mine back immediately, do not buy false advertising.
 Either the power cords or the internal wiring on these lights is faulty. Both of them will flicker unless the cord is positioned in an exact angle. I have to tape them up to keep them in the correct position where it doesn't flicker. Using the remote is more of a hassle than it's worth, I have to click it over and over again in order to get the commands to register on the light units. Frustrating thought it was going to be nice.
 Bought this camera to take to Europe vacation. Only takes like 10 pictures and the batteries go dead. After trying with numerous new batteries, gave up. Luckily grandsons were able to take pictures with their phones.
 I had high hopes for this product, and the accessories make it seem like a really good deal. I was very wrong , This product never even let me record anything and said there was no memory card when there 100% was a memory card . I got a replacement and that one didn't work either! I am livid , how can a product be so faulty in a key area. Don't waste your money or time on this product, because it is cheap and doesn't know when it has a memory card in it. Terrible
 Very poor reception.
 What I liked least is that it doesn’t come with batteries or a tf card so in other words is useless until you make one more trip to the store in order to make it operational. If the ad said you needed both I didn’t see it. Why not include both because it is worthless with out batteries or tf card.
 I would give this no stars if I could. I recovered this in the mail thinking I could use it to take videos and it would be better quality than my phone. I was very wrong the quality once I uploaded the video on top my computer was worse than if I had taken the video on my phone. Was very disappointed especially for it being $100 and the quality was terrible
 I Tried to use the charging station for my Ring spotlight and it will not charge station was dead on arrival. Will return
 It says it was delivered, but I did not receive the item.
 Returned it because the image was too hazy.
 No the end wont fit into rf cable.
 The lock in bracket broke after using it 2 times.
 Originally was impressed. Light works well & the shades are a nice touch. But the power button appeared to be stuck inside after 2-3 days. Turns out the button on the inside that makes contact with the outside button doesn’t hold up. It’s tiny. Not sure why they didn’t reinforce one of the most important parts of the unit.
 There were items were missing, and I could not get anyone to speak with about the missing things. I was supposed to have seven clamps. Instead, I was given three clamps and four metal paper clips. I was given an inventory list and not actual instructions. I am very dissatisfied with the service of the company.
 I got fake one. It was lucky to find out. If I didnt read reviews before I purchase I might be fooled. Be aware. Also the box looks very cheap and fake made in China. No authentication sealing, not in the outer box or inner case. I'm very disappointed. I'm returning it back and reorder one more time hoping they send me genuine B+W this time.
 This battery sucks it has a very low battery life. Fully charged it only last for 20 minutes tops! I would not recommend purchasing this battery. Spend the extra money and get the one that actually is for Nikon!
 Not a good product. A lot of wires to support a simple function. Not good photo quality, adjustable arm not high enough to take the entire picture of an object. Technical support is non-existence. You will have to call China. In general, I think this is an over priced defective product from China.
 This product promised to deliver a quality picture, it failed to deliver a picture at all. I hooked up the camera and phone app as per the instructions and it came on, displayed the picture for a moment, then stopped working. I would not buy this product again.
 I'm returning this camera because the diffuser is out and I'm not able to see the screen clearly. I've decided against a replacement as I have found more issues with this camera. I really didn't expect a lot from such a low-priced camera but, I would expect it to be of better build quality. I suspect that the camera is Interpolated 4K and not true 4K. I have a 4K laptop and I couldn't get the video to display in true 4K. Save yourself some headaches and put another 30 bucks with this price and get a better camera.
 Trash...the worst security camera....not easy to set up. Not responding...not recognized any password...placed on trash...never worked...furthermore, not functional
 Purchased this...no film included!!!!! Two boxes of film were to be included with this item. Gave it to my son for his birthday, thinking film was included in accessory pack...nope! No film.
 I was shipped a bundle and the extra batteries were incompatible, the optical filters were incompatible, and the travel charger only worked with the incompatible extra batteries. Not impressed!
 Not stable at all. Hard to figure out. And one of the lens is missing. Although product came earlier than expected, I would rather receive all of my product.
 It worked great for about two months. Then it got a water spot inside so everything in the middle of the view was obscured/blurry. I was hoping it would eventually go away, but after a month it's still there. Then just last night the door bell just started randomly going off. Too bad because it was perfect for what I needed if it just held up to the weather. UPDATE: The following day it just stopped working. I disconnected it and noticed that one of the screws inside was starting to rust a little. I guess it was getting water in there. I would not recommend putting one of these outside unless it had some cover to protect from the rain. UPDATE2: I contacted support and they responded immediately saying they got me covered and just fill out a replacement form. After doing so and multiple more attempts to contact support I haven't heard anything back. Dropping to 1 star due to poor support.
 Do not get, seen other reviews online after I had bought it. Motion detection does not work and many other people are having the same problem
 If I could give it zero I would... Worked briefly then would not hook back up to phone or wireless. If the box hadn’t been thrown away I would have returned it. Tried the reset button and it worked briefly then quit. Tried to reset it again and the reset button fell off inside the camera.
 The screen protector for the back screen fits fine, but the front lens screen and cover do not fit. They are both too large.
 Shipment is still delayed.
 Camera quit working after 4 weeks
 I have purchased many dash cams, but this one is, by far, the worst. The manual is totally useless and is appears to be written using an Chinese to English translator program. So, I have tried for an incredibly long time to configure this myself. I still could not figure out how to access the menu and format the memory card. And, the mic icon was disabled and I have no idea how to change that. I pushed ever combination of buttons possible, to no avail. Other dash cams I purchased had poor instructions, but I could still figure out how to get the thing working. Not this one. Maybe it's just defective, I'm not sure. But, it is going back.
 Did not work at all , followed instructions , installed the app , only a black screen , tried 8 other apps none of them worked. Galaxy S9.
 I was of the belief that these were the larger metal ones that we use in the stores. In all fairness i may not have been wearing my glasses.
 Product works fine, but the post is misleading as it makes it appear the electrical wall charger and power packs are included. Insufficient information telling consumer what other pieces must be purchased to use in specific ways.
 I tried multiple sim card and could not get it to work
 I wanted a 4k camcorder and was quite excited when this camcorder arrived. Very soon, I turned it on and I found that it had the same video quality as the digital camera I own a decade ago. Very disappointed. Its video quality is absolutely not 4k or even not HD. The camcorder itself feels very cheap. Do not waste your time and money to buy it and return it later.
 Does not work. Screen doesn't light up. It will turn the power light on but it won't display anything or discharge. I got it to go off once with the the test button but never again. Used brand new copper tops in it.
 It is not Arlo a compatible Battery!!! It is a hair line too small to connect camera. It does not reach the connectors. It will show no battery in it.
 I was told this 4-year extended warranty started AFTER manufactures warranty- it's for THREE YEARS, NOT 4
 Description says it is wireless but it’s not
 Regardless of what the ad says, this unit will not work with any browser on a Mac. This is according to their support team as of 12/18
 The case is what I expected, however the color was not. I received more of a solid brown case rather than the variegated brown shown. Disappointed because I could have paid much less for the solid brown from an alternate seller. Will be returning.
 This is not a Korg item (see photo) and does not fit the Korg SP 170
 One battery after few usage got bulge.
 The product is garbage. Does not wok most of the time. The 45degree mounting unit doesn’t fit the doorbell. What a total waste of money and time.
 The one time I went out of town, canary went offline and didn’t work. Don’t waste your money.
 My batch was full of duds. All my pictures came out blank. Want a refund but I already threw away the box. Why can I do? I want a replacement!!
 The quality of the pictures is good but connecting Aura frames to Dropbox has been extremely difficult. It is very disappointing that it is so difficult to connect basic storage spaces such as Dropbox to Aura frames, especially given the premium price of the product. After spending multiple hours and downloading more than one app (as suggested by Aura frames webpage) to connect a certain Dropbox folder to Aura, Aura frames starting showing all (rather than selected) photos on Dropbox. I would definitely think twice before spending so much money on a product like this.
 Super cheap material. Poorly designed layout. No research was done when designing this for a photographer.
 Drone arrived with a broken air frame and was glued back together. Very poor quality control very disappointing Zero star rating
 I purchased this product and it came with a broken screen. I missed the return date and then reached out to the company and after a week of emails they said that the return window was missed basically. I emailed back about the “warranty” and have yet to hear back. I have a paperweight that doesn’t work and isn’t being honored under warranty. Do not purchase from this company!
 Seems like a solid little mic, but didn't record in stereo =(
 So cheaply made that the outer lens became dislodged and dropped out and broke on the floor after a month of use! pictures I took usually blurry and was heavier than my Rokinon. Overall you get what you pay for. So save your money and get a Rokinon.
 Not even close to fitting
 You will not be able to plug in your Arlo Pro 2. The black round screw adjuster is large and snugs right up to the back of the camera, blocking the micro USB port.
 My first review on Amazon ever, and this item is dead on arrival. The pictures say it all...
 1st it was late, 2nd it was the wrong color not because I chose the wrong color. So I had to scramble at the last minute. Never again from this seller. Ohhhhh and of course I have to wait for my REFUND!!!!
 The app would not work on several different phones, so the camera is worthless. Apparently it won't work with a generic app, either. Total waste of money and forget about contacting the company. Beware when you order, because Amazon wouldn't even entertain an exchange. Deserves no stars.
 This is NOT a comfortable pad as it looks like it would be. I was blown away by how scratchy and stiff it is. Returned.
 They only fit 1 of my 3 510 threaded batteries.
 Worked for 3 months. Now it won't record and doesn't respond to any buttons.
 Ordered product more than two months ago...never came.
 did not do what was expected of it.
 Buyer beware. Complete piece of junk. Never worked.
 I give 5 stars for the material. I give 5 stars for the stability. However, I had specifically asked if this fits an IPhone 6s+ and was disappointed to learn it does not. I spent a lot of money on this and it collects dust.
 Can't rate the product as it didn't arrive like it said it was supposed to. My daughter was going to use it at a barrel race today but she didn't get it because of a mess up in the shipping.
 I have not been connected for 1 month , waste of money
 I do not recommend this telescope not even for beginners. It is very hard to adjust the focus and once adjusted, the optics are not good enough not even to see the moon, which should be easy to spot. I regret buying this telescope.
 Junk, they do not fit and a waste of money
 One of my camera wires is broken and can not a get bold of anyone on phone I get a replacement cable
 Product is not well made and falls apart. Memory card does not go in well to unit not well made
 This camera stopped working after a few months of use. I tried to contact the seller and keep getting the run around about returning it for a new one on the warranty. Beware of this seller.
 Item took too long to arrive and did not work well. Won't buy again.
 Products seems to be made properly. However it is much smaller than expected. Think of the picture and cut down by 1/3. Camera 80D does not fit in bag properly. Also dont even think about getting a big grip that most pro’s use. Definitely doesn’t fit properly in case. Top area is okay. Lense compacity once again is limited because size is so small. Really only can fit 2 50mm lenses and one med mm one in center pocket connected to camera
 I just bought this and it stopped working already. It only works when I’m home when connected to WIFI. Other than that, it’s useless. It’s unfortunate because since the return time window closed that’s basically money down the drain.
 Returned!! Didn't record video, only sound..
 Bad Design. You CANT clip on to your desk as shown in the photo! The wing nut in front blocks the arm from being able to swing around as shown in the picture. The only way to achieve this is to front mount to your desk which is ridiculous. AGAIN - You can't attach to the back of your desk and have it face toward you. It only face away from mount. The arms are short - Bad range of motion. - Stiff to move. - Can't fully extend. Very unhappy with this. I think you'd be better off getting the goose neck ones. That' what I'm going to try now.
 This laser arrived so far out of collimation that despite a couple of hours of effort I was unable to collimate it using the adjustment screws. Let the reviews be a warning as to how poor of a product this is.
 This is a real cute little camera. Would be awesome if it worked wirelessly. It doesn’t. Spent hours trying. Found out you must be able to install an ID for it, and you must be able to test your router for 2.4 ghz. And reset it if necessary. Network errors, network offline, If you can leave it hardwired to an Ethernet cable it will work. Customer service for seller is terrible. Customer service from Amazon, is wonderful. Amazon promptly issued a return. They are 👍.
 Absolute crap!! This does not do 1080 video...more like 480. The video keeps freezing even after I reset it. I will be returning immediately. Amazon needs to seriously investigate a lot of these sellers coming out of china. They are bribing people to make fake reviews and as a result amazon is becoming a hub for junk. Just like alibaba.
 this will teach me to test a product as soon as i receive it instead of waiting until i need to use it. the connector plug doesn't even remotely resemble the photo. what a waste of money! canon 5D III
 Works for a while and then fails. Be careful, I imagine this could harm your camera if it fails like it has been for me. I have gone through two of them now.
 Bulb blew on the first one they sent a new one and it blew again on the first shoot :( not a great flash for the d600 from nikon. but worked well on my D5200
 The hole on one side was not drilled straight so the bolt would not go thru. The bar was very heavy as well and sagged slightly at full length. Disappointed. I also didn't read description very well because I thought I was getting two poles instead of one. $24 is not worth one pole.
 Terrible quality, NV is a joke and is nearly impossible to strategically hide without having a wifi feature. Purchase a different camera!
 Camera is not working correctly, camera does not shut off, and does view the pictures clear..very disappointed I will not recommended..
 These lights have been installed for 3 week. In the first week one of the 25 bulbs went out on every strand that I purchased a total of six... as of today they have already completely shut down. I have looked at the breaker box I've looked at the reset plug everything else plugged in their works but these lights do not light up anymore. Today I observed water puddling inside, I do not believe this is an outdoor product.
 Both cracked asap...they were not sticky at all and both cracked as soon as I put my case on...what a waste of money!
 I wouldn't recommend this purchase to anyone. 9 out of 17 items were missing. Also they substituted stuff with much lower quality products than in the pictures.
 Low battery life, doesn't go out very far very dark good for 2 feet wide 3 feet out hard to get started too
 Not impressed, it was inexpensive but that's where it ends. Installation was a nightmare. I took it out and threw it away.
 After two months of use the picture quality took a dive and the center of the picture is a lot lighter and blurry. Cannot do anything about a return because of the return date policy.
 This camera will not work, they try to sell you an installation package that costs more than the camera. I tried to install their program on my desktop and they tried to sell me driver updates even though the computer is new. Total SCAM, DO NOT BUY THIS!!
 I just got the stuff out of the box and the light stand is already broken!
 Buy direct from supplier not amazon Inside the package it offers a free system for purchasing one. Amazon will not honor this offer.
 Don't working, returned to seller.
 I hardly used this product and after sometime went to check on using it and it wont switch on. I would not recommend this buy. I am dissatisfied with it and please do not waste your money.
 Loved the product, but it’s not at all durable. The cord broken within a month of purchase. I certainly expected better from GoPro.
 Extremely hard to get to plug in to Back of camera. Won’t without trimming the plastic
 This is a horrible screen protector. It started lifting two days after I purchased this for my partner and I. He was so frustrated that he threw everything away. I want my money back.
 It might be cool if I could put it together. Came in pieces and no instructions. I tried to Google it but no luck. Maybe duct tape will work...
 Absolutely horrible! Will not connect and have repeatedly tried to reset it and it will not reset!
 So many things wrong with this thing. 1- does not work with Samsung Galaxy S7 or higher. No mention of this in the description. 2- description says metal base. Base is chromed plastic, nothing is metal. 3- zoom and snap button on the body do absolutely nothing. 4- instructions and downloads are almost impossible to figure out or virtually nonexistent. 5- it's only a 2MP camera with the image being digitally enlarged which means the resolution is bad no matter how you look at it. I honestly don't know who would give this a good review as I can get better zoomed in photos and video with the camera built into my cell phone. It's not even worth the effort to return the product. I should have know better based on the price.
 Replaced a old camera that lost its color but still had night vision. This camera has good day vision but a honeycomb night vision. Can’t make out any images at night. I’m returning for a refund & trying a different camera.
 Package arrived and lens box was missing the Warranty card, Instructions, Rear lens cap and Soft lens case. Based on lens box condition and missing items this is a used lens. And yes, I ordered a new lens - Beware!
 The only pictures it seems to record is me walking away after setting it up. Video has never worked.
 I'm lucky I got this order because the Amazon delivery person just left it in our apartment mail room. Good thing I went to check my email late because it p would have been stolen. I think Amazon's new delivery service is very poor.
 I’m not sure what exactly was delivered here, it may be the sensor or if may have been an RMA that got delivered by mistake. The sensor adhesive has melted and adhered the magnet to the sensor and the sender is bulging out for some reason.I hope the seller is out there and makes this right.
 The product was not accurate or true to advertised size. I was under the impression that I would receive a 6ft tall by 8ft wide backdrop. However, it is no more than about 5ft tall and 6ft wide. False advertising and not worth the extra money if you’re looking for a large size backdrop.
 This item was completely different from what I ordered originally. Also the rail on the bottom , which isnt even in the product photos was broken and it didn't even come with a 3 hot shoe clip. I think they just sent me the wrong item all together. I just dont trust then enough to reorder. I'll go with a different brand.
 This thing doesn't hold a charge for more than a day. I can't keep it plugged in or remembering to charge it everyday and when I go to use it it's dead. Useless.
 The button on the case to record broke after a week. Poorly and cheaply made.
 Not weather resistant, shielded or as pictured! When I received this cable, it was not thick like it’s shown. It’s very thin, smaller than the line I received with my camera system. In addition, the picture quality is not very good and finally went out in less than 8 months. It’s not weather resistant as moisture easily gets in between the connections. Last but not least, I ran the cable 90 degrees and over 12 inches away from power switch. The EMI had a direct effect on the already horrible picture quality. Found a better, thicker, and more shielded cable for less money on Amazon! DO NOT BUY!
 We really wanted to like this doorbell camera, but it doesn’t work. There is a significant delay in receiving the alert after the button is pressed. It used to record movement and we could access the playback when needed, but the company took away that feature and now want us to pay a monthly subscription to have it back. The connection is spotty at best and support is not usually available to help. They always suggest unplugging the camera and resetting it. We have had to do that several times since purchasing it. The beam unit took a lot of the bandwidth away from our high speed internet, so we stopped using it. Overall it is a really frustrating device to deal with.
 I mean it'd be one thing to send the incorrect product, it's another to send a fake packaged as the correct product.
 Didn’t receive this item
 I’m thinking it’s safe to say the ones I received were pretty badly out of balance. Started the flight, and immediately noticed a severe instability, and began to land. The balance became bad upon landing, causing the drone to flip upside down. Thankfully - outside of the props, no damage to the drone itself! Switched back to the original props, and it flys just fine again!
 Does nor work with an iPhone. Definitely not worth the time or money.
 I read the reviews. I guess its a hit or miss with the power packs. They did not work for me.
 The contents of the box arrived open. Appears all the contents were there inside shipping container. No package insert, no printed invoice, and cleaning solution was unsealed. Was this a return that was reshipped?
 Only lasted two months before alarm system says low battery. Only lost power for around one hour, otherwise duster has had a/c power the whole time. This battery must have been old when received.
 Filter was great for most part but scratched very easily. Cleaned the filter with provided microfiber but left a swirl mark all over the filter. Doesn't effect the image quality but still distracting to look at for me. Update February 2019 Used the lens 3rd time within 1 year period. During cleaning of the filter the actual glass came off the thread and looks like the coating is coming off on part of the glass. See pics.
 Product arrived broken.
 DISAPPOINTED! Brand new and the frame doesn’t work. I have a newborn baby and was so excited to display our baby pictures. After several attempts and a 20 minute call to customer service the frame still doesn’t work. I was hoping for something ready to use and this is not it!!! So upset by the loss of time (that I do t have) trying to get the frame to work, disappointed to say the least.
 Paid for next day shipping due to arrive on Feb 15 now 3 days later package never arrived. And AMAZON offers NO help !
 No I do not like this product, the photos come out blurred.I will not be useing this product, it was a total waste of my money.
 The webcam cover is easy to install and a simple concept but the slide cover falls off easily.
 doesn’t fit my camera as explained.
 when i tried to replace the cable , i couldn't plug in the middle end of the cable into the gimbal only to realize that the bristles were squeezed in. Well, this could very well be my mistake, but i'd like beleive it wasn't because i often replace and repair electronic stuff myself. So,there is this grey area, hence i didnt ask for a refund. But i thought i should put it down for others to check this up right away when they get the product delivered.
 I had a hard time getting to connect to my phone. It only lasts about 4 hours before needing recharged and if you do get it to work it becomes very hot.
 Not a good tripod. Guess you,get what you pay for with this one. Dont recommend.
 Mount falls from outlet since it is ONLY supported BY THE PLUG TO THE WYZE CAMERA. Nice idea but TERRIBLE IMPLEMENTATION.
 Can’t get it to be anything but fuzzy. Would have returned it, ut was traveling and missed the window.
 Installed the Sony np batteries an they fall right out!! Doesn't stay in..
 Got open box so returned
 Disappointed with the add on mirror attachments Software not so good
 Definitely not for a G7X Mark it Do not believe other reviews. It won't fit!
 Our original Arlo system came with rechargeable batteries. When we ordered this one we assumed it also would have the same kind of batteries! No! And we cannot have rechargeable batteries shipped to Alaska. There are two cameras, one of which has used only half of the battery while the other one was dead two months ago and therefore unusable as we cannot get batteries for it! Very unhappy!!!!!
 Useless iv spent 3 hours trying to get it fixed and focused and it just isnt happening i wouldnt recommend buying this for any sort of rifle scope
 Falsely advertised. Product returned. Not for use when diving or swimming. Very heavy plastic and rubber.
 **UPDATE** I wrote my initial review about 2hrs ago...... I just charged up all batteries..Put all my gear in its appropriate slots...Closed the case and the ZIPPER BROKE on the outside! I am So Pissed off! Plus The last return date is tomorrow which means I'm stuck with it! Do. Not. Buy. This. Case! *********************** Decent lil case I guess...The inside foam is very good. The Zipper on the inside of the case already broke on the first Zip with Nothing in it. The case is NOT that hard and I'm certain its only Splash proof at best. Its not a big case which is good...It can fit in a book bag. But if your adding ANY accessories to the inside pocket I say..DON'T unless you want those items mashing up against your drone!
 I read the reviews and figured I had a 50/50 chance this would last. This battery only lasted one week before the low battery light came back one, One Week! Piece of garbage.
 I placed an order on August 19, 2 day shiping and today is September 2 and I did not recieved the order yet, not a call or email, and can't comunicate with amazone. can I have my money back?
 The drone looks amazing, but my battery lasted seconds
 Did not receive item and cannot find a way to contact them to resend.
 The holder was outwardly fine but as soon as i opened the plastic surrounding the handle the phone holster shattered into 5 pieces. The plastic is definitely cheaply made to the point where it should not be shipped at all.
 NEW UPDATE: Now the battery charger stopped working. Absolute waste of money! UPDATE: Not only are the tripods flimsy, but they don't even stand up straight! Dropped my review rating to 3 stars - the lights themselves work well, though. Ordered these before and liked them, so ordered again. The legs on the tripods are very disappointing - flimsy/loose; not at all like the previous order. I'll keep and use them, but won't order them again; I'll look for a competitor if I need more.
 Three of the four units purchased, two from this seller and two from another seller on Amazon, would power up but then be totally unresponsive to either button. Had to remove the battery to shut them down. The ONE of the FOUR that works is great; the software is well designed and has all of the features that I wanted. But the manufacturer clearly has a manufacturing or circuitry design problem. Even the one that works behaves inconsistently. On powerup, sometimes it will begin automatically to record video and sometimes I have to press a button to tell it to begin recording. I would like a setting that would allow me to select that behavior, with the camera obeying the setting reliably, of course. Overall, this product is garbage due to the 75% DOA quality, notwithstanding the good software design (well designed menus).
 I have tried and tried to get this to work. Nope. I called Amazon twice for assistance and Amazon was helpful but this thing still does not work. Maybe I got the one in a million.
 Won't connect to wifi
 Never received. It’s been almost two months since I purchased. Beware of this seller.
 It was a christmas present for my daughter. She was able to use it for 1 month and now it is not working. You can power it up, but it won't go in to the menu! $30 for something she go about 3 weeks worth of use out of. I would like another one that works.
 I did not receive it. Went to wrong address on a different coast.
 The camera is already broken and my daughter used it twice. The button on top stopped working so it no longer takes pictures. I’d love a replacement because I can tell the product was pre-used. There was already another families pictures on it and I don’t mean professional demo pictures. The pictures were kid quality and blurred.
 I bought 2 of these to use with my Arlo Pro cameras. Unfortunately, the camera audio is completely drowned out by the loud clicking from these panels as they try to charge the camera. As they get more direct sunlight, the clicking gets louder and louder. Tried with both panels to see if one was defective, but both do the same thing. Save yourself the aggravation and go with the Arlo solar panels. I installed them and have had no issues.
 I bought this for my son for a week at boy scout camp. there is no memory card slot he took a lot of pictures but this camera deletes them and all he had was 2 pictures and was really upset Please do not waste your money
 You guys send me the wrong thing. I didn’t even get what I ordered. I received teeth whitening stuff. Like what the heck is wrong with you people. I want my money back
 Cannot get to connect to wi-Fi... disappointed!!
 The plate I received did not fit my a7. I believe I was sent the incorrect one.
 The straps are too narrow to fit the very wide strap mounts. The strap mounts looked crooked and misaligned. Very disappointed in this camera and the fact I'll have to carry my camera in my hands at all times during this trip.
 I love the fact that it comes with a lens cap I just wished the lens would stay on the piece that slides. My wide angle fell apart completely and not from heavy use. Definitely a good product idea just cheap materials
 I took my camera on a 2 week trip to Thailand, I only carry it on my pocket or bag, and the lens got scratched really bad, it worked well uder water, I do not recomment it, had I know how fragile this camera is I would have bought one of its cheaper competitors
 I purchased this item because it had a high rating, wrong! This device works ok, will only work with one receiving device!! when asking for help you receive no help!
 The picture quality is far below what a 14mp camera should take. Night photos are very poor as you’d imagine if daytime photos are not good. Once the rains came the cameras started to mess up. They would keep taking photos non stop. When in set up mode the shutter would keep triggering and it appears that the quality is low.
 Interface is vary poor and confusing, app doesn't load video if you don't have a WiFi connection, play back is okay. Will not buy again may return it defiantly will buy a different brand!!!
 The battery life isn't that much, you can feel the difference when you first use it.
 This backdrop was very orange toned not at all like in the picture shown. Very thin material
 Motion detection didn't work 90% of the time. The camera is on the bottom tip of the light bulb so you need a bendable light fixture to put the light bulb so that the camera can see the whole body height. Otherwise you have to mount on the ceiling light which requires no bottom cover so the camera can point down. Live view is very good though. Definitely need to improve motion recording. I am returning this.
 Monitor didn't work and I had to return it back
 [UPDATE March 6, 2019] I have to admit this is not what I had hoped for. The wifi repeaters that was sent to extend the signal of the cameras means that every camera has to be COMPLETELY uninstalled and taken down from the walls and roofs that they are mounted to, which means cutting the conduit tubing that is protecting the wires since they are outdoors. THEN bringing each camera inside to the nvr and programming each one once connected to the nvr. Then after all that HOPEFULLY it all WORKS! (<--probably won't) Then at that point we can go back and completely install each camera like we had originally mounted them. So that means all new screws, new tubing, more time and definitely MORE MONEY wasted!!! Had I known this I promise I never would have bought these. Another problem is that even with a couple of the units that are close enough to have a FULL signal record in odd increments! The playback of the video shows there's motion but then completely SKIPS and JUMPS through all that motion so you can never even see what actually triggered that motion to begin with. I have it setting to record all cameras 24/7 plus I have motion to record in the 'continue setting' but like I say they jump allover the place. HORRIBLE. I can only assume the people that state they love this system and that are "Verified Purchases" must have some tiny houses cause they don't have these issues. And must have extensive networking experience cause I still can't even get these to port-forward through my router correctly to view them from our mobile devices when we are not at home. ---------------------------------------- I purchased the 8 camera 1080p wireless system with 2TB drive already installed and at first had a few problems with these cameras maintaining connection. By contacting customer service we discovered the house and distance between the cameras and the NVR was simply too large and far between. Grace with their great customer service team advised that even a longer antenna would not suffice so instead she acquired approval to have them send a wifi repeater or extender system that will essentially make up for the distances. I hope once that is all set up, installed, and programmed that it should all be working great then.
 really can not get the images I wanted, and instructions are not very clear on assembly.
 I ordered two of these cameras for my home. One of them came with a AC adapter without holes in the prongs, so it wouldn't charge. The other camera worked for the most part, but the motion sensor would not function. The instructions are written in poorly translated English, and the app they want you to download is as well (some of the buttons were even written in Chinese). The WiFi connection between my phone and the camera kept resetting, so I had to keep deleting the camera feed and re-adding it. I returned both cameras, there were too many problems to make it worth the price.
 The camera itself is amazing! What really changed my review was the customer service. I felt as if they were unprofessional when I received a micro SD card with the adapter rather than a regular 64gb SD card. I wasn’t expecting it and so I mentioned it to them. When I communicated with customer service it felt extremely unprofessional, so for that, I had to give this product two stars. I would recommend getting your camera elsewhere! :-)
 It's easy to set up and the 360 degree view is awesome. But getting proper notifications never happens. I installed mine on my porch light. It'll notify you when the wind blows, but remain deathly quiet when stands right underneath the thing. Finally, I bought mine in March. It died in February. Like died; I can hear something rattling inside when I shake it. What a waste of money.
 The instructions were almost unintelligible. I am going to look for a YOUTUBE video or further instructions to see how it works. So, I don't know if it works.
 would not stick on the LED screen
 I was very excited when I first got this little cam in the mail. However, I was very disappointed with the way the app and min cam fuction together . it's always having problems connecting to the app. I wanted to use it as a dash cam but very time I place it in my car the network crashes and u cant connect to the device and must reset it to factory settings.. app needs alot of work to run smoother while streaming life video and keep network setting stored .. keeps giving me connections failed message and wrong password when I just set it up.. I think I will be returning this product ..
 The video records in 480p quality at best. The battery doesn't last an hour. Charging instructions are bad. And there is no way to remove/fix the time stamp.
 I thought i was ordering a new product, the box had a returned label on it,, opened it anyway to look at product , the clear bag with small object you could tell was not brand new, had some concerns with stitching on item, it this had been listed as a used item i may not have purchased it, certain I would not have paid full price of used item.
 Battery life limits it’s use therefore not getting much for your money
 No longer compatible with blue Iris. The newer K3 model is only cloud based.
 I find this device difficult to set it up. I want to give it out.
 I got it for my Canon 5D and the cable says canon cable but I was not able to connect with my camera, going back
 So I purchased this because it's advertised as a 'baby monitor'. We bought this because the range on our handheld monitor just wasn't far enough to reach the backyard and the battery life was short so we had to bring the plug everywhere. We figured we'd get a camera we could monitor from our phones. This has AMAZING picture quality and I can clearly zoom in and see the baby breathing. However, you can't just leave the sound on all the time so you'd know if baby was crying at night and hear them. You have to physically open the app, make sure the sound is on and then you'd know if they're crying. That's a HUGE flaw for me... I'd prefer it continually run in the background so you can hear sound (don't need the picture all the time, just the sound)... I suppose you could possibly leave your phone on all night long and leave it on for sound but I'm sure that's not good for your phone...
 I have been unable to set it up. I do not have home internet. Was hoping to use a Wi-Fi hotspot, but have been unable to install the app. Very frustrating.
 Poor picture quality on the backdrop. Does not look like picture shown in add. Very thin.
 DO NOT HOOK UP With THE 5G NETWORK ON YOUR ROUTER! Does it say nowhere in the instructions or by the ESL guy on their help line. And the instructions, bringing you back and forth from the Zmodo app to your phone setup are crazy. So, two days later, I’m hooked up. Will let you know how it all works later.
 It leaked while snorkeling-at about 6-18 inches. Returned it.
 didnt last very long, crashed in the grass with a canopy protecting the camera on a tiny whoop, and got that magic blue smoke. now camera is dead
 Instruction manual was written by someone who couldn't speak English. The charging cord was too short to reach an outlet, thus can't charge while sitting on the dresser/night stand. No light to signal the camera is charging or when charged. The app has a 1 star rating at the iPhone App Store. I couldn't get it to connect to WIFI and I have an army of wireless devices and never had a problem. Moral of the story: Don't believe all the things you read.
 Received a camera with a missing part. Called Amazon they are resending the item. Can review later
 I bought this a while ago and I wouldn’t again. It’s light and portable almost flimsy. The base pad that holds my phone in popped off within a few weeks so the phone won’t stay in place. My husband had to put a screw in place so my phone wouldn’t pop out but now that’s broken off. My son uses it for scooter vlogs but he has a pop socket on his iPhone and his phone stay put.
 The Lume Cubes are nice, definitely not worth $70+ each, $50 would be more reasonable. They cast this ugly white light on everything unless you buy an expensive Diffuser Set. My main problem was the mounting bar which i got with this kit seems to be a cheap knock off. I could not get one of the cubes on it because one screw mount is not all the way threaded. Once i screw the cube down all the way onto it, the cube is facing off to the left (no good). If i loosen it, then the cube just spins around and is useless, this screw mount isn't threaded enough to put the choke collar on to hold it still. The other mounting prong is situated too close to the camera mounting screw so that you can't adjust the cubes position at all. In the instructional videos i watched on how to mount the cubes to the arm, the arm i got with this kit didn't even look like this! Now my GoPro mounting buckle is stuck to this cheap mounting arm and i can't get it off! One more thing is these Lume Cubes are made out of metal and are very hefty making my tripod collapse down, again (no good).
 I couldn’t get it to connect for more than a few mins. I’ve tried everything from firmware updates to connecting my phone or remote to the drone via the onboard button. Watched countless YouTube videos to troubleshoot and I am a techie. I wasted about 3 days of my life with this. I wouldn’t recommend buying from here. I returned mine. Will consider buying a spark in the future.
 Too flimsy no quality
 These were poorly threaded. I had them tight and while flying one popped off. Won't buy again
 Did not fit my camera, even though it said that it did. Disappointing and frustrating. Returned.
 Good price point but drone doesn't fit in box....... Wth. Other stuff is fine.
 Was ok, but didn't like the fact that every power down you have to re-calibrate the header position to avoid grinding gears, that's pretty time consuming. Also, I find that the roller rail isn't very steady, so when using auto pan function it jitter left and right making the shot unusable, if no pan, just side way it is fine, but still little jitter. Overall I'm not too happy with this, so when it works, it works. It's more of a design flaw. The built quality is very good, and slider part is very smooth, but the bad thing was the roller wheel. Also I don't like the fact that you have a remote hanging around, it would be much cleaner if the control was built on the side of the slider. Wish I could just get my money back because I don't use it anyway because of the flaws.
 These don't stay securely in place. I've gone through all three since purchasing.
 Tape switch is already failing. Its seems to be an issue with these lights. I wish i had known ahead of time
 The camera arrived dirty-looking and malfunctioning. The advance lever was loose, the film counter did not work, and the glass over the film counter was cracked.
 Very fun to take pictures with but the photo quality is horrible and the flash doesn’t always go off.
 Maybe just got unlucky but watch had a visible scratch on one side and blemishes on all the other 3 sides. Looked like it worked ok as i was able to pair/unpair fairly easily. I see a few reviews saying their watch looked immaculate so here’s hoping the replacement looks better (fingers crossed)
 Worked great until the socket melted. :/
 Hooked it up to a brand new TVI camera- did not work. Product advertising is misleading.
 This expensive book was poorly packaged. One end was open. It was only pure luck that it didn't get damaged in transit.
 You get what you pay for. That being said, I would not recommend using this professionally, but it's good for personal use.
 Doesn't charge my Ring doorbell 2.
 Item is not working right. Cannot adjust and it will not add any more devices. I want to return this item for refund.
 Very flimsy and cheap. The Bluetooth remote is awful. It will not stay on and is constantly connecting and then disconnecting right away. Seems like the battery back is too loose, causing the battery to not be pushed up to the metal inside so it never works. The tripod itself is very flimsy and doesn't even hope my phone because it doesn't extend open very wide. Would only work with older smaller phones since most phones these days are bigger than this. It also says it comes with a new metal ball joint but that is a lie, mine was cheap plastic and breaks off if you try to move or adjust it.
 Most of these filters are useless . I wasted money on getting this package . I am not impressed at all . The filters are so dark I have to use a editing tool to be able to see even a slight bit of originality . I bought them for a Canon T6 and the Fish eye and Wide angle are so heavy it cannot be held , it has to be on a tripod . I don't recommend this package .
 Didn't realize the holes were smaller and would not fit the standard GoPro screws. My fault, but wish the description was clearer. Probably mostly my error, but waste of money for my purchase.
 I didn't open this until recently, when I needed it, only to discover that there are several holes in the fabric. Unfortunately the time period in which I could make a standard Amazon return had passed. I wrote a note to the vendor and got no response. If you buy this, make sure you unpack and inspect it immediately so that Amazon will handle any problems =rather than the vendor.
 Every battery came pre-charged. The charger seems to work fine. That is the good news. However at least 4 out of the 10 batteries can't recharge! I am not particularly optimistic about the rest. ONE set has. At least that is something.
 The camera is great, but the mount kit is unusable. No mtg screw fits the camera frame, too small. The only mount that clips into the frame is the strap clip. The only way to use the handlebar mount is put camera in the waterproof case, so no sound or external microphone or stick on mounts. Worthless mounts and camera.
 The field of vision is nearly impossible to rid of black edges. Very frustrating to use because no matter how one adjusts them, part of the field is still obscured by something. This annoying feature negates all of the plusses mentioned in the product literature.
 Very pronounced rolling shutter effect, I've tried shooting off my helmet while riding a bicycle and the result is really bad every time I hit a bump on the pavement. Picture quality, while 4K, not that much better than my old Sony action cam. I have also experienced spontaneous recording shut-offs mentioned by other reviewers. All in the first day of use. I have expected better, so back it goes.
 Battery doesn't last very long.
 The lens had really blurring corner resolution when used on iPhone X. The clip is a pain to put on and get off. Feels like a $5 product. Not worthy of the Zeiss name.
 Never buy a Go Pro if u think u will need Technical support , their’s Sucks BIG TIME !
 after a trouble time hooking it up, then it worked great.Played with it for a bit to see how well it worked. After about 2 hours, now it says Device off line. I have good wifi.. To be continued. I will see tomorrow
 Constantly fails to connect to network. Have to reset device and reinstall app each time to use. Range is only about 5 feet. I gave it an extra star because the camera quality is pretty good when it works, but that is not often.
 I purchased this product because of the side shoes being able to rotate which is clearly stated in the accompanying video in the discreption line of the product. But after a stripped screw head and a pulled muscle in my back from straining so hard I came in and read every single word on the page, I found in the question section that said they didn't rotate. I would have purchased a different one if I would have known this!
 Worked for one day now no matter what i do i get the incompatible charget warning, very expensive and now i need to run an extension cord if i want to keep the camera charged.
 Don't waste your money on this very cheap sun shade. Fell part after a month and I had to tape it back together. Spend a little extra and get one of the better quality sun shades. I actually like the design of it, but the material doesn't hold together.
 I had this overhyped product for two months, used it about 12 times and then it stopped charging right after the return window closed. I will look for other options. It's great if you only need it for a very short time.
 Got the wrong charger. 2 stars because the wrong item works.
 Easy to set up but night vision is terrible
 Product is good to see what is going on live. It is horrible at recording movement and only records for 20-30 seconds at a time. Customer service is nonexistent. Don’t purchase!!!
 Expected better quality from this camera. Wide shots are fuzzy must be a produce issue. Would not purchase again
 Worked great for about a month then it wouldn’t charge anymore
 The fasteners on the shoulder strap are rusted and crumbling. They stained the side of the bag during packaging and would definitely stain clothing if this bag was used.
 Product works well as a charger but for the camera you need to have it close to the router. Will not connect to the router from our nursery one room away.
 Not sure that it fits a t5i the shutter shows up in the photos.
 Great camera - but stopped working after 2 months
 This was a gift, it is nice and she does like it but the threads to attach the bigger lens are not there. This prevents the large lens from tightening. I contacted the company and explained to them which part is was, I thought they were going to replace it but keep sending me emails that have nothing to do with what I need. Videos that don't even show this part. I am disappointed in this company. The other problem I had is the tri-pod wouldn't tighten but we figured that out, you have to hold it upside down.
 It worked great till first rain I drove through ... now have water in camera. And looks like crap.
 This clamp is strong, as the description and other reviewers have said, but the guards on the clip slip off easily which defeats the purpose of using the clip in the first place. Tried using it without the clip guards and it was too slippery to stay in place. Had to return. May work for some purposes if you have it positioned in a "face down" position, where the clamp guards would be held in place by gravity.
 It does not take good pictures and so card only last a day before its full
 Just as I switched to 360 mode everything went fuzzy. Posters on the wall could not be read as well as large text on items on my desk. I would have expected at least picture quality images but that was no the case. I did a bit of research and found quite a few links to this camera's fuzzy images, not something I saw when I was reviewing before purchase.
 I bought this tripod for a cell phone rig I was building. I liked its compactness and lightweight, as well as the ability to position it on a table without taking up too much room. Those are the pros. I have owned this thing for some months and it sits in my equipment locker mostly except on the 3 or 5 occasions that I have used it (which is to say, I am careful with my gear). Lately, every time I touch it something comes off of it and I am unable to put it back. Not sure if I lost a piece in the process but now its basically worthless because the tension knob on the side cannot be locked down. Neewer usually makes reasonable quality items, was surprised that this one did not turn out. Unsure of what the warranty is on this, but it definitely under a year!
 These vivitar batteries are garbage. They will drain all of a sudden and go dead without notice even when they are fully charged. This happens especially when recording video. Suddenly the camera shuts off and the battery is dead out of nowhere.
 This charger doesnt seem to charge either of my Nikon batteries completely. Luckily, I have a compatible car cord for this charger, because all this is really good for is to maintain a charge on the go.
 This portables studio box is cheap, cheaply made, and does not erect as it should. I am not one to write a negative review out of spite - but this product is awful and you will be wasting your money. I think you would be better served with a unit made of cloth rather than plastic. When you try to fold this box into place the edges don't align and you end up with big gaps, letting other light in which defeats the purpose. The cables to power the LED strips are ridiculously short and there are two of them. this means you have to get a USB cable extension unless you want this on your laptop to power it. Good idea, terrible construction.
 I've had the most difficult time with this setup. First off one of the boxes was just completely broken and didnt work so after a week of talking to support I got a new part which worked for a day before it broke again. Not worth the hassle just buy something that cost more that will actually last.
 Too much complication in setting up. It is hard to set up. If you are moving to one place to other place it is hard to set up network connection. Not able to connect to a wifi TV
 It's really to small for what I need it for. The stand isn't tall enough and the light isn't big enough , also the stand falls down It want good for my live shows. I went to Lowe's and bought a different light and stand.
 Camera works great, better than expected, easy to setup, only problem I have is when I opened the box and removed the charger the piece that hides the camera was missing. So much for hidden spy cam when you can clearly see the camera.
 Pro 1. Excellent still image quality 2. Good video quality 3. Many accessories available Con 1. System freezes 10% of overall operation time - unable to capture a lot of important moments due to this 2. Battery life is unpredictable - sometimes lasts more than 2 hours, sometimes less than 1. Battery gage is extremely unreliable. 3. Touch screen feels dull
 Compared to other microscopes in the same price range, this one falls short. Lenses are low quality and look foggy. I owned a Radio Shack brand that was great, bright and clear, but it's now unavailable. I can't recommend another brand.
 There was a defect or some debris on the first set of covers which I had to throw away and start again. I know this because it was on it even before I peeled off the protective film. The second one kept peeling around the edge until I areally mashed down on it for like 5 min straight and there is still a slight portion not stuck but doesn’t effect the visible portion of screen.
 For being a cannon I was very disappointed. The auto focus continuously goes in and out making the video blurry, and the whole picture went purple when I recorded someone wearing a purple shirt. You have to open the shutter manually. all the equipment that came with it was pretty cheap as well. I still gave it two stars becasue if your a beginner this would be ok.
 User manual is very poorly written with terrible English translation. The print is so small you need a magnifying glass to read it. The instructions make no sense.
 I was under the impression that it was Panoramic and I can view all angles round the bulb! I am completely disappointed that it only points straight up into the roof, or straight down into the floor!
 I own Neewer products. They are cost effective in most cases, not this particular one. It fits nicely on my Manfrotto Monopod; however, it is not nearly strong enough to support my Nikon D500. The quick mount does not fit securely, and is unstable even when locked down tight. The materials seem sturdy enough. The friction adjustments are simply not for a DSLR.
 It was easy to setup and install and worked fine for a little while. Within a day the basement sensor went offline. When they go offline even for a second, they need to be completely reset and setup again. Both sensors we bought have done this every day since we bought them. They are a good idea, especially for the price, but they just don't work well.
 Screws on lens . A little too floppy for me.
 There are much better cameras
 I have several cameras and this one has a good pic but continues to have connectivity issues. Email support but no luck. I will not buy another one.
 Battery life is a Joke! I can only use it for 10 minutes ! Also it didn’t come with the 32gb sd card like it says it does! But other than that i think it would of been a good product if the battery life was better .
 I got this second hand. And although it gave me love for telephoto lenses. The image quality could clearly explain why it was traded in in the first place. Not happy with the image quality at all
 This camera is useless. DO NOT BUY IT- I can't connect to the camera remotely. So if I am away from home the app doesn't work. I contacted Panasonic for help. The rep was rude and told me it's your internet provider responsibility to help you. He gave me a script to tell my provider on how to forward the ports to the device. That didn't work and my internet provider need an IP and MAC address. I had to call Panasonic again to help me find it. Unfortunately I got the same RUDE guy. He told me this all they need is to forward ports. Luckily, I had called him with AT&T on the line and he said we needed the IP and MAC addresses. The Panasonic rep had no knowledge of how to find it. Simply told me it should be in the app settings. The app settings was not were he said. He had no knowledge of the app. I had to figure it out while he search for a "how to document " on his end. He keep explaining to me he doesn't know what I see in the app. WHAT!? All I could think is wait aren't you IT support??! Very frustrating. After playing with the options I found it and AT&T got the information they need. However, it still didn't work. There's something wrong with the app. I refuse to call Panasonic back to help to get the RUDE rep again. If anyone has experienced this same issue. Please let me know what you did to connect to the camera from the app way from home. If not I am out $100!!! :-(
 These suck, the through holes for the gopro screw are too small. I am going to have to drill them bigger.
 I had good hopes for this considering the positive reviews and other reviews online. It is not very stable and very cheap feeling. It is extremely shaky. Returning
 Really like this light a lot, small and light weight, but recently the LEDs flicker dim up and down when I turn it on and turn the dial. It does not go to full bright anymore either, lights are only about medium capacity now. I haven't had this too long either, only used it a couple of times.
 Very blurry camera/video.
 The charging cable does not fit tightly into the back of the charger. Any movement and it stops changing.
 Have more than one and can't get any of them to work....instructions are either faulty or the device is....very frustrated.
 The setup was relatively easy but there are a limited number of authentication types for automated email alerts. I like that the hard drive setup was easy. I don't like that the quality of the photos is really grainy. Regardless of the time of day. Also the motion detection will sometimes get triggered but not actually capture what caused the motion alert. This is due to the camera being too slow to capture.
 Colored backgrounds came extremely crinkled, obviously that's not food for photos...
 Nothing against this case. I give it four stars. It works great and feels very solid. But my order was advertised as being prime only to find out that I was charged $10 for shipping anyways and it took over a week to get here. Total opposite of Prime. Can i see some kind of partial refund here? Say the $10 for shipping that you didnt say i'd be paying for because it was advertised as being PRIME.
 Cannot be used during USB tethering. Cannot be used during any other Wireless connection (bluetooth/Wifi). For my purposes, this is a send-back. Canon can't do more than one connection at the same time.
 Ordered a black tripod and got a grey one. Not worth the hassle of returning but slightly annoying. Quality is fair, not as heavy duty as the description makes it seem compared to professional gear.
 The actual target detect sensor is in the smart socket and not in the camera unit. If the light box which the smart socket is installed is covered by something, glass or plastics materials, the sensor behavior is weaken and can not detect the targets. Please use your light box which is not fully covered. To work expectedly, the light box needs to be opened one of the face. Expecially, bottom side open is the best. The sensor under the camera of the camera unit is not the sensor for the target detection. It may be the light sensor for the daytime or nightime.
 pretty low quality, save your monies!
 Works but camera is pretty blurry. Would not recommend.
 Not very well made. The voltage controller will not sustain 24/7 used the camera will burn out after a few days of use. Don't use more than 5 or 6 volts and even then its life expectancy will be short.
 Got replacement cameras for two failed cameras. Buy the warranty. I had 3 cameras out of five Needing an update. Two camera keep failing. Have two other Arlo systems working okay. Lack of services Is an Issue
 The concept is really cool but both arm attachments snapped at the connectors, I bought it as a present for my partner along with some lights because he likes to take pictures and videos with his phone but while he was assembling it they both snapped very easily and now we can't attach the lights. Also, I have an Android and for some reason I have to press the iOS button to take photos.
 I'm super bummed, because I got Ivory when I ordered Bone. Ivory has super yellow undertones and I hate it. I couldn't return because I had a shoot that day and needed something...anything. Now I'm stuck with it. :( Booo
 We purchased these locks for less frequently used doors, we have more expensive locks on other doors. We were a little taken back by the ridiculous length of the pin on this, plus there is no key for when the batter dies.
 The fabric is unavoidably wrinkly; there are deep creases that never go away (despite the manufacturer's reassurance that they will smooth out on their own after the backdrop is left hanging for a while). That's the price one pays, I suppose, for fold-down portability. With one of the multicolor variants of this product, it's probably not as much of a problem; with solid colors, though (like the black/white variant that I bought), it's a deal-breaker. I'm going to end up buying a much larger, rolled backdrop instead, since portability is not a top priority for me.
 The app does not work well and it prints dark
 Very difficult to set up very little support does not work the way it should very frustrating
 Setup starts easy then becomes more difficult when adding to a network. I will update this when it is actually running on a network. For now I had to shut off phone notifications as it sends one every few seconds. The instructions are not easy to understand.
 Not sure what happened. I initially purchased one for my bathroom to pair with my SmartThings and, after working great, I purchased another for my other bathroom. After a few weeks, both suddenly stopped working. I've tried taking the battery our of the sensors and removing them from SmartThings as well. Nothing. SmartThings no longer detects them. Maybe it's just my system, but these are useless for me now.
 Can be used for surf or high pressure but for easy things is nice
 Came with bad crease marks, tried everything to get it to flatten, didn't work.
 Not impressed with the quality.
 Foam all smashed...will not protect camera. The other items seem nice. Will return due to smashed foam.
 The flash on this thing DOES NOT work. Very frustrating. This was a gift. I don't like giving broken gifts. Please get back to me on this
 The film is a fine quality, but doesn't compare to original polaroid film quality. It's also overpriced for the amount of exposures you get.
 Only dislike because the light did not work, and had to send back. The slides went in and ejected great, however. I was greatly disappointed, since this was the 2nd slide viewer I had to send back for the same reason.
 Contrary to the claim that this bag has "Numerous accessory pockets for batteries, memory cards, filters and more" - it does not. Only one flat slot was all I could find - and maybe you could put something very flat in it, and that's it. Quite disappointing.
 First off I returned this the day after I got it Secondly the audio quality is horrible The video quality is second rate at best my phone records better and I'm a youtuber I had to return this item because it was not suitable for my use
 The 2 I ordered broke quickly. Inexpensive, yes, lasting, no.
 The feet don’t fit Properly and there is no way to contact the seller to get a replacement.
 Product came in frayed at the top and on the sides. I guess at a low price that's expected.
 Not as wide-angle as advertised. Does not react quickly. I picked up a lot of photos of animal tails. I'm suspicious that half of the reviews were written by the same person.
 This was the 5th Yi camera I bought. The first 4 worked well. This cams picture is absolutely horrible and has been getting worse quickly over time. This will be the last came I buy from Yi.
 The first set of batteries went bad after only a few use/recharge cycles. The seller replaced the entire product (batteries + charger), but the second set of batteries didn't seem to hold their charge vey well. Quite disappointing.
 Do Not buy this! I've been looking the best price for this film and thinking it was 40 sheets because of the picture I hurry and bought it. When it came in the mail it was only 20 sheets not worth the $15 I paid for. Very miss leading picture.
 Very difficult to set up!
 Stoped working after 8 months of use. Wont turn on anymore.
 Goes off line all the time not reliable. Waze cameras I bought the same day work way better.
 I think there may have been some kind of defect in this particular item, as the results were inconsistent when tested. I would buy it again, and probably will, but keep saving for a Nikon Brand for the next time.
 I REALLY wanted this product to work for me. Having just moved into a newly remodeled home, the last thing my wife and I wanted to do was poke holes in the walls for our art collection. I followed the instructions on the package exactly, including weighing my frames (they were all well under the max weight advertised) and put up around 15 in various rooms around the house. So far I've had 4 frames fall off the wall all by themselves. The first one happened in the middle of the night, what a scary wake up moment that was. All four were damaged and needed to be replaced, including a frame and print that I've had for over ten years which was torn when the frame broke upon hitting the wood flooring. Another fell behind the desk it was hung over and damaged both the frame and the desk. For what it's worth, my home is climate controlled and in most cases these frames fell off the walls when no-one was home. We have no children and no pets, don't smoke or throw wild parties. The drywall and paint these are hanging from were clean and new when I hung everything up. I'm pretty confident that I didn't do anything wrong while installing. Instead I think the strips simply dried up and let go. I gave two stars in this review only because 11 out of the 15 frames are still hanging. Still I wouldn't recommend using this product for anything of value.
 I love that this is basically a digital camera with a printer attached and you can pick and choose what to print. But the bad: the LCD screen is pretty low quality, the printer is unreliable and sometimes requires several attempts to get a print, and the photo colors look too unrealistic. I returned this for a competitor's camera which has none of these issues.
 This camera was a total waste of 50 bucks. First off, I peeled the plastic off the front at which it pulled the front cover and broke the plastic cover piece (NICE). I was able to get the camera working on the phone but it only works when you are connected at home. You might as well hang it up if you want to use this camera while you are away to monitor. The site that contains the download for the pc software is offline and cant be reached... Stay away from this camera if you are looking for something to watch your house, pets, baby, whatever while away. It doesnt work... Total RIP OFF!
 The set I ordered came with two mounts. They don't swivel side to side so you need to know the orientation of the camera with the base of the mount before you mount it. Mine are mounted upside down to the bottom of my eaves so it isn't easy to line everything up when I'm working overhead. Second, the 'ball' on the second mount is very loose and doesn't grab even when it's tightened all the way. This makes the mount useless. The screws that were provided are cheap and wore out after the first time they were mounted. Overall I'm not happy with this purchase. I wouldn't recommend them or purchase them again.
 I am loving the Mevo so far- but the microphone stand does not work for the Mevo! Very frustrating and the contact seller button is broken so I cannot follow up.
 We've installed several of these at work using POE and they will not stay connected reliably. We contacted the manufacturer and they suggested using the power supply. The power supply fixes the issue but we purchased these for the POE capability.
 This camera does nothing. The directions made zero sense. It was like a bunch of words thrown together that came out to be nothing. No matter what I tried, I could not get this thing to do anything. It has ONE button to do EVERYTHING. I'll be sending mine back for a full refund. Avoid this "camera" at all cost.
 Not sure why they bothered to advertise it as a bracelet when its not in use. The tiny little magnet inside it will not hold AT ALL. Worthless as a bracelet which is a bummer because I looked forward to that feature. It's a great strap other than that though.
 worked only sometimes. had to return. good price, but not reliable
 Nice lense but auto focus doesn't work.
 Had a significant amout misfires, distance is pretty short when it did work, the old version is much better.
 First time using one of the cables the inner pin came out.
 Light is not bright enough. Problems with buttons
 According to Amcrest website this is a discontinued item. Although everything i have Amcrest works. this box found all my camera's and connected right away.
 Not very clear and angle nt real wid
 Worked for about a three weeks. After third week it went of line twice third time I tried to reset it will not come on. Tried different outlets unit will not come on at all. Tried contacting manufacturer never got back to me. Luckily Amazon customer service was able to help me return the item before the thirty days so I could get my money back. Thank you Amazon, not happy with manufacturer. Amazon customer service also tried reaching them no answer. I will be purchasing a different unit from a different manufacturer.
 The top of the tripod bracket was broken when arrived, I sent it back
 After a few times it just completely wont turn on. We have contacted seller and Sony but no response.
 The kit with the supplies was as expected. My review is about the camera. I wish i could return but i lost the packaging during Christmas. The camera is very difficult to use. Steep learning curve to transfer via wifi. Very difficult to take videos. It took me hours of reading and watching youtube videos to learn basics, and still find it confusing After using my smartphone for years, i thought a simple point and shoot would be nice, but too hard to use. For a camera expert, might not be so bad. When taking video and using the zoom, it records the sound of the lense going in and out. And the toggle button for the zoom sticks so it's basically useless. I'm afraid the camera will gather dust. Save your money and upgrade your smartphone.
 The darn thing never even worked nit even to see what it would have been like if it ever did
 The lens arrived without the lens foot attached. It was my understanding that the lens foot came with the lens. Is this something that can be shipped to us?
 Wish I would have sprung for the GoPro. It's what you expect for the price cheap China knock off
 I don’t really know why it’s asking me about sound quality but when I threw them out the thud was ever so pleasing. Too small to secure my Precious. Went with Black Rapid Pro brand instead.
 Works, but poorly designed. Flaws: 1) the 1/4-20 screw is too long for a camera socket. This means an additional washer is needed on the underside. However, because the screw head is quite tall, an added washer causes the screw head to project below the plane of the bottom of the dovetail bar. This, in turn, will cause the entire adapter to rock when placed against a flat surface; and 2) it lacks a flat top surface to mate with the underside of a camera. Instead, the camera bottom is in contact with the thin edges of the top of the dovetail bar. This will stress the camera too much for my tastes. For a specialty item, this should have been designed with more care. I will probably send mine back and continue to use my ABS 3D printed version until it wears out.
 I’m sure it would have been awesome, and it seemed like it was good quality, but it does not fit a Hero 7 Black in a super suit. Lenses were too small, and if I tried any harder to install them, I am almost positive I would have broken them. Bummer.
 Not able to view from the lens and unable to find something on Youtube to help
 Its a $50 go pro. If you are expecting standard 2018 quality then you might be disappointed. Its more like 2014. Go get a used gopro
 ir works ok night vision doesnt do anything
 Not able to do any changes in the controls on the DSLR, Had suffered a lot operating the camera with this bag, had to remove the camera out of the bag to take pictures in my last trip. But the bag is waterproof for sure, but not useful for photography.
 Didnt come with battery or power cord.
 I got this item and w/in a month it stopped working.
 The picture is fine during day. At night it's dark, fuzzy and can't see much. You can't hear anything but traffic/cars, echoes coming through the sound. It's so aggravating
 Very slow and very laggy. There is about a 10 second delay from what’s happening live and what is shown on the phone. Also the gestures to make the camera pan and tilt are very laggy and take too long to move. The app is not updated to current iPhone X. The picture is nice but the camera provides little in the form of security. I would not recommend buying this if you are looking for a home security camera that you can check in on from work.
 Looks nice. I like the connection system. BUT it is so uncomfortable. Also the grips that are on the belt to keep it from sliding on back of neck or off your shoulder are on the wrong side of the belt. Bottom line I wasted money as it is very very uncomfortable.
 Not sure if this item is necessary...I don't see any changes. I like the fact you can charge it.
 There trying to force the cloud storage
 I bought two of these for gifts. They were shipped separately. One came packaged as a box within a box surrounded by styrofoam- this one arrived perfect. The second arrived as a box within a simple padded envelope- the glass was broken to pieces - very disappointing. These were gifts and I did not have time to return. It’s a shame because the product itself seems to be a good quality
 it was difficult to understand ths install directions
 I guess I didn’t realize when I purchased this; their is no camera. It’s just a motion light that can then activate a camera. When I saw it advertised I assumed it was to compete with the Ring Light which has a camera and audio. I could put a $20 motion light next to my existing Arlo and get the same results.
 I wouldn’t trust the clip or the Velcro closure with my $650 camera. Also the tiny size of the LUMIX palm sized camera it just rattled around in the case. I was really expecting more for $20.
 Okay well I was pretty excited to get this product. But after opening it I am very disappointed that it does NOT come with a battery. Should maybe put that in the discription of the product don’t you think?
 We tried on two different phones and followed instructions. We got the beeps but no light ever flashed. Finally will just return it.
 Camera works but battery life sucks, about 1/2 hour at best. If you're handy, run an electrical line so you can plug it in.
 It looks nice but the Logo that keeps showing in every single picture The wall is not think enough to hide the logo or the logo is too dark for the wall
 Not what i expected for the price, The Mic isn't that good and the picture quality could be better, Basically its a Cheap 40$ camera with a mic attachment. The night vision however I do like, It's pretty cool. What I have to say about this item is, Decent if you want i'd say Mid quality low sound quality for something to record with if it were cheaper i'd say great for starters. To give it a Quality rating some or most people would understand, It's not Youtube worthy in my opinion, which is what i was looking for.
 I wasn't expecting much, but this camera is a serious disappointment. Very low quality photos, cheap design, slow reaction time. Some of my coworkers have other brands and models that work much better at a similar price point. I would've returned it if I wasn't in a backcountry alaskan lodge.
 Doesn’t require running wires, but does require CONSTANT maintenance. Batteries require frequent replacement or recharging and if they are mounted in a place which requires a ladder to access, this a nuisance, or more importantly, what if you are on vacation? Cameras constantly go offline requiring unplugging the base and restarting...what if you are away from home on vacation or a business trip? Cameras constantly drop offline, but can then be reconnected by opening the battery compartment and rotating batteries. Again, if camera requires a ladder to access, is problematic, or if you are gone, requires hiring someone to maintain system. Overall, sounds good, but not a practical way to go. Thumbs down. I have 8 cameras, 5 of which can only be accessed by ladder. I spend more time on a ladder than I care to admit. I have also had several cameras fail after their warranty. Much to Netgear’s credit, they replaced the cameras.
 Bought new. After 2 months it began with issues. The image is not any better than lesser models.
 First off, the res is nowhere near 4K. Sound is absolute trash (outside of waterproof case) Sure this is cheaper than a GoPro but even cheap point and shoots have a higher quality than this thing.
 I thought I truly did all the research and decided this would be great with all the positive comments. I don't believe them to be true as to even take a simple picture is a chore and very disappointed in my purchase 😥 I need a much simpler camera that I CAN use !!! I would like to exchange it !!! No phone number's to call
 I caused my go pro not to film while on my bike, I know it was the re-fuel because i took the Go-Pro out of the refuel and mounted it back on the bike in just the the go-pro mount and had no more issues with it.
 My order came in a beautiful nylon bag.But to my surprise this thing was so cheap the zipper came out the same day!The product itself isn't bad but how am I supposed stuff arround without a goob carrying bag!!!I don't recommend it bc of that.Fix it or send me a better bag and I will revise my feedback.
 Purchased this case to carry tripod, lighting and camera equipment. It fit all the equipment , which was great. But the more it was used, the worst shape it was in. The front "legs" broke, so not it won't stand on its own. The striping used for carrying the bag ripped of the sides of the bag. Needed to replace within 9 months.
 This backdrop is thin and not so good quality. It’s ok for a simple party, but not for a big event.
 I had to return this item, could never get it to connect with the phone app. The design it great and would have been perfect for my office had the camera actually worked.
 I have ordered more of these chargers than I can count. They all die out within 1-2 months.
 I want to give this a 5 star review but simply can't because it's HUGELY flawed. The big flaw here is how your GoPro (etc) mounts. It mounts just fine but you can't properly fit the thumb screw in place. The more you tighten it, the hard it is to tighten because it hits the frame of the light. I can't believe they were able to even sell this the way it is, it's that bad. That said, without enough work (and a screw driver) you can tighten it down but make sure the housing for your GoPro will stay with this light permanently because having to unscrew and re-screw it would be a huge pain. Dedicate a GoPro case/holder/frame/housing (whatever it's called) just to this and it becomes better. The other issue is that the battery doesn't last long. A few hours probably but that's not long. The charger blinks orange and green while charging so you'd think it would turn green when done, right? Nope, blinks orange and green forever regardless. So you just have to charge it for hours or overnight and assume it's fully charged, and hope it is. The light itself is amazing. If they'd fix these MAJOR flaws this is easily a 4 star light and works greast with my GoPro Hero 7 Black.
 Took it with me and Worked great and was happy with the results however after the first shoot and haveing them stored in my camera bag on a hot day as i was walking around the 3 stop filter warped due to the heat from the days weather and now distorts images.
 Batteries work ok but the charger is garbage. Only charges two batteries at once. Save your money and get something else
 Easy to use, screw thread a little short for the Argus camera, big issue, first warm day and mount lost vacuum and my camera fell 7 feet, surprisingly it didn’t break!
 The batteries work initially but I've had several permanently die. I'm using them in Arlo cameras, and after a few months half of the batteries won't hold a charge. With several of them, I can put them on the Tenergy charger and they blink red and don't charge. Others will turn solid red and eventually turn green but when I try to use them they don't actually function. Considering that I have my cameras on schedule when I'm working and they rarely actually trigger, it would probably be cheaper just to buy non-rechargeable batteries if these die permanently after just a few months. For the price I would have expected much better.
 I like that this alarm attaches onto a keychain. It is the size of an egg just thinner and it is inconspicuous, and easy to use. I do not like how this alarm is activated by a pin being removed because the pin comes out accidentally causing the alarm to sound during inopportune times.
 Be aware, these are plastic filters, not glass. Which means they WILL SCRATCH a lot easier (one of mine is already scratched on the outer edge just from cleaning off whatever dust or debris was on them when I took them out of the package). They're clear enough for an emergency set, but I wouldn't buy these for frequent use. IQ is ok. A little soft, no MAJOR color cast (but I also custom white balance my shots) But what is to be expected for this price? If you're looking for something to test the ND waters, or if you need something as a back up, these are an ok choice. If you are looking for something for more than very occasional use, don't waste the money, get something that has glass filters.
 Doesn't come with a card. So, the camera doesn't work. Should clearly state it doesn't come with the card.
 the camera it self is constructed very well, the set up is not, user friendly. Will stick to Arlo security system
 too large, cannot carry anywhere. ended up just sitting in my garage.
 .. So I got 4pcs of this product by April 2019, due to my work I could not unpack it and install, I eventually unpacked them today and found out that one out of the four was not connecting to wireless even after several trials, Pls is there something I am not getting right here? Someone should assist. Aside the above, it's a good camera....
 Barely maintains battery life, does not charge. Had for almost a month and battery finally died.
 Bought this about a year ago. And it now gives me errors I get about 15 images in and it just stops working... But when it did work it was pretty awesome. If i Knew that When I bought it I wouldn't of bought it.. Also my friend has the same lens . She has gotten the error before but hers does work still
 Faded not as red as pictured (red with white snowflake backdrop). Spend more money for a better backdrop
 Doorbell installed and worked for 2 days. On day 2 it just bricked, still has power to it but does not respond at all, no lights nothing. Waiting on a new one now easy exchange with Amazon, hopefully the new one works a little while longer than 2 days. When it worked, this was very nice.
 The grasp of the cap is a bit short, I have to press very hard to make it fit but it continue popping off.
 i am working with window 7 any ideas?
 The case does not fit flat against the screen. The touch screen does not always work properly. I returned it and bought a better case.
 Do not be fooled by the product title and description. This is NOT a weatherproof case. This case was made for indoor use and should not be used outside - unless you're willing to risk water, dirt and dust damaging your camera. If this case was any sort of weatherproof it would have sealed edges where the two pieces come together or at the very least a simple gasket. The camera lens opening does not have a protective cover nor does the cord hole on the back. Just another crap plastic item, Based on the price, I should have expected this..
 I'm a software engineer and trust me, this camera has way too many software bugs! If you are ok with video uploading errors, false positive motion detection and false negatives, go ahead. Maybe my standard is too high, but the software is really bad even the phone app looks pretty.
 It is the wrong size for my camera and I missed the window to return. I have not taken it out of the box. Can I still return?
 Lights are not bright enough. Doesn't light subject correct.even dial up highest setting.
 Controls and parts are weakly build. For the price you are paying this item is worth it for a short period of time.
 It seems to record and be allowed to monitor the recording area on the phone once the setup is completed. The problem I have is every time I unplugged the power cable or the power is lost, I have to go through the setup again from re-entering the camera ID, password, alarm, recording, wifi, etc. This is too much problem in the long term. I don't think a replacement or customer service and correct this shortcomings, so... Return!
 It appears to be a great camera, the quality isn't bad, but the issue is the WIFI connection, which so far it has been unable to connect to my phone. Without the ability to connect it's pretty useless because you cannot change any of the settings for recording. As a result, it only records with significant moment and only in short 5-10 seconds of clip length. If I could get the phone to connect I would give this a 5/5 for sure. I am using an iPhone 7 plus, with the app they provide and the instruction they provide, no luck. If I hear back from them I will re-edit my review if fixed. Otherwise I may return and get another brand.
 The item has been one of my favorite. However, there is a missing item, no key tether feature. The product was packaged in plastic bag, which I am not sure if it is the correct package. I did a few research online and many buyers do get in signature paper packaging. Returning the product.
 We took this on our vacation and I ended up using my iPhone instead. Pictures were not as good as i wanted or expected. Some pictures were blurry and I was not at all satisfied with this camera.
 huge and way too heavy!
 List seems to be a very good system I'm having trouble configuring the bullet cameras I have to match up with the unit and one through eight channels are fine past eight I get no signal at all can somebody help me with this is there something I have to turn on
 Not very good. Hard to see out of.
 I ended up buying laser collimation eyepiece. I did not understand how to use this and the directions were not very clear.
 One of the camera is not working...I rebooted and still no function...to the camera...
 I’m not sure if I got these to take correctly as the indicator for when to take a picture is not easy to understand.
 They're good for a budget way to get wheels on your light stands. I have 22mm diameter light stands and the issue is, since they take up so much space inside of these wheels, the tightening knob doesn't screw in far enough to clear the wheels. So the knob bumps against the wheels. You can really tighten it to get it clear the wheels, but it puts a lot of pressure on the light stand and slot where the light stand sits in. Considering it's made of hard plastic, that much pressure might not be good down the road as I can see it breaking. I asked for shorter tightening knobs but they essentially said no.
 Horrible customer service. They do not do what they say they will do. Consider alt brands.
 Missing software cd, no off/on switch or instruction on how to power down . Wrong power supply camera.
 Disappointed for $119. It didn't include any film.
 Tripods are cheaply made. Buy sandbags! And if going on location, be prepared to fight the wind or hire an extra hand to hold it up.
 Delayed video if it's working. Always times out and you have to reset and reinstall.
 I wanted to buy these glasses to flex on some people. When I put them on I found out for an average male head they are too small to fit on my head. My girlfriend had no issue and they worked great but it just was too small for me and so I returned them.
 I love Gary Fong products for my Sony NEX 6, but this one was a little disappointing. I even tried it on my friend's Sony A6500 camera, and it does not give me the flashlight thing that I want. It always seemed a little dark, and if you use a larger lens there will be a shadow. Not worth it, sorry.
 I had to remove white knob because it hits the plug connector. This would be only good if you have to use on battery only
 I use this for my beauty tutorials and the lighting isn’t strong and the cord is very loose I have to almost hold it in the right spot for it to stay lit- very disappointed as I just received it
 The stands seems great, the phone holder I am not thrilled with. It broke within about 2 seconds so I had to rig it up so that it would hold a phone since I don't have time for a replacement. The pieces flew apart and the spring that holds the phone tight went flying the first time I tried to put it on my phone. I would not buy again or recommend buying.
 Bad reviews. Returned.
 The camera itself is small and has a nice look. It was fairly easy to get them set up and configured. Once they are on and recording however it is extremely difficult to figure out how to use some of the features such as motion detection and talk. There are no instruction manuals and I have had these for about a week and have not been able to find instructions online either. The app that pops up to operate the camera has no clear option to use these functions. I am going to do a little more research today ( 5 days after purchase) and if can’t find any solution will more than likely return them for different brand.
 Ordered two of these so far and had to return them because they were bad copies. Be warned that it may take a few tries before you get a good lens because of poor quality control.
 I have a photography background and bought this one in a hurry for a quick cheap photo booth event. It is what it is. An inexpensive background that you can almost see through when it is hanging. If you need a quick cheap solution it will work for you. If you have light behind the background it will shine through so be prepared to double hang a curtain behind it.
 Small rings, threads don't catch. Falsely advertised as 'step up ring' - it's really a bunch of rings that don't catch well on eachother.
 All of the accessories I own for my hero 7 are from gopro. But, this thing is actually kinda dumb. I dont mind spending money if it's something that's well designed and that I would use a lot. However, this thing didnt cut it. I like how it bends so you wouldnt get your arm in the selfie shot and I understand it's probably made of plastic so that you can get it wet without rusting. However, I definitely recommend buying something less expensive that does a comparable job.
 I've only had this light for a couple weeks. It worked well for the first week, then it began being quirky. It glitches out when changing the color temperature. The craftsmanship seems to be lacking attention to detail, for example the housing where the dimmer and color changing knobs is starting to separate from the light, I can see a circuit board on the inside. I wish I would have gotten a different one. It's still working as of right now but with only about 2 weeks of use it's already starting to fail.
 The image is very clear and the WiFi connects very easily, but the app (Max-see) is unreliable in taking photos or videos. It appears that the object has to move either by moving it under the lens or via moving the focus knob before the app will take a photo or video. I can press the camera button or the video button all I want, but if you don't move the object, no photo or video is taken. Quite frustrating. I gave one to a friend of mine who owns an Android phone and I will be interested to see if he has the same problem.. I bought a Jiusion Aluminium Alloy Universal Adjustable Professional Base here on Amazon, and it really improves the usefulness of this microscope. I would recommend purchasing that if you are serious in using this. However, the app designer must do something about the Max-see app . If he can fix it or someone can show me what can be done about the problem in taking photos, I will be glad to improve the rating.
 Trash!!! Cant even run errands and watch the camera, you gotta be near it
 I enjoy the concept of this product but when I took it out for a try I just felt that they made my pictures come out overall darker. They do provide the picture with the color and basic shapes provided, but t the cost of dulling the entire picture. I know that overtime instax pictures do get darker if the photo is not taken in the correct mode, but these filters seemed to add a further challenge. I could continue to test them out with different lighting, but just making tests is costly with an instax camera spending nearly $1 per photo because of film.
 got to vacuum in my car, don't It has no suction at all and gets nothing up
 Overall I think the body of this case is ok and works well with my Canon 80D camera. However, after only one trip for two weeks in Europe and with his first use, the upper grey hook strap totally frayed and broke away from the bag. Poor quality for the strap. Otherwise, I would highly recommend this bag.
 The carry on sized backpack with wheels arrived in a timely manner. The zipper pull on one side appeared to have been damaged at some point before I received it. The zipper still works but the pull looks like some type of machinery punched two small holes causing the outer loop of the pull to be damaged. I'm left with a sharp pull that might snag or cut something if I'm not careful. Also the inside laptop pocket will fit my 15" laptop but the Velcro with the elastic strap is too short to secure the laptop in by itself. I resorted to using one of the provided yellow straps to Velcro to the short attached strap and then to the pocket Velcro. I think this will work. The backpack will probably meet the airline overhead restrictions but you will need to pick your gear wisely due to the limited space. I found that I could better maximize space by packing the camera with the lens off. There is a hard tube running from top to bottom that houses the extension handle. because of this I was reluctant to have my camera resting in the center. It is stowed off center to avoid this. The outside strap and pocket for a tripod works but again it is limited to a smaller sized (thinner) tripod. I will probably use the side pockets to store my thumb drives and small items. The tripod will probably packed in checked luggage. A smaller less expensive tripod will probably work for the side loop.
 These certainly hold the camera in place, but the charging port is covered so I have to remove the camera from the mount in order to charge it. Therefore I will most likely replace with a (grossly expensive) OEM Netgear mount since the Netgear mount does not cover the charging port.
 This plate doesn't quite fit the RRS lever clamp. I can still slide it back and forth even after locking it in the RRS lever clamp. Also it gets loose easily with one screw holding up a heavy f2.8 70-200mm Sony GM lens.
 Falls off too easily.
 Very difficult to fit camera in
 Lens box was shipped in a bubble envelope and it was chipped in one of the corners. I couldn't believe that a camera lens was shipped with such a basic protection. Besides that, the lens was not focus accurate and very very soft from 2.0 to 5.6. I decided that ordered the wrong item to hook to my camera and I am returning it (and I REALLY wanted to at least like it)
 I returned this item due to not being able to use as described.
 Tried this product for over a couple of months and it has not helped with insomnia. Even though it was stated there was a 100 day money back guarantee, Amazon only offers 60. If you have strong insomnia, I suggest buying directly thru the web-site so you can get a full refund.
 I bought the cameras because my car was vandalized, went to the shop for 35 days (yeah the vandal did major damage) the day I got the car home, it was vandalized again prompting me to buy quality cameras. From start to finish, set up is self-explanatory. It is very easy to set up and angle prior to mounting to the wall. I completed install by myself but would have been nice if someone could have held my phone because that is how you know the angle is correct. Day vision on camera is FANTASTIC, however, night vision is very pixilated. I have zones set up to alert me when there is motion in specific areas, nice feature, right? Sadly the alert comes about 15 seconds after the event. These cameras have an exceptional daytime view and would use them for watching the kids in the yard, but for night security, you may want to look into something with better video quality.
 Bought as it said it had a mobile app... after several hours and several phones, it will not display on mobile app, even on same network.
 Did not fit binoculars. Says not returnable:(
 Parts missing needed to return - return was handled quickly without hassle .
 I had 2 of these die in a 2 year period. Not happy.
 This think is okay for its price, but the 360 head started leaking really sticky grease and its annoying. The head is also a little bit too stiff
 The thread is not NPT/ American Thread for 1/2 ." It does not fit my drop ear and have to return.
 I bought this product about a month ago. It did its job. It has different settings (low-high). However, it recently broke when I was trying to charge it. The charging port detached from the inside of the ring and now I'm no longer able to charge it.
 Very pricey for what you get. Poor quality photos
 I have been using this tripod since December of 2017 and it's been great, but yesterday I was adjusting the leg and it completely snapped off! The metal piece inside the grippy exterior broke and my tripod is now missing a leg. I can't use it with two legs. I would have expected this product to last at least a year.
 Doesn’t keep a good WiFi connection therefore doesn’t serve my needs
 I really wouldn't consider it a "travel " telescope, although the best thing about it is the backpack that comes with it. I have a couple different spotting scopes and a nice Celestron 6SE telescope, so bear with me. Don't waste your money on this one, spend more for a better telescope, from Celestron. The rest of their product line is really good, but not this one.
 looks nice, feels very generic. doesn't seem like leather either. difficult to take photos because the case/cover gets in the way and you need to hold it down.
 As mush I tray to make them work I did not , I even had to buy the origin wall outlet that are for netgear arlo pro camera and thos ones work to charge my cameras.. I wish it did work . I did not want to buy the more expensive ones .. at end I had to .. there longer the the original for arlo camera witch are 8 ft or so ..
 This unit does not produce high quality scans. It was easy to use, and if all you want to do is to watch a Super 8 movie on your phone, then it is ok. But that's it. The images are clearly pixelated if you try to watch them on even a 21 inch TV screen. You would literally get better results putting a point and shoot camera on a tripod and then filming the movies as you play them on a screen. Only buy this is your expectations are very modest and you don't want to go to any effort. Frankly, I would still send them out to be professionally scanned.
 Funny that it's the same thing keeping the product or returning it, in case that you order an extra one by accident.
 Clip design isn't too good. Also, the focus ring is threaded so coarse that it's really hard to get a clear sharp image, especially with moving subjects, like birds in flight. Not too impressed.
 It does not work, it's nonsense, it's constantly disconnected.
 Camera is not that wide, one camera died. The app keep crashing. Only recommend for local use if you want something with good app try Wyze cam.
 This item arrived with a half charged battery. Buying a replacement battery doubled the cost of the item. Seems like I was shipped a used /returned item. Would not buy again.
 Picture quality is good. If the purpose of having cameras is motion detection, buy something else. This camera has more false alerts than your phone battery will be able to handle. Absolutely horrible for motion detection. Settings for sensitivity and masking are useless. Both the software and camera have no ability to distinguish a person from a particle of dust.
 Color not as depicted
 Product stopped working after 8 months of use.
 When I received the package I opened them up and was using one of the mics and it worked perfectly fine. Then I recently went to use both and only one of the 2 mics the set came with actually worked forcing me to make the 2 people I was interviewing share a lav mic, which was horribly awkward. Make sure you check both mics!
 All my recordings on this mic had static, fuzziness, or haze in them. The mic also came almost broken on the rubberized mounting piece so it leaned hardcore to the right. I would say buy a better mic for a few more bucks.
 I feel very unsafe. I can see another house. And definitely thats is not my house. I don't know what happen...But this is my first time using a inside camera...but when I see the other house I Run fast and take out from my kids room
 product is great, Item as describe. I'm only giving a 2 star because one of the blue filter was broken. there was a crack maybe they should be more careful on their packaging.
 Camera has a motion detecting mode. However, this mode uses 100% of the battery very quickly. You can't plug the camera in to charge an enable motion detecting. Making the camera poor for recording motion triggered events. I recommend buying something else which has a longer battery life for a "spy" camera unless you don't mind plugging the camera into an outlet (which makes it obvious and not a "spy" camera.
 The tripod is very cheap and wobbly. I'm going to invest in a GOOD tripod this time. You get what you pay for.
 The reflector's handle was mounted way off-center which may or may not affect its balance and ease-of use. It looks nothing like the the symmetrical examples on Amazon. The manufacturer's quality control department must have been napping when this one came off the line. I also have to agree with another reviewer about its weight and difficulty lifting and maneuvering with one hand. I could probably use it as an exercise device to build up my wrist strength. It was very easy to fold back up, though. This is the first Neewer product I've been disappointed with.
 I like seeing what I miss at work. But the camera I have has glitches. There are times it shuts down for hours. Plus I can't manage the video unless I convert it on another video player on my phone. No zoom. And the motion sensor sometimes misses some important action. According to remo plus representatives, my unit is defective.
 Great cameras they work really well. My only complaint is when the inside cameras switch from daytime to night time and get stuck clicking between the setting.
 Super annoying. Poor product! Awful quality! I am not happy with this product at all. Not worth buying. Not good at all.
 Good quality light, but I had to adjust the shutter speed of my camera and the frame rate according to recommendations to stop the flicker/fluttering -- but it still kept going until I just hit the shutter speed that is not by the book. So weird. And then another problem, there is a static sound that my microphone picks up, no matter how far I place this light away from the camera and the microphone, the static sound continues so I can't use this while filming. It could be just my unit or it could be my microphone. But overall it's a good light and I like this design better than the neewer although there is no carrying case like the neewer. It's still a good buy, I will use it for photography, not for for filming.
 Can't get it to stay recognized by my daughter's windows 10 computer. 2019 pc when it wakes the camera is not recognized, so we have to physically unplug the USB. So that's basically garbage now since it was to be used for Google duo calls. It's rough to have to run to pc and then dig behind the pc to unplug a USB. Replug it then answer the call in 3 or 4 rings. So fail. Touch light works and is nice, but the touch is not consistent. Overall with the driver issues I would not buy it again.
 The battery life only lasts 20-25 min while recording at max settings. The video recording stops around 23 minutes and then resumes for a few minutes before the battery dies. This also happens when it is plugged in and recording. The camera, with the battery installed, must remain plugged in for charging or else the battery will be dead in a couple of hours. Purchased the spare battery set with rapid charger but each battery still has similar battery life and must remain plugged in; batteries do not hold a charge.
 This shows up at most zoom points with the 18-55 lens, pretty disappointing.
 When I first got this I almost returned it because it appeared to have a white screen only. It looked as if the contrast was up way too high because I could see and scroll through menus but only if I was looking at the screen from an upward angle. The problem oddly fixed itself after a couple nights in my cold car as I had it prepared for return.
 Poor build quality. Touch screen started to become unresponsive after a few months of use, physical controls would have been much better. Battery lasted 2 years, and with other Samsung batteries is now dangerously swelling. Trying to find a replacement battery is like trying to find the fountain of youth.
 pops off easily, and doesn't respond well, making texting terrible
 This action camera did not take clear video at all. Pictures were good. I needed the video for my drones.
 I have to say that i'm very disappointed. I've read multiple reviews on this set of bino's on Amazon and other forums and youtube videos. I didn't want to spend over $100, but i said I owe it to myself to make the plunge as it's not Vortex, but decent enough to get the job done. the first time out with them i was so impressed with the clarity and the ease of use. The second time out, i noticed the eye cup on the right side was not twisting up and down as smooth as the left. I thought for sure there was some particles in there so i blew them out with air can that i use on my keyboard at home. Nothing was impeding the cup from twisting. I twisted both cups back down and placed the cap on them to store in my scent away bag. The next day i opened bag, put my bino harness on and head out to my spot. When i got settled in, I took the cap off and with the cap, the eye cup fell to the ground!! I noticed that there's like three tiny screws (plunger screws?) missing. How does this happen? i wrote to Celestron literally 5 minutes ago and pending their reply since Amazon said they cannot cover this issue and deferred me to the manufacturer. I should've just spent the extra money and bought a name brand Vortex or Nikon. I'll repost when i hear back from Celestron. Buyer beware!
 Batteries have to charge separately and take over 3 hours each to. Charge
 They worked really well for about a week, but then the white light broke and went out on one. Also, the clip isn't strong enough for a thinner jacket or hoodie. It will slip off when walking. Only clip onto thicker articles of clothing if you don't want to lose them!
 The filter I received was quite dirty out of the box. It was covered in some kind of uneven film or residue that made pictures look smudgy. This was not very easy to clean off either. Disappointing from such a highly regarded brand.
 The lights are only a few inches off the table top. If they could be extended a couple of feet, the system would be pretty good. They almost never work well so low. They create lighting at low angles that create strong shadows. Also they are really too light in weight. It doesn't take much to tip on over or move it out of position. The power cords are stiff and might weigh more than the lamps and stand.
 I have had several issues with this. It says it is offline and I have been unable to connect to an APP to view away from the monitor.. I have had to replace a DC plug-in for a camera and am now looking for a replacement camera. I have yet to be able to record. I believe I may have purchased a dud!
 Best part was that it was packaged well. It said it came with a manual, but one was not included. I had to Google to find information on the use of this item.
 The pattern is not flattering in photos and the poles don’t go together dry well.
 Didn't meet expectations and brought the Campark one again. tried to save couple bucks but didn't work
 I think this item is sturdy and will protect my SP 2 but I have given it two stars because of the big K that bulges out. I would much rather prefer it if the company made one without the K. I like my products to be mine. I don’t mind small company names but this one is a bit too much. Especially since the zipper already has the company name.
 I had to buy another The last one stop working
 In wireless, my phone keeps it from connecting. Not worth the money
 only works outside in full sunlight
 Athough they are made nice they're not for tripod legs with 3/8 thread. They are much smaller and as you can guess don't fit. In the picture you can see the rubber leg tip from a Gitzo tripod which does have a 3/8 thread and the Ts3 Stanless spike which you can see is not the same size.
 I didn't expect it to last forever. At least a year I would think. The connecter in the back where the power cord plugs in started malfunctioning. Then it just wouldn't turn on. I fiddled with the connection and got it to work for a couple more nights. Then it completely broke. Funny thing, I never touched this part of the camera before. It sat in the same spot all the time. No tension on the cord. It had pretty good picture quality, night and day. Getting the app to work is challenging.
 Directions not in English.
 A lot small than I thought it would be!!! The sides dont line up exactly and cause a gap between the snaps and the corners.
 Not really working for long. Still afraid of loosing the cap. What is the point?!!
 This case is huge! The size of a small backpack. I was looking for something to fit over my camera to protect it while hiking so that I could keep it hanging around my neck or shoulder. This bag is really fat. Not something I want to carry while exploring. I'll just stick with a backpack.
 The item I received was in a box with the top ripped as though it had been returned. The tripod does not fit in the bag that is intended to carry it. Poor design.
 Bought this camera for my 10 year old daughter for Christmas. It’s been 6 months and she barely uses it. She wanted to record basic videos but the playback is horrible. You can barely hear anything even though the volume is all the way up. Even putting the camera up to your ear is still hard to hear. It’s okay with taking photos if you just want a basic camera and do not mind if the photo is not crystal clear.
 Had these batteries for a while but they have never lasted very long at all. They come in handy as good backups but I expect they will die after an hour or so
 It worked for about a month and then stopped reading my Mac Book . I stopped using it but don't really know what went wrong. Im going to try an adapter to the usb-c cables. Cables are nice and as pictured but the logo on the red aluminum was different the the logo pictured which threw me off a bit also. I would recommend to anyone.
 I'm giving it 2 stars only because I have an issue and cant seem to find a source for getting help ... I just started getting this message when I'm trying to view 'live', I'm not sure what its asking me so I cant tell if I'm viewing from previous data or if this is live. It wont stop giving me this message everytime I try to check the camera
 I ordered a Canon SL2 Camera kit and 3 of the included products were either missing, not the right part, or broken. I contacted the Bundle Master about it and they said they could not do anything to replace it unless I wanted to send the WHOLE PACKAGE back! Not to mention, they also "buy" five star reviews by saying "if you leave us a five star review, youll get a bonus set of camera cleaning kit". Super shady business practices. The only reason this gets 2 stars is because the actual SL2 camera is amazing. Just do not buy it from Bundle Master
 Caused a light green band across the screen of my television. Band was visible even after switching devices.
 I bought one prior to this one that worked and came as described. This one failed to explain that it was only a plug in usb cord. So I missed that part and now stuck w 2 of them. When options like this are available it needs to be clearly stated.
 Records lights turning on and cars driving by, but not fedex people or salesmen. Only has 10 second recordings too. Good quality picture though.
 This is not easy to mount and align. It could only be practical on a stationary scope or binoculars on a tripod. Certainly not for capturing a quick photo in the field.
 The cover doesn't have a cut out for the remote sensor. Spent hours trying to figure out why the shutter button on my battery grip wouldn't work. All because the cover was blocking the sensor.
 The camera grip is ok. A little cheaper then expected. For the money I can make it work. The 2 batteries will not charge. They wouldn't charge with my old charger either. My old battery charges with the new charger. Hard to believe both batteries were shipped bad. Don't know if I can return the batteries since it was a bundle.
 the video is mediocre but usable, but my biggest issue with the cam is that it will randomly fail to capture any audio with the video. Pass on this cam and get something higher quality
 The pictures suck it blurry and just not good quality as well as it is not durable its lightweight and feels like a toy
 Loved the price point and fact that it rotated. However, we’ve had it for less than three months and the charging cord for the monitor broke after about one month (luckily it’s universal so easy enough to replace), but now the monitor doesn’t consistently work and turns completely white one and off so while the audio still works for us to hear our daughter, we can’t see her anymore when it’s goes white. Very frustrating...wouldn’t recommend.
 I am really worried about this design. I have seen many reviews stating issues with rusting screws. My major concern will come when I have to take the units down when it is time to replace the camera batteries. Poorly designed when it comes to easy access I will have to take the entire unit down to replace the batteries. A better design would involve one screw to open the housing from the bottom or side giving access to the camera. Guess I will have to cross that bridge when I get to battery replacement time.
 I didn't like the red ! Its not the same color red that's advertised on Amazon.
 Shutter curtain damaged. Very disappointing. Want to send back.
 Did not see anything but the moon. Sent back.
 Nice little workhorse. Over 400 VHS-C tapes through it and the battery life is sufficient
 It seems to be a nice product but the directions and video for getting it to balance properly is not very helpful. I have not been able to get it to balance for actual use. I would probably not buy this one again.
 Quick shipping - focus dial did NOT work - quick refund
 Fit is not as described and baby doesn't feel supported well.
 I am giving it 2 stars because when it arrived the humidity indicator was already pink, which means the straps were humid even before I opened the package... therefore Im not really trusting it :(
 I purchased the coach security camera light and the companion light. The lights look good and work properly. Was not difficult to install. My main issue is that the camera will not trigger on every single occasion. I contacted Kuna customer support and let them know how it does not trigger on every occasion and they stated they will monitor the camera. I let them know it does not matter whether it was day or night. Since the main reason I purchased the light was for the camera functionality and that does not work properly that is why I am giving it a 2 star rating. I will most likely look at another brand when I purchase another outdoor security light. I will sum it up by saying it is good if you want a live feed camera but do not rely on the sensor to trigger the camera to record.
 Glass protector does not fit the glass/screen on the G7X Mark II. Leaves about 1/2 an inch unprotected.
 The filter lense fell out of the body second time I used the product. No rough use and product never got wet, the adhesive just gave out. The polarized filter worked well enough and gave the camera good picture even with glare on water.
 I bought two of these. The first works fine, but the second refuses to link up to my network. Other reviews show this is common. Buyer beware.
 After taking a few pictures the camera gets stocked... Have to open it and take the battery out otherwise it won't work
 Great concept but they need to have some curve like my eye.
 Really not worth the money. Screws strip the holes out if you ever have to take them out. They really do't even fit the device.
 When they came they had leaked all over, so one bottle was empty. Not great packing.
 These were awful for the camera on the SL2. It made the picture blurry and cut it off on the edges. I was not pleased with the effects in the slightest.
 Dislike: Did not receive the software as advertised. Earlier this week, I reached out to the seller, no response. Spoke with Amazon. Seemed very concerned that I did not receive the software and said they would contact the seller. After we hung up, I'm still waiting to hear back from the seller and Amazon.
 I had this camera delivered to me yesterday. I tried more than 10 times to connect it to my Wi-Fi and also used tried the Ethernet connection. no luck. I will try again today, if still no luck, will return.
 The wrist band should have lights to show if it is on or off. It is used on a helmet and it can not be seen if it is recording unless I take the helmet off.
 Picture quality was poor. Not like the pictures online.
 It is very sturdy I just don't like that I got the small one. I thought I was buying the plus and it just fits my Iphone 10 and I wish it fit my Iphone 8+ .
 Worked great for 1.5 months then the power supply quit working. Nest cam kept rebooting. Make a better quality verison and I would purchase that.
 Auto focus doesn’t does not work. It is also very loose on a ef mount on camera. Would not recommend.
 its ok, its not that bright and seems cooler then it actually is.
 Discharge to fast, no keep the charge
 Very cheap material.
 Lens and accessory package if s great. However the shipping was terrible. Was supposed to receive on a Thursday and did not receive till following Monday forcing me to have to borrow a cheaper lens for the weekend
 Latest drivers did not install. Had to download source code for SmartThings driver. Still not working.
 Excellent camera when connected to the app BUT it would not stay connected and I could not ever get two on the app at the same time.
 Doesn't work what it is supposed to do. 1. Auto focus doesn't work. It enters into endless loop of finding target. 2. Clicked a few pics in manual mode. The magnification ratio with 105 mm lens was not impressive. Slightly better results were achieved with my iphone and macro attachment. (both samples attached)
 I couldn't get it to work
 Pretty cheap looking
 while I can go to 10mm on my 10 - 18mm Canon wide angle without hood interfering with the exposure, the hood is not reversible. Big drawback for me
 Whenever I plug it into my phone or computer it doesn't always register. And then sometimes I'll be a couple pictures in and it will disconnect. It can take forever to go through only a handful of pictures and can be frustrating.
 This product was very different to get it to work. In addition there is no contact number to talk with the maker to try and resolve problems. The doorbell rings but could not get it to work on the inside chimes. Unable to hear the door bell ring inside of house. Would not recommend it.
 I bought two devices because the free services served my needs. They started removing features, trying to force users on to the membership plan. The cost of membership (per device) is just ridiculous. There are so many other products out there to choose from. Go with more reputable company.
 Customer service is unresponsive and poor -
 Poor picture quality, hard to tell where you are oriented. Camera tip gets hot and mine fogged up in a damp environment. I thought it would be convenient having the display appear on the phone instead of on an attached camera. The problem with this approach means you have to use two hands. One to hold in the camera and one to hold the phone, not convenient.
 This is part of my regular and camera kit and gets daily use. I bought three of them. While they are solidly built, they do not secure very tightly when locked. Wouldn't reccomend if considering this product.
 A very small bag that is supposed to hold a lens maybe.
 Not good compared with other similar lenses I have, returned.
 Disappointed the pin is attached to the key ring. I’m afraid it will accidentally get pulled out at the wrong time
 Biggest issues I have with this device are that it's not that hard to see the camera behind the glass on the front. And the sound quality is incredibly bad. All I could hear was a popping sound and if someone spoke you could hear a muffled sound. Returned it, which is a shame, really needed it this week so back to trying to find a good solution.
 This camera has a clear, crisp image. Setting it up with your wifi is fairly easy(remember to have your phones sound on for the tone). Biggest complaint is the software and alarm functions. The alarm at its least sensitive level picks up the smallest change and sends alerts. This is an outdoor camera so the wind blowing a tree causes it to alarm making it useless for alarm monitoring. Also the software will not turn off the loud alarm locally if you want it disabled without simply turning the whole alarm function off completely. It does not have a vibrate or mute function. If you want to be able to log in and look at your camera it works fine, but if you don’t want to have to put your phone in silent mode 24/7 this isn’t the camera for you. While this is billed as an outdoor camera it’s really an indoor camera for an area that does not have anything that ever moves during the alarm times or it will drive you crazy.
 The functions of the camera are refines, I love the flash feature, easily connects with my iPhone and seamlessly transfers pictures. I gave it two star because the screen material is very easily scratched and looks as if it is a layer above the LED screen, making it seem as if one is viewing the image after being captured through a glass box.
 It's a very nice kit, it came with all the accessories, BUT my waterproof case was broken, the thing that closes it was broken so I can't close the case and now the case is useless. And I bought this kit just because of the waterproof case.... The rest was fine as announced.
 Lots of accessories. Had to find a plastic box to hold all the stuff. The plastic box the cameras is in, doesn't have a bottom once you open it, so its just a recycle. "user manual" in very small print, hard to read. Would be nice to have a link to a real manual. Hard to identify pieces and what they are for. No information on usage. Can't say if it works or not, as the memory cards (I ordered separately) haven't come yet. Took a while, bu I figured out how to open the box, and the camera.
 The stands strip easily since they are a cheap product. I use the green screen frequently but the stands for the lights don't lock in place very well.
 You get what you pay for. It feels a little bit cheap but for the price it gets the job done.
 The lights work but - no surprise - are pretty flimsy. Good luck getting the tripods in and out of the handles.
 It's an IR blaster.. it does the work.no more, no less.
 The mount does OK. The problem is that with that many joints it doesn't keep its aim. Used it with a GoPro Session on a long tour about a sportbike and I found myself adjusting it every stop or just removing it because the extra drag made my neck sore.
 Overall this is an okay product. You need to use two tripods/stands to support this slider to avoiding tilting when camera moves from one side to the other. You can set position A and B easily with the controller but they are gone after you power the thing off. Noise from the motor is loud. So it's not good for interview. The follow focus function only work well in the center part of the slider, as it gets close to the two ends, the rotation is not that smooth.
 The night vision/IR does not work. Returning product.
 Product outer frame was cracked, I don’t have time to return, had to use electrical tape to fix for my trip.
 aluminium is super thin but everything fits.
 It’s ok. Nothing spectacular. Ordered 2 and only one worked.
 Re-stocking fee aside, I returned it because the motion timelapse functionality is pretty much useless. I wasn't expecting miracles but expected to be able to do some simple moves. But the resulting TL wobbles all over the place and the app that controls it is really bad... Cumbersome and you have to reprogram it every time (can't repeat moves). Otherwise the product seemed fairly solid in the sense that it worked fine when I tested it it just a handheld gimbal (with a gh5 and a couple different lenses). There's no indication on the product page (that I could find) that you'll be charged a re-stocking fee and this is the only time I can recall being charged one on Amazon - and it was on the order of 100 bucks. Pretty lame.....BUT... Amazon refunded it completely when I complained.
 Lens seems fine. I was actually impressed when I first took it out. Color looked great. Smooth aperture and focus rings. Then I realized I can’t focus any further than about 8 ft. Others have said this is an issue with the adapter, which is probably the case. However I am able to focus very closely. I wonder if that’s because of the adapter as well. Either way I think I’ll keep it since it’s just 25 bucks and try other adapters
 Great materials. It feel secure and the quick release works just fine. I wasn't expecting to have a handle bar so that is a plus among this price range
 product good, paid to much for 2 day delivery special, when it took 4 days to get here
 The one I got didn't work so well, but I think that isn't the fault of the seller, rather the manufacturer. The picture function was fine, the built in microphone was awful and it wouldn't auto focus or stabilize, even when I checked the settings while in video mode. I bought the cameras for its video function so for me, a camera that I couldn't use for video, was kind of purposeless. I returned it and got the SL2 instead, but if you're a novice and just want a DSLR that you can learn with, I would definitely recommend the T6 and for the price, with two lenses, it's a steal. The boxes were all opened inside already, however all of the components were intact and were brand new.
 Producing a picture takes about one full minute per image, so when we tried to set up a class photo booth for my son's 2nd grade it was a lot of waiting. Also this may be me, but the view finder did not match up with what came out on the film at all...we sent ours back.
 umm try to buy the original, this one is good but usage time is less than original NIKON battery
 Very cute but it was such a pain in yhe butt getting the wrinkles out.
 The lens produces incredibly sharp images with very low distortion as advertised. My main complaint is the amount of flare produced when this lens is used in bright sunlight. I purchased this primarily to use as a landscape lens and had to throw away more than 2/3 of the images i captured with it due to flare and chromatic aberration. If you plan to use this indoors or for astrophotography, you will likely be very pleased. If you intend to use it in bright sunlight, you will likely be very disappointed. For me, it was not a keeper so I returned it.
 Cool product but the video seems to lag a little almost making it impossible to fly this fpv. An open space and slow flight is required. There are other products in this category that have better video transmission. I have flown many racing drones and although this is digital and looks clean the lag really makes this just a toy.
 It works great but the power cord is sooooo long takes up too much space.....my husband just bought the a7r3 ...which came with a charger ...the cord is 21 inches.....mine is 81 inches....this is crazy.....
 Came well packed. Some of the lens were blurry. Purchased for xmas gifts for my nieces and they liked them.
 Package did not come with all the accessories shown. The tripod was missing.
 No review yet ..... camera and case Wrapped and under the Christmas tree. Sorry
 I had the "Ring" stolen right out of my front porch and decided on the Arlo Q as a replacement. Compared to "Ring", the video quality is outstanding, and the motion detection doesn't have that one second lag, which I learned the hard way can make a big difference. That same motion detection, however, is driving me CRAZY. The activity zone is completely ignored, so I receive alerts for every car, person, animal that passes by on the street/sidewalk. After reading the community posts on Arlo's website, I discovered this was a common issue. My phone is going off all the live long day because of Arlo. I ended up subscribing to one of the plans, as someone on the blog mentioned it would help. NOPE. It did not, though I can now select to only alert me if a person walks by as opposed to a car - in or outside of the activity zone. So I end up ignoring most of the Arlo motion alerts, which defeats the purpose of having an alert.
 The proper adhesive was not pre-installed. You have to install it yourself. I lost one glass in a field. Glass is low quality. gets the job done but I wish I had spent the extra few bucks for a more polished product.
 My girlfriend loves it and it does exactly what it's suppose to do but quality of photo is poor
 After about 10 uses the light started to flicker. And it does not matter how fresh batteries are...
 This thing STINKS! Outside of that, the tello fits perfectly in it. But the smell is awful!
 The collar should be twice as long. It's ok and functions well. It'd be better if that chrome collar had twice the depth with the set/thumb screw at the bottom.
 Its cheap. It works, It could have been sturdier.
 Did not get the 90 degree 2.5mm end, it has a straight in plug. These always break. Rating neutral because I am not sure if I was sent the wrong item or if the product description is wrong and most people probably don't care about the 90 degree plugs.
 Not the most high quality lights. They have a green hue to them which the included filters can not remove. You can adjust your wb and fix the issue post not a big deal. Lightweight and battery operated. Easy to use and easy to move. Comes with a bag with pockets for extra stuff and the bag has pleanty of Room for more items.
 shield is good but the cap fits loose
 It broke very easily
 One of the connector pieces at the bottom of a tripod arrived broken and the internal spring was able to pop out. Unfortunately, it was the day before a show so we were unable to use it as intended. A friend pointed out that making the plastic twice as thick on that part would have added almost nothing to the cost of the unit but would have made that particular point much more durable. Otherwise the product is a good balance between weight and durability. If you don't hang anything way too heavy on the cross brace then it works great. Will send this one back and look for another brand with thicker parts.
 Does not meet the expectation. In pictures it looks great but its not worth it
 not for an adult, I passed it on to my niece she is 12 years old she is happy with it
 bought new mirror rod mount today
 Have not tried it yet as it did not come with a manual for operating instructions.
 The color was not as photographed. It was a darker brown.
 Does the job fine but ridiculously expensive for a piece of plastic... Shame on you Nikon! Their margins must be 99% with this product lol
 Definitely not what I was expecting. It’s not as bright as the same bulb from another brand. It’s not awful, but it’s definitely not sufficient for my photography needs.
 Everything worked wonderfully for the first week and a half. Then the camera stopped recording to the cloud/my email and couldn’t be viewed live from the app. If nothing is recording there should be no reason the solar is not keeping the battery charged after 3 sunny days in a row. I do not see where this has impacted the battery life positively at all. I wish l hadn’t wasted my money.
 My granddaughter was disappointed that this kit did not include film for the camera. Her parents had to go out the next day looking for film for the camera. But she did like the color and the operation of it.
 Not as much info as I thought
 The warranty so far is proving 2 be pointless
 This chest mount works as in it supports my gopro on my chest but it provides me with very shaky video footage. I use this chest mount to record my bicycle rides and my riding position doesn't give me a good angle so I installed my gopro upside down which also extends it away from my chest resulting in even worse footage so I modified it. I found some dense foam lying around my junk box which was used for the headrest of an old chair. This foam is angled about 45 degrees which helps angle the chest mount/camera up more so now I can use the gopro right side up. Ever since modifying the chest mount with this foam my footage has drastically improved. I recommend you do this if you're riding a bicycle. Also I wear this chest mount as high up on my chest as possible. I also wrapped soft cloth around the straps for extra comfort.
 It does pickup signals from any devices that emits RF signals and sometimes picks up electrical signals as well.
 Where do I get a full instruction book for this camera ? I am hooking it up to stream no drivers for this ? I am hooking it up to hdmi to my pc can anyone assist ?
 Great price and works just fine for what I need it for.
 The "white" color light has a pink tint to it. Wish it was more of a true white. Other than that, it's simple and works great.
 Arrived a day later than expected, took three days with prime. So far so good, seem to be well constructed and durable. Install rather simply. They arrive with no instructions but they’re pretty well self explainable. For the price, can’t beat it!
 Not as easy to install as advertised, and the instructions can be described as broken English at best. Once I deciphered through the jibberish and the equally non-helpful video, it wound up not working. If you have the time and already are familiar with wiring, go for it! Otherwise buy your camera someplace that will install with warranty!
 Still waiting for the replacement rear camera due to the original suddenly went grey. Our first correspondence was early December 2017 I believe. Lexicon stated via email they will send another but different type. Never received.
 Haven't used it yet but it looks good and works as advertised. Happy with purchase.
 I wish this was more user friendly - the control interface is slightly archaic... I went thru directions, and set up with directions. I got beautiful resolution images FOR EVERY SINGLE TIME A BREEZE MOVED A BRANCH- which is peachy IF that's what you wanted (?) - filled half the storage card then STOPPED after 6 hrs without one single night time image. This is being returned, it might be perfect for you, but I'm going to try something else.
 I have two issues with this device: 1) my XS Max doesn't quite fit (too heavy, too wide), 2) the app doesn't take advantage of XS features such as stereo audio recording. Not much DJI can do about the fit, but they definitely need to highlight that in the marketing material
 Okay, I have set up 3 different Amcrest systems and this one I had more problems with than any of the others. Install is fairly simply, plug and play as with the other systems but on this newer version there is a "buzzer" alarm that starts going off the SECOND that you plug the dvr box in. You then have to get through pages and pages of settings before you can even change the alarm settings so that it quits buzzing at you and even then you have to look for it because there's about 3 separate places that you have to uncheck to make sure the alarm quits beeping at you. ALSO- I had to download a different APP than my previous Amcrest Systems use because this system isn't compatible with the others for some reason. So now I can't even view all of my locations on the same app. The App works great if I am on the same wifi network as the cameras BUT struggles significantly when I am away which is not a issue with my other Amcrest systems or previous App (so what's the point of the new app if its unusable). The picture quality is good for the price and we've had good luck with this brand but I am pretty disappointed in this particular product.
 It works perfectly for my printer and extra printer paper, but it had this really strong smell that we couldn't wash out it kind of smelled like cigarette smoke? I'm not sure if it's just the material it was made up or if anyone else had this problem
 I don’t always write reviews but I’m torn on this product. Quality of cameras is great, setup and install was fairly easy, but the software is not that great. Hard to fast forward, rewind, set up recording schedules and a specific recording area of the camera.
 It worked out for the first few weeks, but noticed that the bottom part of the case starts to peel off over time. It looks like the inside needs super glue. It looks great but wished it would peel off, especially when I have used my camera on average once a week.
 This does a fair job, but is too small and lightweight...needs to be on a stable base to balance the camera weight, so not as useable as I'd hoped.
 I need to purchase a new battery because the one it came with out of the package does not charge correctly.
 Great quality video picture and easy to install in Win10 for me. However, in using with Skype and Teams, the picture is zoomed in too close. I can't zoom out, so everyone on the video call can see my skin pores at alarming good resolution. I tried moving the camera back and that helped to some degree, but now it is not conveniently mounted on my monitor and is clumsily sitting atop other objects. I wish I had chosen a different camera...too late to return now.
 Doesn't work well with my battery grip, but worked for a project I bought it for. My project called for a stationary tripod application and not sure it would not have worked as well in a more fluid environment. Also got to ding it on the price. Should be half the price.
 Good picture but will not record and have to use remote because control box doesn’t work.
 False alarm in door sensor constantly
 Well, this holder will not take a iPhone 10 with a case, and will not take a galaxy 5s with case.
 Picture is great quality. The down side is that it's very hard to determine what setting the camera is on.
 Works but... batteries do not last as long as original sony batteries
 The light looks cheap and doesn't have a great effect.
 Okay so I really wanted to give this a 5 star review but I have to be honest. I have several other tp-link devices that I operate through the kasa app and I love them. I don't dislike the camera it is just underwhelming when it comes to motion detection. We have this camera in our window looking out to our cars and it would pick up the motion detection of the bare tree branches swaying but didn't detect when one of the cars pulled away. Not sure why or how you could miss a big suv pulling out of frame but all well. It does have a quality picture but the motion detection just sucks. It's still nice for what you pay for.
 One of the levels came loose and broke off
 Bag looks great a little bigger than my other bag but not worth it I should have paid the extra $$ and got bigger cannon product. It does work, and is clean .
 Bracket is easy to break.
 Did not work for me, send back and received a full refund. No hard drive and connections on the back are different from the system I already have. Great service from the seller.
 This thing blew up. It worked for a couple months and the died in a puff of smoke.
 My phone connects pretty quickly when I need to access the camera remotely and it picks up sound really well. However, I can't disable the really annoying sound when it detects motion, and the night vision is not good.
 The light was too bright and I can slow my breathing down slower than the light blinked so it didn't really help me. I really wanted it to work. The battery door was very hard to get open too.
 Left eye focus difficult to adjust.
 This has tiny, tiny little pieces that help hold the flash in place, and if you loosen the screw too much to put the flash in the stand, they can fall out. Prepare by having a magnifying glass handy!
 Battery doesnt charge as much as it should after a couple of months. This is my 2nd battery now
 The film that must be peeled off prior to installation doesn't have a tab. A sticker to peel it back is provided but it does not easily peel the film back and in fact I had to use my fingernail to peel it back because the sticker wasn't working. They easily crack and break. I actually broke one trying to get the film peeled back.
 Did not work on a 5in1 dvr But the camera seems like a good quality
 I havent used it for it's intention. I tested it and I'm having issues for lack of knowledge. Night vision isn't very clear and the sound is great considering it's size. I'm worried about it now because a friend brought to my attention hacking might give criminals entry into my privacy. Yikes!
 Love the device, but pray you never have to call customer service! Dropped it another star because Arlo's customer service truly is horrendous. If you purchase this product, an extended warranty is very much needed so you can avoid them.
 Would be a great product, but... The fit is so tight, that it is very difficult to remove the battery from the case. Also, the SD card holder does not hold it securely; it falls out. Dimensions are just a bit off.
 Case is great but don't expect delivery to be on time.
 I ordered the pretty aqua marine color shown in the stock videos that they called blue. It is nowhere near the color they advertise. It is also much larger then their photos show it to be. Disappointed for sure. Hoping it at least works as I don’t have time to order s different one before our trip.
 one of the batteries does not work and the duration of the other is quite less than the 11 minutes mentioned in the catalog
 Not strong enough for what I need.
 Don't be fooled. Awful quality. Don't buy. I'm not happy with my purchase!
 For the price it’s great . Still learning how to use it effectively. Apparently the more features you use the more battery you use up. So mine only gets about 13-15 minutes for what I want from it. Still picture quality isn’t bad.
 The button fell off after the second time I used it.
 We had a hard time getting this camera to sync and work properly. I was about to return it when i decided to try one more time. I tried contacting customer service; no replay via chat, tried email-took several days to get a reply.
 So far so good, haven't had the battery long enough to really review it.
 The app doesn't send notification to tell you when the camera detect a move. Otherwise it's a good one with good night mode
 The nd filter itself is really good, seems to do the job I needed it to. The problem that I saw is that it's loose and easy to remove. The other thing with this design is that you have to really push it in while holding the camera gimbal and it's a bit dangerous to do. So buy and use at your own risk. I'll probably look for another brand and design if something happens to the filters.
 It is not a best product but not that bad either. We used for few recordings and few photo shots with GoPro then start breaking a part. I gave 3 star for being able to work for me for the full project.
 Very cheap and flimsy feeling hopefully it doesn't break on the first few trips out. It is for my son so it didn't need to be great but was hoping for a little bit better quality.
 I ordered this new for my daughter and when I received it the package had missing items. The instax hello kitty film was not in box and the lanyard was not in box. The camera itself has not been used as I need to go buy film first. It also appears to not be new which is disappointing because I could have purchased a used one for less. Amazon was kind enough to help and refund a small amount to cover the cost of buying the film. I'm sure the camera will work great and my daughter will love it just disappointed with the package itself.
 I use this stand to fly in an overhead shogun mic for interviews where I need to travel light (vs. using a c-stand). It works great because it folds up easy, is lightweight, and the arm is nice and long (+ a sandbag). With that said, BE CAREFULL! If you tighten the knobs too tight (and it really doesn't take much) it will dent the thin metal and the boom arm will no longer slide in and out of the center post.
 Great lighting, very bright. Drains battery like nobody's business however. I'm using 6 AA batteries. Need to figure out a better power alternative. But the lighting is excellent.
 The cameras are good, however for some reason the nightvision keeps clicking in and out of night vision all day. my other 5 dont.
 Camera works fine, set-up is quite easy. Disappointing in that it doesn't have the ability to send an e-mail when an alarm is triggered. Competitive cameras do. This functionality is necessary for my purposes.
 Have not used it yet, but unpacking I broke the battery compartment lid, and the waterproof case lid was scratched pretty good. With all the protective films, did this not have one, or did I get a returned one? Also the menus are not very intuitive, and the manual is mediocre. Got it two days before going to Hawaii, so no returning.
 This is a really well made hand strap. My one negative is that on my Canon SLR I have to remove the quick attachment eyelet that I use for my Peak Design Slide strap before I can attach this - the heavy nylon mesh used for this strap is simply too wide to allow both to thread through the camera's narrow strap attachment. Because of this I don't use the hand strap as often as I might otherwise..
 The camera was huge and there was no way to hide it. It came with a huge battery pack that you couldn’t disconnect
 This was very flimsy and the table center pieces are very small, I could have got the same items at the dollar store cheaper.
 So the allure of this setup for me was the middle drill hole in poles to support more weight. I brought to one event 3 weeks after purchase.... tripod poles at extention warped with weight put on them (maybe 5 lb top). Bag zipper came undone and off the zipper teeth after only one use...so portability ease of use was shot. I like the middle pole and ill probably use for add on to my display.... but for cost vs practicality id give it a 2.5 out 5.
 I ordered a small quantity before and it worked on one pair of glasses, so I ordered a larger quantity. This batch is awful and doesn't clean any of my other glasses. It smears the lenses and doesn't clean. I've used 7 so far and they did NOTHING. Unacceptable batch
 Great , I would just say your really light , so it’s more for a inside party or just not for a windy outside day
 It is durable but comes off way too easily if it’s loose in a bag.
 Chep quality product is not good quality and product
 Good picture, DVR kept loosing connectivity, screen would go blank had to return it.
 the plastic that fits in the hotshoe doesn't seem to be flat and so the level is loose and wobbles.
 Alot of stuff but not as useful as i thought they would be.
 One of the cables are faulty, cannot use it. The others work well and the quality is good
 Not the best I've had
 I couldn't get things lined up right. fit issues, the tulip hood interfered with image making it fuzzy on the edge.
 For the price, it's a well built and user friendly camera! But, considering that there is no focus feature or that you can't record WHILE charging, looses a few stars. I recommend this begginer camera for anyone looking for an inexpensive alternative to pricey 4k models
 Not sure what is the problem with three of the camera's the will not reboot they will not turn on. I am not sure what is going on with them.
 When the camera was working, it was a beautiful picture. The zoom, pan, etc features were all great. BUT, I couldn't place the camera where I needed it. 20' from my router, with a range extender 5' from the camera, and it wouldn't connect. Too bad. Had to return.
 This isn’t the best underwater DSLR camera bag out there. After only a few uses in our pool it started letting water leak in, meaning I had to stop recording and dry it. Not the best underwater bag.
 Was easy to install. If you are going to use outside need to be sure that it is out of the elements. Has one camera that didn't work but the company replaced it. For the money a good product.
 As mentioned by others, the swivel clamp doesn't tighten in any way that holds the arm in place. There were no directions included so if there is some way to adjust it, it's a mystery to me. The arm can be balanced horizontally but if you try to position it at an angle, the bar just slips right through the swivel portion of the clamp. This was a disappointing purchase.
 A bit bulky but that's to be expected I presume
 It would be great if I could use this. But I didn’t get a battery with my shipment.....
 It works as advertise; However, the flip out lock thingy that secures the battery compartment, sounded horrible when I first used it. Like plastic/metal grinding, and now after a few actual uses, I can't get my batteries out. It feels like I might break the cheap little plastic thingy. I don't want to return it until I get the batteries out! So frustrating. Update: I finally got it open. But the problem was a result of one of the batteries not sitting properly. It worked fine after that. What a relief! However as for the grinding little plastic Thingy. It is a result of the two metal pieces rubbing together to lock. I just added a very small dab of grease, and it works much better.
 need to charge batteries in pairs, and there's only one light indicator to tell you if they're charged or not, so when i head a failed battery I couldn't tell which one was broken. Also, it just died after 1 year of use. Now buying a different model.
 Poor picture quality. Tested this out in my living room and the pictures came out dark and blurry. I could only imagine how much worse this would be under water. Poor quality for the price.
 This bundle was advertised as a four-pack, but it only came with three lens caps.
 It seems to work well, but has some issues. First off, while I like it is discreet and looks just like a charger it only is helpful if your outlet happens to be in a spot to you want to monitor. I found it great to monitor my pets as they roams around, since it's closer to their level but not exactly ideal if you say want to monitor a door or something at a higher vantage point unless you rig up a extension cord, which I suppose is an option, but then still not exactly discreet. It was relatively easy to use (minus a few errors with the app to set it up, finally got it to work). The other thing that was annoying was that it didn't exactly say anywhere in the description that you needed a microSD card to get it to work, but it definitely does. Does not have any internal storage. It was great that it came with all the other cords and data transfer items needed though. So overall great if in a pinch or don't mind the low angles or if you have an outlet in a perfect spot otherwise eh its whatever.
 Very difficult to adjust and to see out of, very disappointing. Don't waste your money on these!
 It's a good quality bag, just looked wider in the photo
 Some parts of this case rusts outside.
 Now this coverage I do remember why I purchased, but I never used it... although I tend to be more careful with my expensive things
 Great gimmick. Honestly love the concept. Focus seems to be a bit picky with me and the battery drains really quickly (not sure if I got a lemon battery or not, but you can replace them) . It do not s get costly if you use it constantly due to the paper (no ink refills, big plus) and getting a SD card (get anything 16gb or bigger, you'll thank me later).
 The DVR itself works great, very easy to hook up and install. Only problem is the phone app. It will not connect. I have read where others have this problem as well and have to jump through a few hoops to get it working. This should not be. However the hardware itself works fine for the camera recording.
 If you want to simply purchase this for the monocular, then you will be just fine. It's relatively easy to use and has a decent distance view. If, however, you want to purchase this so that you can take pics with your cell phone, don't waste your money. To begin with the "instructions" that they send are not instructions. To use this with your phone, you'll have to hold it on the phone while taking a pic - very awkward. I'm sure there are other monoculars out there that work much better for that purpose.
 After 2 recharging it doesn't hold the charge how use to. In the beginning I was able to get 700 shots with Nikon d7200 after 2 recharges I was able to get around 300. At least still work
 This telescope is for the advanced users not for beginners. I was only able to view the moon a couple of times. it did take a long time for me to find a clear picture. Great telescope for the money
 Would not work with my iPhone or my HP laptop. Comes with a compact disc to install. Who uses those anymore?
 Colors were cracked and faded
 Product us great. However. Only comes with Feiyu G6. You do not get items as displayed. Missing the side mount and extension pole.
 I bought this to take pictures of my cabochons and silver jewelry. The way the light strips are placed causes a ton of glare. Because the box is small it’s hard to do anything to get a more diffuse light rendering it near useless for my needs. Also the material the back drops are made of makes them very hard to clean.
 Make sure you have a 50mm or higher equivalent or it will not work at all
 They're big. But I feel like it's a liability on set. Each pole has the potential for flinging out on set and destroying stuff. Also, mine came with a bunch of white stuff in the pole holder... Returned it without issues but it's too dangerous to have on set IMO
 I do like the drone it’s fun and very maneuverable but the battery life is very short and I have issues getting the VR goggles to focus right. It’s a good starter drone I think.
 I loved this little eye cup but the very small (size of a mustard seed) peg that fits into the notch on the cameras i piece broke, its very delicate. When it worked, i loved it. I really loved it so couldn't rate too poorly for the damage. I can no longer use it but for the price i really cant knock it too hard. Maybe it was my fault, packing error.
 Didn't see much of a difference...
 Works but fits loosely
 I was so excited to use this cam. Unfortunately even before I opened the item it said right on the box "Does not Record Audio". Very unfortunate because thats one of the main features i was looking for. The listing should specify that the product does not record audio! Before purchasing the item I checked customer questions and some said does it does in fact record audio, thats why i bought it. The only things i liked are that it came with a usb cable and a usb drive.
 It works as I expected it to work, except for one issue: the phone clamp attachment does not adequately support the weight of my iPhone 11 Pro Max. Specifically, there are two points where the phone clamp attachment can swivel and roll, with no way to tighten them - the designers evidently thought that friction would be enough. So my iPhone tilts out of the desired viewing angle, especially as soon as I start moving. A workaround is to support the phone clamp at the point of attachment with the fingers of my hand that is holding the rod, but that gets pretty tiresome within a few minutes. This is almost a dealbreaker... the phone clamp attachment is the main reason I got this particular product. I'll update my review if I find a resolution.
 The mic is the best you can buy for the business. The stand was a real disappointment. If you extend it to full height and place a mic on the arm with more than 50% extending, the top portion bends. First time I used it and it is warped 3 hours after setup. Mic is great though!
 I used for a month or two and then my husband broke it. So not totally durable
 Great product, however the day I received it, the price dropped $50 from the price I paid for it. I called Amazon to see if they would just credit me the $50 but they said they could not do this. I explained that I would simply return the item so it would be in their best interest to do this, however they still refused. Now, it has been over a week since I returned the item and I still have not received my refund. It say their policy is to issue the refund 3-5 days after they receive he item, but this has not been the case. It has been 8 days now since they received my item and I am still waiting on my refund. 'm sure the product is great, which is why I rated 3 stars, however the frustration of waiting on my refund is a 2 star deduction.
 Was hard to find which software was compatible but got it figured out. Works pretty well for the money!
 The bag is to bulky and found it to be cumbersome. Ive had to alter the bags foam core to my needs.
 I purchased a two-pack to replace current cameras. Having problems with cameras "buffering" a lot and then delaying real-time action before seeing it on Amazon Echo device.
 You get what you pay for, doesn't recognize sim card so recording is out, constantly going offline, can't change network without resetting the camera and starting over,can only use settings from The original smart phone it was installed with,
 It works well enough and stamps your metadata with DMS formatted (degrees, minutes, seconds) GPS information. It's built like something you'd find in a super market capsule machines though and I have huge reservations about it lasting in the longer term. This is not the GPS attachment you want if you're out in a rough setting where the connecting wires may get snagged and ripped from the camera unexpectedly.
 I bought this to mount on my Biltwell Lane Splitter helmet. I didn’t want anything permanent on my helmet so this seem to fit the bill. As far as built quality it’s anything you’d expect from China. It’s not super durable, and the clasp feel kinda weak. My face-shield does close all the way, but completely blocks off the air inlet. The straps seem nice and strong, but the locks seem weak. I wouldn’t recommend using this unless you have a secondary anchor for the camera in question. Over all, I would recommend it, but I have reservations about it.
 It's easier than holding the phone but difficult to set up.
 Mostly work and best price out there but had a few duds with bent / unusable pins
 Online access after install is great, but very hard to have support to start get signal for camera, all after 2 days after buy, also for camera working you need buy company support you signal for camera
 shame. it has all the troubles I can image. not good. strongly not recommend.
 I like it but the chord doesn't alway connect so I have to wiggle it and push alot for the light to turn on.
 Failed after several months ... just another cheap cable from China ... still searching for a quality cable that Arlo cameras fail to provide in lengths over 8 ft.
 I thought they were poorly made
 Did not work on my Android and the hardest part is to remove the protective case from the phone to plug the reader. I really wanted this worked, but it didn't .
 It's okay. It doesn't really prevent the cable from coming out and doesn't really protect it that much, but it makes it really easy to recover when the cable does come out unexpectedly. Maybe the other Tether Tool products would have been better, but this will do.
 I have used the unit for a while and happy with it. But the battery is troublesome and does not last long and the charger does not respond well.
 its ok for use of bike handle bar but seed to shift around a bit. I added doubled sided tape to the inside before mounting and that helps for a while.
 Plastic and does not hold secure. Hard to tighten to hold at all. Do not recomend.
 I was very excited to order this backdrop. But when it arrived and I put it up I was very disappointed as to how see-through it was. You definitely need to one on top and one on the bottom. I ended up having to purchase a sequence thing to put it over. Not happy
 Seems great for areas with little contact (like not in a pocket without another cover), but two of these came off my phone after 1 day each, making them useless.
 Received wrong part the first time, but now that I have it, it’s great
 Good price but Funlux is basically same as Zmodo that cares more about cloud subscriptions and renders NVR motion detection functions unworkable with updates that favor phones and cloud subscribers.
 Love the wireless option and how the camera has a strong magnetic hold on the back. But the batteries do not last long. I use in my barn and only have motion sensor turned on at night. I have gone threw 4 battery packs in a month. I was told batteries lasted longer. But regret buying wireless now.
 it rolls off the roll awkwardly. Not like the other ones I have purchased
 Its look and do good job but it's big for travel
 Bought this in June 2016. One of the legs, when opened, wouldn't hold at the first stop, so I returned it. Second one was good, but after about a year of occasional use has developed the same problem. It's still usable, but has to be carefully balanced so that all three legs are at the same angle. The little metal stops that keep the leg at the correct angle are much too small and unreliable. I thought this was out of warranty, but after writing my review Vanguard commented that I should send it back. They sent me a new one that seems to be an improved design. So, I'm now on my third tripod, but I feel optimistic that this one will last. I'm very pleased with their customer service and I'm hoping this one will hold up. Time will tell.
 Too small to do much good, but it's cute.
 I did not like the product cos of the mechanism of operating, the blue light can't be seen in daylight, making it difficult to operate. It will be better to have a bluetooth device connected so one can operate the camera recording and pictures easily, when to start, when to stop and you can't just touch your glasses each time in front of people they get suspicious.
 I intended to use this in a black-lit room. The photos and videos turned out almost completely black, it does work very well in better lighting but I think most of the time I'm going to stick to my Kodak.
 While it may work for others it did not for me. My computer showed the same things over and over-cannot open, non-supportive and file may be defected and/or corrupt so I made the choice not to use it.
 I picked this up on a special sale price of $25 its great for that price point. The bipod is slightly better than most inexpensive scopes. I like the size of this scope. It works for my needs 22lr at 50 yards. Eye relief is pretty good also. I dont have to lift my glasses to get a clear view through the eye piece
 Works flawless but the menu system is kinda confusing have to search on Youtube tutorials.
 Was not able to hook to wifi
 This is great, easy to assembly and gives you many backdrop options, but the LED lights strips have the lights exposed (they could be covered or encased with a transparent material as other LED lights I own) and the micro USB port as well. One of the ports, since it was exposed, snapped right off the first time I plugged it in, therefore one of my light strips isn’t working. They could be sturdier and not so prone to breakage, but it is still a very useful idea.
 the item is very good but my camera is damages thank u anyway.
 The images don’t come out as expected and the fish lens fell apart within the same day! Luckily I could manage to put it back, but I’m very disappointed
 Have not used yet. Very small radio. Hope it functions in emergencies
 I want to love this and truth be told it takes good images but it's so freaking complicated to know if it's recording or not. I wouldn't ever know until the end of the day when I went to check the video, but I never even got that far as I felt it was unnecessarily complicated. The seller/manufacture was more than helpful in making sure I got help with directions on how to use.
 Ordered two pack based on pick on add and only got one. Good quality.
 It is not a bad lens for the price, but the AF system is not as effective as i expected it to be
 Not a good build product. The clips to install the hood are not easy to install or handle.
 Nice accessory, but it feels flimsy, only time will tell how much it will last.
 Not stable enough. It's made with good material, however just not sturdy enogh.
 It is easy to setup with Your phone or a PC that is connected to the same router. However, not so easy to do things with a remote PC and I don't see a way to use wifi except by phone..I want the unit setup back to the router through wifi and I want to login to it remotely.. the video is ok and for the price wouldn't expect much better. The unit is solid, took it apart and didn't see the SD slot but I read it's.on the board which is a third set of screws to remove. My biggest complaint if I'm ok running cat5 back to each router is the woodpecker thumping sound that is almost constant with the microphone..Wrong sound in room and it's still there..this problem will most likely make me send them all back..I needed 10 of these in my remote buildings..happy to pay $150 bucks if it fixes there issues so onto the next camera's for me.
 This case is really well made and sturdy. Super well built and the compartment fits everything perfectly. The only reason for three stars is the smell. This case has a lingering chemical smell that won’t go away! It smells like a million solo cups has been melted and made into a drone case. Anything that goes into this case to will have the permanent plastic chemical smell. If you have no sense of smell, go for it! If you love yourself, think twice
 small for my 11 year old twins to carry
 Got asked to write this review long before I even received my product lol. Haven't had much time to really play with it, but it is going alright so far. The large writing surface is great to work on, however the pens could be a little more sensitive... sometimes I feel like I'm going to press through the drawing surface trying to press so hard for the darker lines and when I try to do a very light line I keep lifting the pen off the drawing surface. However this is really only your basic entry level drawing tablet and for what you pay its not too bad. A bit disappointed to find the drawing surface already had scratches on it which begs the question if this had been opened before. However the tablet still works in the scratched area. Was surprised to discover you get 2 pens. One pen is a rechargeable pen, the other is a pen in which you can put a AA battery in. The battery pen would be alright as a back-up if the rechargeable one suddenly dies mid work, however this pen is very heavy with the battery inside and feels rather uncomfortable in comparison to the rechargeable pen which is extremely light and almost feels like a normal pen in your hands. As for packaging, I was a little amazed at the condition the box arrived in and almost refused to sign for it based on what I could see. The box itself was twice as big as necessary and had no protection inside to stop the product's box from sliding all over the place. The box it was delivered in had also been severely crushed. Despite this the product inside was still in working order and everything appears to be alright.
 Wi-Fi connection was not good.
 very difficult to put on without bubbles
 Well, I don't' know. It is a little confusing. For instance, it tells me there are cameras around, but it cannot find one of mine. It does find the older camera. Both are infrared. I do have to turn off my phone to keep from baffling the detector. Its still better than nothing in hotels, cabins. It seems to think all cell phones are hidden cameras, which of course they are, but that just confused things. I also found free phone apps that pretty much do the same thing that this does. I think I will use them to augment each other when staying in hotels and cabins.
 Doorbell works well. Motion detection always triggers and phone is always alerted. Downside is that every time a bird or large insect flies by, or the wind blows a branch, it triggers the motion detection and alerts my phone. So, about 19 out of 20 times I get a motion detection alert on my phone, it's for one of those reasons and NOT because a person came nearby. So, it's decent, and even the two-way audio is OK, though the volume is really low. But it would be so much better if there were a way to adjust sensitivity or only have it trigger when object larger than a bird moved through the detection field of the unit.
 This camera has great picture quality even in the dark. I bought this to keep an eye on my daughter playing downstairs while I cook or clean upstairs. I liked this specific camera because I could communicate with her but there is such a long lag after I finish talking before there is audio again that I miss her response every time. I can see her mouth moving but there is no audio for 5-10 seconds. It's super annoying.
 The camera worked well, it seemed to always be very warm to the touch. It stopped coming on.
 So far, I have only tried the selfie stick. I used it on three dives and the strap broke on the third one. I had gotten used to using the strap, so even after noticing the strap was broken, I got absorbed in my dive and decided to let the selfie stick and brand new GoPro dangle. A few minutes later, I realized I had dropped the camera and my heart sunk. Fortunately the water was only 30 feet deep, and I was able to return to the spot and retrieve it. The selfie stick itself seems sturdy, but I would definitely be careful about using the strap underwater. I recommend replacing the strap with a more durable one.
 When I received my package it was beat up quite a bit. Made me nervous, but nothing seemed broken, just worries me that they were rough with handling it. Fairly simple to put together! My phone doesn’t seem to fit in the phone holder though. It slips out.
 None of the 8 pictures really turned out that great, not sure if it’s user error but all my other polaroid pictures look fine
 Chest strap had two stitches on one side, both of which came undone when we tried to use the strap. No directions on how to use any of the pieces. You need to put puzzle skills to use to use it. We won't be bothered. Was hoping it would be a better kit. Maybe a 4 star rating kit? Its more of a two.
 The camera did not screw on tight enough so it was wobbly. Had to improvise the get it tight enough.
 Okay if you like a high pitch wine!!! Had to return as the noise was quiet annoying.
 It is ok. Not great. The quality seems lacking but for the price you can not beat it
 This thing is great for the price. The instructions were poorly translated, brief but managable. Once its set up, it works nice. The response to camera move is smooth and easy to learn. Some of the functions had to be played with to understand, because its not covered in the instructions. Mine wont recognize the micro sd card I put in it but I haven’t taken the time to try another. I’ve formatted it twice and it’s still undetected. That means I cant do any recording at this time other than the manual mode that saved to your phone as you watch it
 This is a decent light for personal use. The cons the stand is flimsy and there isnt a connection to hold the cellphone one the light
 I ordered it on November 1 2017 But I never installed it because I'm a full time student and didn't had time. Yesterday I had some problem with my neighbor so I decided to install it. Now when I tooked the camera outside the box I noticed that the antenna is not even connected to the unit itself. Super disappointed.
 I mean it does its job. It's quite snug though.... I would rec to look at other options before choosing this but if you like the aesthetic then go for it.
 I have 2 of these flashes, both for Sony. The flash units themselves have lots of great features including a long lasting battery pack, quick recycle time, and wireless features. I would recommend these only to those that have experience with other name brand flashes or have the patience to watch lots of videos on youtube to figure out all the features. The manual, website of Godox, and customer support provide very little. ( to non Chinese speakers at least) I have tried to contact support via email several times with no response after a few weeks, and the phone support list only international numbers - no toll free numbers. While this is an extremely good value, be prepared to be frustrated for a little while.
 Not as easy to operate.
 Hi, I am loving the drone and it's features. However, one of the batteries that came with the drone is not charging. How can I have that sorted out?
 Very poor documentation (FYI - the button on the side enables/disables the sensor). Had to find and install custom device handler for Smartthings hub. The mount has very limited angle range. If you can get past all of that, it works fine.
 I'm not sure why they went with the diagonal corners, but the result is that everything is more cramped than it should be for the size of the rig. Construction? Materials? I think it's just okay. Major concerns? The bottom mount is a bit less secure than it needs to be to carry any amount of weight. Am I rating it three stars for the poor layout or for the fiddly base connector that doesn't like to be snug? Mentally, I'd detract two stars for either of these issues - but it didn't seem fair to score it any lower - and frankly - my problem that I find the anchors poorly spaced. I'm only mentioning this so anyone interested in this takes the time to measure down to the quarter inch. In the end, I'm only critiquing it being too wobbly and not wanting to stay tightened. The "bonus gifts" were a nice touch, but the clamp is too weak to use for anything serious. Maybe 3x5 cards or a small paper notebook? Only exaggerating slightly. Don't trust the free clamp. Just don't.
 It’s okay but for 77mm filters, not enough. I thought it could accommodate the filters better.
 I have not received my refund from this produce
 The instructions were no good still having trouble completing everything.
 Good color Choices. Not very sticky. I had to use a glue stick to make it stick. The clips are okay.
 I would recommend this bag for smaller cameras. It was not able to fit my A7III and Tamron lens attached to the body. It could fit if I would detach the lens from the body. The bag is somewhat padded. It is also a little bit wider than expected. My A6000 fits the bag ok with a 35mm prime lens. I would not trust this being waterproof.
 good looking but not the best quality. hard to install because the threads are so small. Fell on the floor once and it chipped.
 This is the only battery that will maintain a charge, but it is expensive. Off-market brands do not work well at all.
 The rubber lens hood does not fit properly.
 Have not used it because it is a birthday present for someone.
 the body cap on my sample was fairly flimsy. seems like it could have small pieces of plastic fall inside the camera . The rear lens cap seems better quality.
 Programming is in a language I cant read and my phone couldn't translate which was super weird
 Will not work on cell phone
 Cute and nice with the exception that the front flap does not stay down. A button, velcro, or closure of some kind would have made it 5 star
 Pros: Camera is discreet and has pretty decent picture quality. Cons: Camera was difficult to get connected to my phone. Once I finally got it connected, it took a lot of trial and error to get it working. Since the camera has to be plugged into an outlet, and most outlets are at ground level, you can only see people's feet on the video. We have been looking for a camera for awhile now, so I wanted to love this one, but it's just not what i had expected.
 Cheaply made as others have stated but still a decent value for what you pay. The carry bag had a large slice on it from somebody opening the box prior to it arriving which was pretty disappointing but I don't plan to travel with it often so I'll live with it.
 I had to return it as it poses risk of falling to my camera.
 Love the style, and it's function, however there is a lot of white noise when listening/ viewing live , and when you zoom in......the pixels get distorted, I was unable to read license plate of vehicle that came to house stop in front of garage for 20 seconds then left,
 They're a little cheap. Sometimes they get stuck on the lens, and other times they fall off. I really wanted the little string that attaches them to the camera, but I wish I'd gone with actual Canon lens caps and done without the tether. You want to know the cap will stay on inside your bag and come off when you're ready for a photo, and you can't always count on these to do that.
 I was looking for a flip frame as a gift and when I received this one I was not impressed by the quality of the silver part of the frame, which looks cheap. I have a 2 flip frames that where given to me and made so much better. But, I am keeping this one because it will hold the pictures. Next time I will review more thoroughly before buying.
 The heads of the mounting screws it came with were disintegrated by my electric driver -- so I instead used the nest ones. Also, as others (I think) have mentioned -- the plastic washer to tighten the angle of the mount in place is indeed plastic. It keeps coming loose when hand tightened, and is at risk of breaking if a tool is used. Otherwise... it does as advertised. Some better positional locking mechanisms along with some higher quality components would be appreciated and worth more money.
 After finally getting the camera system installed I was pretty happy with the cameras and DVR, HOWEVER when I could not get the remote viewing set up on my phone and computer I attempted to contact Zosi Tech services. Apparently there is no way to communicate with them by phone, you can only e-mail or messenger them on FB Messenger. I have been waiting two days for a response on e-mail and tried the chat option and gave up when I did not get a response for over an hour. Its very frustrating when your trying to address an issue and you can not communicate with the company. Think I am going to send it back.
 Gave it three stars since it arrived early ... but it’s missing parts and instructions and the back drops are super thin with wrinkles.. I haven’t test out the lights yet
 Very stiff and less than a month in, the glue started coming out of the joints.
 This drone has a descent camera for some things but not the best. The drone handles wind well but flight times are not very long. There are camera upgrades available but the weight of the X5 camera causes a reduction in the already limited flight time. I bought this for my business but regret making the purchase. Do your homework before buying. The X3 camera is basically the same camera as on the Phantom 3 Standard. X5 camera is good but too heavy. Not sure if I will keep this drone or try to get some money back out of it by selling it. I do like DJI drones and find the flight characteristics very pleasing but the camera sensor size and flight times are just not as good as I need for my business.
 Works just fine. I purchased this as a gift to a woman that is having problems with a smart but creepy ex boyfriend.
 color was nice, one side of the buckle strap infront was not aligned well.
 It fits well and has access for the memory chip that is easy to reach. The outside cover of the lens is poorly designed because in order to use the camera you have to remove the entire leather wrap, which blocks both the lens and the viewer. That means when you are carrying the camera to actively take pictures, either you have to find a place to put the leather cover somewhere or simply don't bring it on the hike with you. Neither are ideal. There is no way to have it still attached but out of the way.
 I’m not a hard guy to please but just seems like it could have been build much better. I wound up buying another one from another company and I’ll keep it but will he got a back up collecting dust in a box. Good idea just a swing and a miss on quality.
 Disappointed it did not have the FILM in it for that price
 It was difficult to set up and it had no Wi-Fi
 One of the propellers was a little clumsy
 It’s definately helpful and amazing for $35. It has great picture quality and always notifies my device when motion is detected. Another really cool thing is that it works even out of country. Currently across the world from the camera and I’m still able to check live video of my home. The only problem is that connection is usually weak, kind of a hit or miss. Sometimes it works and sometimes it won’t load even with full bars of WiFi. The mic also only works sometimes, as well as turning on sound. But overall a good product.
 The wood looks amazing but some fat lenses make the grip of the camera to be little too small even for small finger
 Wish they would have sent compatible products. The remote doesn't work since there's no IR on camera and the wide lens they sent shows in the pictures. The camera and bag is great, the memory cards are necessary and the tripod is convenient.
 Easy to setup and happy with performance, but cost is seemingly high compared to similar cameras that released shortly after.
 Sturdy and extremely well made. Well designed access to battery and flash card, but no openings for terminal interfaces and hdmi output. Also no opening for a tripod mount. That one should've been so obvious that it had to be determined not a good idea. Don't know why, but if you use a tripod or regularly charge your battery through the micro-USB terminal, then this accessory is not for you.
 We have a very agitated German Shepherd and gave Calming Bites a try. They took a bit of the edge off which is an improvement in behavior for our dog. However, it gave her a bad case of diarrhea. We were hoping it was something else, and took her off the medication for a couple of weeks, but once we started back up, so did the diarrhea.
 After one night outside the color went out. I ordered a camera for inside and it works great. Not sure if the cover didn't protect the camera or if it's a camera issue.
 Sometimes the pictures show, sometimes they don’t. It’s hard to pay the high price for this film when only 1/2 of them show up.
 It doesn't come with the wires or cables as in the photo. But the microphone is good. Was just disappointed in the missing items
 A bit tricky to get the air to blow out only the tip and the pressure as a result it a bit on the low side.
 I got the batteries but they didnt work in my original t6 charger, idk what to give the product because I never really got a chance to use it. Hopefully they could get in touch with me.
 Love that this device can connect to any Tripod. Easy to take on and off! However one of the holder pieces on the iPad mount broke off the first time I tried to use it. Hopefully the phone mount will last longer.
 I thought I would be able to use these for photography placed over my light sources, these proved to be to weak for my photography lights.
 PROS: Gets the job done on the cheap if you’re doing photography. I like the quick detach mechanism, the grip, and the leveling bumble. Aluminum and plastic. A good deal for the price. CONS: If you at shooting video, Do not bother with these! If you intend to shoot video where you need to pan the shot to the sides, the swivel heads on these tripods are horrible because they produce chatter in the side to side motion. It is just not smooth. I got a horrible chatter / vibration in my video. Also, if you will be shooting around people, it’s so lightweight that a small touch can shake the whole stand. Not good for video.
 Video quality is not very good.
 I find it difficult to move the camera so I can view the entire room. I have not noticed that it "responds" to movement. Perhaps the instructions are too vague.
 It is not the best but it does the job
 They lasted for about a year and then began swelling. One no longer fits in camera. On the other hand they lasted a year so for the price they may be worth it
 Works ok. If you don't have a direct ip it doesn't look like you can get the off site viewing to work.
 Works well but lacks sturdiness. Nice and light though.
 The monopod is not as light as I thought it would be since it's carbon fiber.
 This shaper has three clasps in the crotch. It’s wonderful to have a way to pee without having to remove the whole garment. However, the area were the clasps are dug into my skin and caused so much pain. I tried unfastening the outside clasps, and it relieved some of the discomfort but not all. I read that someone else said it was like a swim suit. I think I agree. It smoothed out some of my lumps but not all
 Looked used when coming out of box still had water(?) Coming out of different nozzles and container didn't seem like it steamed hot enough over disappointed
 Pictures skip too much.
 I decided not to use them as I don't want to advertise that I have a security system.
 It works as advertised but the quality of pictures could be better. For the cost it is a great buy.
 While the live feed is good . It very hard and not convenient to watch the recording
 The video recorded by this unit is very good but sometimes and frequently video and audio are out of sync with each other, sometimes by a day. Random... Unknown problem and solution to the fix.
 This battery struggles in the cold weather. Charge doesn't last very long. I definitely only use this as an emergency backup to my oem battery.
 Item was not sealed and was missing parts
 My 11 years old son ordered it. Too complicated to use it.
 I had two issues while starting to set up this system. The first issue which I could have lived with was the small screw that connects the stand with the NVR/screen broke off when I was screwing it in, so the stand was no longer secured. Still functional and the screen would still sit up/rest on the stand but it was not secured by the screw. Since the screw broke off I could no longer remove the broken piece of the screw. The screw was very thin and it seemed to be made of very cheap metal, almost like a hard plastic. Very minor issue but a little annoying. Thankfully I hooked up the cameras before actually wiring through the attic because 2 of the longer wires did not function. I made sure they were plugged in properly but would get no signal. The cameras were not the issue because I switched the cameras that were not producing a picture onto wires with cameras that were producing a picture and was able to get a picture. I then switched the picture producing combos onto the NVR/screen ports that were not producing a picture with the faulty wires and was able to get a picture, so ports were not the issue either. After examining the faulty wires I did notice that the zip ties I had removed had possibly damaged the wires. They have been tied so tight that it removed the coating on the wires and I could see the wiring under the coat. I'm not sure if this was the issue but did notice it on both wires that did not work. With that said I was pleased with the quality of the picture. The NVR/screen seemed very nice as did the cameras. I contacted amazon and told the rep I was willing to keep the system as long as they could replace the 2 faulty wires. I was told since this was sold through amazon, but not by amazon they could not do that and I would have to send back the whole system. I did. I wasted a few hours and had to deal with the hassle of sending the whole thing back, now waiting for my refund before I decide if I want to give this system a 2nd shot. If not for the wires I think I would have been very happy with this system but its hard to say as I did not get to fully set it up and test it. I have to question the quality based on the cheap screw and delicate wires, though the rest (and honestly most important parts: cameras and NVR) did seem to be good quality, looked good and produced a good picture. One other minor thing for those wanting a white camera to blend in with your house these are more of a silver color. I really wanted these to work out and was willing to keep them so pretty disappointed this happened.
 It was a really nice present and worked well at first but sadly I hear that it’s hard to turn on and off and that the frame doesn’t respond as it should. But it looks nice and everyone loves everything else about it.
 This was a gift. It didn't fit my phone but it was a decent price so I gave it as a gift.
 Does work. Not the best made. Can't complain for the money. Made buy a better quality camera holder. With that being said this strap does work and will hold your camera.
 I had trouble connecting the camera to my wifi. Could not monitor the camera while away from home.
 battery life is horrible. hope the rechargeable are better or product is basically garbage as it costs 45 bucks just for batteries for this unit
 Build quality seems decent but was surprised the drop screens do NOT fit the carry bag or have any kind of storage or carry bag of their own. You need a tote bag for the drop screens to keep them clean and handy.
 2.5 actually. May be I am doing something wrong, but the flash works great when connected to the camera directly. The wireless system does not transfer the data. It just flashes without the TTL functionality. Hence it works mostly like a slave flash. Along with this the shipment was delivered with the bag zip broken rendering the diffuser compartment of the bag useless.
 OK Strap. Just not for me. Too much for an SLR to practically carry. Would be a good option for just in case it slips out of your hand Guess.
 Its heavy but well protects my 13 inch laptop and my camera gear. One zipper is stuck on a small pocket from some interior fabric, so quality control is a bit of a issue. Still for what I needed it for its good. Fit under a airline seat, or up in the rack above. But its heavy. and not much room in it once the camera and lens are in it.
 I'm not to happy with video quality. I've owned it 1 year. During the day it's fine. At night not so much. The settings either send an alarm at everything even tree shadows or dont pick up anything. I'm going to upgrade to something better. It's a good budget system, but if you need really want to be able to see a plate or a face I'd pick something better.
 I wanted a standard, affordable camera for vlogging purposes and was surprised by the reviews on this camera, so I decided to go for it. I am definitely a newbie when it comes to filming and editing, but this camera is much worse than I expected. The video quality is grainy and the audio is quite muffled. It is TERRIBLE in low-lighting and incredibly shaky, even with a tripod. I'm pretty disappointed given all the positive reviews, but I guess you get what you pay for.
 Doesn’t work with Arlo pro 2. Can’t adjust once you mounted in wall with charger.
 I returned the camera because the removable cover was broken. I will say the quality of the camera was good. It wasn’t great but decent for a small device. I did dislike that the camera would disconnect and would remain offline making hard to reconnect.
 Fairly sturdy, I can place items on the plexiglass to photograph. Needs something under it though, it is very short and doesn't adjust. You will need to put it on a table or box to get straight on shots.
 Like: Soft pad, ability to use tripod without removing this strap, secure attachments, ability to use with the quick neck strap. Dislike: Bad odor, soft pad makes my hand sweat and not comfortable for indoor and summer use, it makes my hand hot! Metal plate is good, however, it is added quite significant weight to the camera. Metal plate cannot be firmly secured, does not matter how hard I tried, it rotates. Generally average strap. May be good for cold winter time, but definitely not usable in hot environment. Chinese made and not natural leather.
 I watched some reviews. Maybe I have to break down my A7III but otherwise it fits a assembled A7III and a Sigma 24MM lens. Can't get anything else unless very small to fit. Tried to add a Godox Flash but it couldn't fit in the bag after the camera and lens.
 Worked great for about 2 months of filming on the weekends. Then as extending the last leg on one of the feet, it came apart. You get what you pay for. Worth $12.99
 in the day time they are fine and I have 3 of these. but you have to find just the right spot to put it. not much rotation once you secure it down. one of mine is in a window with a screen in it. and its video quality through a screen is horrible. It only takes a small clip of what it is. I pick up lights so far away it makes it take a small click of that frame. and when it gets closer it doesn't come back up and video when That car actually get's close to the house. I put a small memory card in it and there is still not any more run time on the objects once it picks it up far away. I have seen people walking down the street then it shuts off the clip and when they get closer to the house I have no idea if it's for here or not. because it doesn't come back up.
 Had problems placing battery into compartment. Eventually worked. Poor instructions and poor design of battery housing. The laser worked and my telescope is aligned.
 It works. that's all you need to know.
 It's expensive for the design and quality of Camara
 I liked it very much. Easy to stick & easy to pull back up, until everyone walked on it, while moving into new home. When finished, I went to pull it up and it pulled up the carpet everywhere so much that there was so much air between the the carpet and the floor underneath it and also loosened some pile, damaging a few areas of the carpet. I will not purchase that brand again. There's your review that you requested.
 Works well to charge batteries, but it definitely is not a rapid charge. Takes 5 or more hours to charge one battery
 This seemed like a great deal and is, BUT, if you can't access the router to initially set it up then it's useless. I bought this to place in a storage unit I rent and it set it up at home first no problem. The problem is that you need to plug it into your router first and it works great. When I took it to the storage locker, I couldn't set it up as I can't get access to the companies router and it can't be set up just over the wifi so i had to return it.
 work okay as binoculars, couldn't get the camera function to work with the memory card.
 We bought this primarily because of its cloud functionality, specifically the ability to send push notifications over LTE or Wi-Fi. We already had a more traditional baby monitor but the layout of our new house made it important to be able to use the monitor when outside of RF (radio) range. For example, I wanted to be able to go mow the lawn while the baby was napping, or walk across the street to the neighbor's house after bed time, and have my phone alert me if the baby woke up. At its core, this product works great - but it has a fatal flaw that is specific to the Arlo iOS app. This also affects Arlo's home security camera products. The big problem (and it's a big one) is the notification method on the app: When there is an alert sent to the app (baby crying, robber trying to steal your car, etc.), the alert tone is not configurable and can only use the default message tone (usually a quiet "chime"). There is no way to select a loud/annoying alert tone, override the phone volume, activate the vibration, etc. In practice this means you will not hear the tone if you're sleeping, or even if your phone is in your pocket - unless you set the tone to something else and always keep the volume on. Which means you'll get the same tone when you get a Facebook message, or any other app notification. Many similar iOS apps allow you to choose a custom alert tone (say a loud "siren" sound), configure the vibration settings (so you can "feel" the alert in your pocket), override the phone's volume settings (say you turned the ringer switch off and forgot), and otherwise allow you to make the alert sufficiently loud to get your attention. So this is not an Apple problem, this is 100% a NetGear problem. And it is a huge problem. If a thief is breaking into your car at 3 AM, the Arlo cameras will detect it and send a single, quiet, almost-inaudible "chime" to your phone, which will not wake you up and you will never know until it's too late. This is a major problem for a security system. Users have been requesting this be fixed for almost 5 years and NetGear has not added this relatively simple feature. As a bonus annoyance, it's available on the Android version of the Arlo app, so they obviously know it's important - they just can't be bothered to implement it on iOS. Or perhaps they fired their good iOS developers, or maybe they simply don't care about iPhone users. Whatever the reason, it is a major MAJOR shortcoming for a security product that renders the whole thing almost useless in practice - and despite hundreds of complaints they don't seem interested in fixing it. There are a couple other minor annoyances in the app design but overall this is a solid and well-designed product that is effectively crippled by a simple problem they refuse to fix (but only for Apple users). So if you're an iPhone user, I strongly recommend doing your research before choosing a product. I hope this helps someone avoid the same mistake I made.
 Not what I expected but overall it is a good product just not what I personally needed and wish I would have spent more for higher quailty images.
 Good product but it sheds a lot so be prepared for clean during set up at your event. Very pretty
 If you're paying under $40.00 for a digital camera then expect minimal performance. I thought the technology had advanced so much that all digital cameras were now cheap and work really well. This camera took blurry grainy pictures that were not very sharp. I played with the settings and still feel that my pictures were substandard. My suggestion would be to pass on this one and pay more for a better camera.
 I have a great camera so that helped but the background is just so small.
 I like this background, however the area where is supposed to be lighted is not as nice as in the picture. Otherwise okay.
 As many said, here is the truth about this camera: So after one camera crapped out, and would no longer connect to the network, I received a replacement from customer support which worked fine. The software on the wireless version of the SV3C cameras is slightly better featured than the one on their wired (PoE) version. it still misses the mark and is no substitute for a full features package like Blue Iris for example. Configuration is not simple if you use the web interface. Some features are buried deep. Like SD card management for example. Also, you may need to reset the camera once or twice before a change takes. Even though it is wireless, the camera comes with an odd looking attached dongle that has 3 connectors: power, Ethernet, and a reset switch! Altogether, I don't like it, and I wish I had gone with another brand.
 The video out via usb is not working. I still have to determine which part is defective: the cable or camera itself. Video recording quality is acceptable. The mounting bracket with swivel function is very flimsy. Nee to make another plan to have a stable mount.
 Not very sturdy even with small cameras
 its loud but I really think it should be more I think it will get people's attention, that's what counts
 I like the lens. I just don't like that it isn't a very good lens for low lighting situations. Photographing weddings can be very difficult with this lens if there is not enough light.
 Great concept, however it fits loose around the speaker and camera. As you can see by the picture the silicone skins can be seen trough the camera.
 I bought this to go skiing with. As soon as I took it out of the box and loaded the camera in it, the clasp cracked. It is made of very weak plastic and if the seal is not 100% closed, it breaks, as opposed to closing the seal. However, it worked even with a broken clasp for the remainder of the weekend. The image quality out of it wasn't great but it was better than crashing and damaging or soaking the camera and it was still usable.
 I got this item in time for my birthday and was very pleased with the pictures that was taken. Love it. So I will be using it to take my family Christmas pictures aswell.
 I was looking for a reasonably priced door alert (not alarm) and this was worth a shot. It’s easy to set up, easy to install. App works well. I’ll update my review if something changes.
 You get so allot of accessories that you must likely will never use.
 Use batteries often. Works well. Good battery life. Longest use for me 3 hour recital. Wish I had 2 chargers to charge both batteries at the same time.
 This Items is advertised as having a carrying handle and it does not. It also states it comes with 4 background colors mine came with 3 it is missing the grey background. The light must be plugged in to a wall power source which is also kind of a bummer because you will need multiple extension cords to make it work.
 Not bad for the money. Works as it should. Not the sturdiest though.
 Easy to use , but quality of photos are poor. Either to light , to dark, or blurry?
 Works as intended during daylight, but it has a small area of night vision so it’s hard to position. You can miss the trail very easily. It is also very hard to attach the strap to any size tree. Plan on changing the strap or attachment method to something easier. I would have given it another star if it were easier to attach.
 the price is right but have had to saw a few these apart since the salt water makes them sieze up on the bolt build up. Wish they charged more for better quality larger bolt.
 The cover is well made and easy to install. Instructions are clear and all parts were present. The big problem is there is no way to reset the camera with the cover in. To insert the pin and go into pairing mode you have to remove the 4 screws and take the cover off. This makes no sense as I have to re-pair my cameras every month or so due to network changes.
 It's ok for what I do with it, it takes some getting used to. Remember, you get what you pay for.
 I bought this camera after reading reviews, when I received it I saw that it was the exact camera I alredy owned, the only difference was the name on it. They all say to use alkaline batteries, if you do and it gets cold, the camera will not work, the batteries go dead in a few hours.
 Decent product for the price, but the lighting is rather dim.
 Originally these worked great. They had a shorter charge hold than the original Nikon battery but they did the job as backups. However one of the batteries stopped working entirely (won't charge) about a year and a half after I got them. Maybe look to another set if you want something longer lasting.
 There's missing memory card in the delivery
 First 3 didn't work at all
 They sent me nearly expired film “best if used by” date was one month later... upset
 couldn't see much difference in magnification levels
 It’s cheap lol so I didn’t expect a lot. I haven’t taken it outside so idk about weather factors but it does the job inside. The handle did break off of it while I was carrying it though lol, I’m not too worried about it because again, it’s cheap. It still works so if you’re balling on a budget, go for it
 About the worst app (God only knows which is the correct one) in the World. You take a snapshot, where the hell does it go? The motion sensing brings back nothing when you go to view it. Viewing the regular recording is difficult at best. It’s desperately needs some quick 15 seconds forward/backwards buttons. Unless the app owner responds to my emails and gets this thing working the way any good camera should it will go back. Im glad I hung it temporarily and haven’t put any holes in my siding. For potential buyers, either buy a name brand or wait til this Chinese wanna-be is ready for prime time. I’ll wait a week or two and edit this review if the seller can make it good with some app updates. UPDATE: It loses 1 star. I uploaded a picture of the night vision. No words are necessary. UPDATE: Added two stars for customer service. They really want to make you happy with the purchase.
 We bought this camcorder with the intent to record birds in flight as well as stills. It didn’t work out as expected. The imagery was fuzzy, hard to get a good shard image most of the time when attempting to track birds in flight. Only slightly better when perched on a limb. One good aspect is that Amazon worked a easy return. We have since had succes with the Nikon P1000
 The product is constructed well, and comes with a lot of parts... The suction mount is strong and you can rotate the assembly to allow for alignment... It comes with no instructions at all, not even a picture... So you must figure out what goes best with what on your own... :/ Overall the product is ok. GoPro is not known for including any kind of comprehensive instructions, not even with their cameras. But, for me no instructions...no stars!!! I would recommend this product..
 I've often bought after market lens hoods because Canon wants must too much for theirs, and mostly they have worked fine. That said, this one isn't so great. Looks great and fits fine, but doesn't lock into place. This makes it easy to rotate and cause vignetting or fall off and get lost. I'll be returning it.
 It doesnt work as good as i hoped for...
 My iPhone 7 plus kid of flops over bc its too heavy. the joint that allows you to adjust the view and hold the iPhone still is like a really cheap material. It works but I wouldn't recommend it.
 I managed to lose my GoPro, and didn’t want to spend another 250$ for another one, so I saw this. I saw it had Sony guts to it, and I love Sony Cameras. This was okay, the battery dies fast, the sound isn’t good. Quality was scratchy, not bad if you want a fun little camera to enjoy. Don’t expect GoPro Qulity then.
 The features are all nice, but the "reversible lockable center" doesn't lock. So the only way for me to change the height of the tripod is by changing each leg. When I try to lock the center, it just slides back down. Really disappointed.
 Pictures are iffy. Either you get lucky or you don't. Disappointing
 I really do like this thing. Works well, easy to set up, etc. Only thing I don't like is the battery dies way to fast. I use it as a dash cam in my car right now. I only turn it on while I drive. I work 10 minutes from my house and normally light traffic. With that said the battery seems to only be good for about a day or two before it dies. Now mind you I again only turn it on when I drive back and forth from work and also when I go to lunch. So it's on for about a total of 40 minutes a day. Seems to me the battery should last longer than it does. Nice that it does come with two batteries. 4k video isn't all that clear and what I would expect for 4k. All in all I give this a 3. Would give it a higher mark (4-5) if the batteries last longer.
 I was excited to receive this lens as I thought I would be able to get some better zoom quality photos versus using my digital zoom. I was greatly disappointed when the 12x lens didn't work at all. It would not zoom or focus on anything no matter how hard I tried. The wide angle lens and the fisheye worked well on the other hand. The clips that you attach the lenses to don't stay in place at all even though they seem fairly tight, any bit of force (or weight from the big lens) will make them move enough and defeat the purpose and have to reset everything. Also, upon inserting one of the lenses into the clip. it didn't thread in correctly and cross-threaded so bad it wont even work anymore because the threads are plastic all around and very weak. The best part of it that I enjoyed is the wireless clicker. Setup is very easy and it works like a charm. I will definitely be using it for future photos and videos along with the little tripod. The tripod grips the phone very well so it wont go anywhere and the legs have good grip for various surfaces. If your looking for a camera lens kit with good lens quality, don't go with this. I am glad the tripod and the clicker work, but it would have been great if the lenses and the threading on the clips were better made.
 I would give 5 stars but I paid extra to get a controller with it and the controller spring inside for the battery broke from taking out a battery. Please contract me to receive another one or what we can do cause it wasn’t worth the extra money as of right now. So I was able to solder the spring back in and worked but will not connect to the body. I have a a6000 and I tired everything to get it to work. Found a video on YouTube explaining how to do it and my remote won’t even show the green light when first turning it in and trying to set the channel to sync it. Please send me a new remote or hep me Figure out how to connect it.
 Best Digital Picture Frame on The Market if you hang it horizontal. The pixels are actually angled up, meaning viewing straight on or above is great. However if you rotate it vertically, the left side (vertically) which used to be the bottom (horizontally) has almost zero viewing angle. So buy this frame if you want to mount it horizontally, but if you want to mount it vertically look for something else. That being said, the setup is awesome, the Wifi is awesome, the online app is awesome, and everything (else) about this frame is awesome. So a Five-star product if mounted Horizontally and a One-star product if mounted Vertically (hence my average of 3 star rating). For those of you interested in a vertically mounted frame, I Nixplay has other frames with wider viewing angles...but at the time of this review none of those frames are as large as this one.
 Weatherproof should not be in the description of this item. This is only a skin. The entire bottom of the camera is completely exposed.
 Works fine, but there were no directions
 I like the image itself, the material is sturdy, however creases are terrible, didn't have the time or know how to remove them, colors aren't as rich as picture.
 This was a good buy but stained easily. A water stain would stay printed on it. Cute for one use only.
 This bag is not really useful unless you just want to keep the really tiny things that get lost (connectors, not larger cords) The side pockets are maybe big enough for a small lens/cap, and the zippered pouch inside is mesh, which is nice for see through, but you cannot put the camcorder, small wide angle lens and the battery in one piece comfortably in the main compartment and the divider almost gets in the way. I would buy a larger bag with real side pouches and be sure to measure your camcorder with battery if you want to be able to put it away quickly without separating it into parts before you move on. Personally, I want to be able to get it all in one piece and in a hurry.
 Very good as monocular, bad for use with phones. The focal lens don’t work with my Honor 8 and my iPhone 7. In both cases the camera can’t get the image. I think the problem is the system for fixing the phone
 Battery life is not as long as the factory battery, but they're good to have in a pinch.
 I received the product today and was somewhat disappointed when I saw the scratches on both the front of the camera side and on the steel base. It seems like this unit had been used by someone before me. I was able to set up the software on my iPhone and could view the video and was able to connect to the bluetooth. I have yet to get the software downloaded onto my grandson's kindle (android app) but will continue to try since this is a Christmas present for him. Would appreciate getting a "New" unit however and the means to return this one.
 Item works as needed. Only problem is one broke right away as I was placing it on a lens. Be careful when you pull the elastic.
 It's supposed to be a little more difficult to activate this thing. Not once have I had to use it, but I've had it accidentally pulled at least 8 times now.
 I think this set up will work great however as I was unpacking it all one piece fell out and bruised my foot. The like piece won't come out of the other tube... and I cannot figure out to contact for a replacement piece.
 Not impressed compared to other sport cameras. Low light is grainy and the video resolution does not have 1080p at 60fps as advertised. The video format is AVI and not MP4 as also advertised.
 Honestly, this device looks like a toy. There is really limited options you can do on the device. The touch screen is poor and the picture quality taken from the camera itself is useless. Only thing I liked about it is print quality of pictures I took from my phone and printed it. Maybe I expected too much. But I guess they have to improve a lot to make it a better instant camera.
 This product is amazing! Once you take a socket wrench to it to tighten all the bolts on the light stands. All of them were laughably loose on mine, resulting in a backdrop failure and damage. So this is a 3 out 5 star for me because that was not a cheap backdrop and all parts should come properly tightened.... You'd think. Since I am using this as something I won't be messing with too much, that's all I reccomend it for. Tighten the cramp out of the screws and bolts and just leave it and it works great. The tabs are now really hard to fully put in place now with how I have them tightened. I think of you take it down and adjust it a lot you may come into the issue of things coming loose again.
 Mounts were made with cheap metal and plastic, don’t expect the same quality as Arlo.
 Cute but to small for pictures.
 The power button broke for the actual monitor/screen, so we had to keep it ON non stop and not let battery die....or we won’t be able to turn it back on again. Bummer, our window for returns was already closed since it’s been 30 days. I just wish if I can replace the monitor on/off button somehow...
 Eats batteries. Pictures are good.
 The carry case came dirty. I thought I was purchasing a new item, but this appears to be used.
 So I bought this Oct 2017 and have been using it for my makeup gigs. The light itself is nice and bright but if you leave it on for a while and shut if off, it will need to cool down before you can turn it back on. Now I have had it for about 1.5 years and I turned it on just to find that it will turn on for a second and right off. I checked all the connections and swapped the fuse. Still not turning on and staying on....What the heck??? I don't know if I should buy another bulb and replace or just buy another ring light...
 u cants the videos easily still quiet don't know how to use and l have had it for about 2 month now but over all good
 The batteries work great, but the charger simply does not work or charge, which is highly disappointing.
 I love the ease of printing my own photos, but the cartridge and paper are expensive compared to getting prints at a local store.
 doesn't have the range promised. Works pretty well, though.
 works well. used it with my cell phone and functions as it should. wanted to use it with my tablet but was unable to configure it. maybe with a bit more work I could get it to work.overall a good scope for the money
 My wife loves it, So I love it too 😋...
 Very easy to install. The only challenge was linking to my wireless. When they say place the camera near the router they mean very near. I had the camera in the same room and couldn’t make that initial connection, until I placed it inches away. After that the wireless connection was fine anywhere in my home. Great product, no monthly fees.
 I did not like the white ring on the outside.
 Great size...good for a quick spot
 Using for small remote I keep outdoors. Waterproof, but I do have a condensation build up inside on occasion.
 Purchase these screen protectors with the camera. They were packaged nicely and easy to apply. They seem well made and should work.
 It was easy to setup even without a manual. It has a clear picture both night and day. The only negative things I have to say is that I wish the movement was in smaller increments and the two-way audio was a little louder. Even though I only gave it 4 stars I like it enough to buy another one.
 It seems that when you are rigging things, you always need something else. This was it.....Great!
 As long as you have a really good WiFi connection, it works well. High quality picture during the day and about 5 feet of high visibility at night. Major draw back is trying to save a clip. I needed several minutes of recorded video for court and every time I set the clip up with the time I needed, it automatically went back by two minutes and recorded one of those minutes instead. I tried repeatedly and could not get the video I needed to save. Somewhat defeats the purpose of having it.
 Well built item that seems very durable. Holds cards as it should. I haven't tested its waterproof~ness but I'm sure it's at least water resistant.
 I love this tripod. I havent used it yet, but it looks like its a quality product. So the tripod comes with many attachments. I purchased it to record self videos and with it i can use my phone, tablet, and camera to do that. I also got it to watch netflix or other streams by just propping it near the bed. I opened it up, checked all features including bluetooth, which connects quickly, seems worth the money. Its not as tall if u dont use the portion that bends, but besides that, its nice. I would buy it again.
 Overall, I'm very pleased. Excellent value for the cost. Easy setup, Exceptional video quality, I'm a bit disappointed with the audio clarity.
 Not like the box matters as long as the items inside are there but the box was torn completely apart, other than that it is great!
 I wish it were a bit larger.
 Love my T6i I enjoy it very much. The accessories that came with it are super cheap but still functional.
 Good addition to the equipment pile. Nicely made and ideal size for may situations.
 I would highly recommend this product.Nice and loud sound, and easy to operate.
 Maybe it is the case with all these shutter releases, but they seem to come unscrewed fairly easily and fall off. That said, they are well built and comfortable to use. No sharp edges and they add a little bling to the camera.
 Larger than expected, difficult if right handed but manageable.
 Purchased for my daughter for Christmas. She is an amateur photographer. She loves the bag and it keeps all of her lenses and camera paraphernalia well organized and handy.
 Smaller than I realized it would be but my art students love it.
 Good quality, view is unique. Very good if you use eye glasses. Very good eye relief distance with a Celestron C8 SCT
 The top is removable which i dislike but all together a great piece !
 Bought if to take photos and vedio is to my son, works good, just be careful when you take off you phones, that might bite you finger.
 Product does exactly what it says. I would have hoped for something a little bit more stronger but they do what is advertised and I am satisfied
 This is much bigger than I had anticipated. Exactly what I hoped for. It's a tad heavy but the weight is nothing to shout about. The only issue that I have with this, is that it did NOT come with the alen wrench that is necessary to adjust the mounts. Really a big bummer.
 I have a Pixel 3a with a Spigen Tough Armor case, and I have to remove the case to use the clamp. It doesn't open quite wide enough to fit. Other than that, the product is fine, it is stable, the fab thingy take pics and vids like it's supposed to, the legs can grab onto poles or stand up straight. It's a good product.
 Wrap is a little wider than others I've tried. Not as warm either. But this is a good product.
 Easy to swallow, smells like raspberry
 This is a great binoculars. The only problem I have is that the cover for the eyepiece won’t stay. It keeps on falling off because it’s loose. They should have made it the perfect size so it will stay.
 This fake camera has kept the premises safe from the 'bad hombres' coming in from the south... so satisfied it works... also have a S&W to deter anyone who does think its a good idea to cross that fence.
 1st one broke at key holder ring, so I bought another then just used the case (and new battery), was easier to swap the cases (and battery) than reprogram the alarm system to delete the old and add in this new one.
 havent used one of these since the Gary Fong Days. This item is just like it and performs as expected. I really like the straps to hold flashes in place. Provides a great diffused light.
 It seem like useless, I used it to find my iPad camera it doesn’t work. I’m not sure if I used it in correct way.
 Had a issue setting up the remote connection on my pc. Contacted through facebook and got it resolved in a matter of minutes.
 This works great for photographing the custom tumblers I sell. I only wish the backdrops had magnets to stay in place. There is a notch in the plastic, but it doesn't always hold. I use this product almost daily
 Works great. I stuck camera on top of fridge to watch my pup in his crate while I am gone.
 This camera works really well! It mounts nicely to my monitor and comes with a built in mic that works well enough for computer voice commands. The image quality that comes though isn't the greatest but, it's good enough for skype phone calls.
 Definitely cheap feeling, but it was inexpensive, so I can't complain too much.
 I think it should have the Bluetooth selfie button included
 The camera works very efficiently. There was some difficulty connecting to the camera from work whilst it was recording at home however the instructions manual helped fix this problem. Good quality and purchase overall!
 Purchased for my husband she he can watch deer and wildlife, cant wait to try it out.
 While battery-life of these batteries individually may not be any better than the battery that ships with your GoPro, this bundle definitely helps with longer usage of your GoPro before needing to return back to a wall outlet to charge up your batteries. The "multi-charger" definitely helps too, but it can only charge 2 batteries at once, even though it has room for 3.
 The camera itself is unique and was happy when i found the film for my camera. It was good.
 I would say it is prefect and could be compatible with ring,however it is not easy for assembling if you don't have an existing doorbell,you have to use a drill to make a hole on door and connect with wire.
 My wife was graduating from med school and I thought it would be a good idea to pick up this lens to take pictures for her graduation ( we also hired a Photographer). The problem is, the lens are a little difficult to adjust to some phones (I use an iPhone 8 plus) and is hard to use the portrait feature of smart phones with them. So, I returned the lens. However, the lens were of solid quality, they did what they were suppose to do and it's not the companies fault that they didn't work for my situation. That is why I gave them a 4 star review.
 Just what I ordered.
 Fast delivery and good quality part
 They work well. Wish they were softer though
 So far, so good. It takes a while to find the perfect center of gravity for a perfect balance but it’s perfect for a cell phone. I need more practice to see if a dale can handle the weight.
 These feel a little flimsy and don't really lock down on a light stand, but for the price you really can't complain.
 I'm a recreational user and for that use this scope is pretty good. Have taken it to my local park a couple of times and had fun learning how to use it. The phone mount is a bit fiddly but usable. Focusing at high zoom seems hit or miss. I’m guessing that it’s some combination of my old eyes and the phone camera trying to focus on the object image at the eyepiece. Need more time to sort that out. Probably could have spent a lot more $ but for me that was unnecessary. Excuse the focus in some of my images as it was my first time out using the scope and phone mount.
 lens cover was cracked on camera.
 Used this lens for many many years and it's a really good lens for everyday and even for travel when you don't want to take many lenses with you.
 I almost returned this! I thought it wasn't compatible with my Arlo but it ended up fine. However, we had to cut away some of the rubber on the end so it would fit into the Arlo plug. It wasn't quite reaching and it wouldn't charge. Once we did this, it was fine.
 Have not installed them yet. I will in the next 30 days. Ask again later .
 Right size, no holes. Fits snugly. Overall great product
 Small size and prints as expected n
 Camera is awesome. My son loved it. Only downside is requires batteries. Otherwise would give it 5 stars. Would love it to be recharable. But can always buy rechargeable batteries separately.
 We have had a few storms and they are protecting the cameras just fine
 Works well day and night. Good camera for the money.
 Love the bag, just wish it was about 2-3 inches bigger in width and length.
 Worked fine with my LG K20 phone once I installed the free app. Not exactly HD resolution but what can you expect for the price?
 Nifty little case that pairs nicely with the Polaroid Touch. Was a Christmas gift for the wife and she loves the color of the Purple! In my opinion it does not look capable of protecting the camera from being dropped but it keeps if safe from getting scuffed up in a purse or backpack. I give it 4 stars as Polaroid should of added a small net inside to store an extra 10 pack of photos. If you have a Polaroid Snap or a Touch just buy the case. It is a must have accessory to protect the camera and the magnetic lens cover from getting lost.
 Works great, fairly easy to set up. I had issues with the wifi setup via sound emitted from the phone app until I moved everything closer to the router. Once set up, it works pretty great. I wish I could pan and zoom a bit more but for the price, you can't go wrong. I will update this review when I have time and have tested it further, including the 2-way audio, recording, etc. The audio does work.
 Night vision of this camera just work fine. You can only see clearly within 10ft. with night vision. The camera not very close to the protection glass, so it has a layer that cause blur to the picture. Picture quality is fine with daytime.
 Works as advertised even through a very cold winter.
 I love this lens! I’m sure it won’t last long but I love how it’s performed for the price! It is a tiny bit slow but not too bad! It’s perfect for senior portraits. I think it performs better if you have it on a high end camera body.
 I liked that I could use this to get great views and pictures. Great functionality, as well.
 Little engine that could
 had an issue with it stopping in its revolution. however i returned it and received a replacement super fast. i use a gopro with shell and especially like the included spring clamp.
 I have been using the cord and USB charger with my Arlo Pro 2 camera for about a month. I keep the plug in a weatherproof outdoor outlet cover. The 20 ft cord was probably overkill for me since I only needed about 10 ft and now I just have it coiled up at the base. The flat cable seems like it is slightly over 1/4 in wide. If your mount has a large tightening nut, it might get in the way when you try to plug in the connector. I used the Arlo branded mount that has a small nut and it works fine. I have not received any error messages on the camera using this product. I have it mounted under an overhang, so it is not fully exposed to the elements in my case unless the wind is blowing hard. The only complaint I have is with the plug. I wish the shape or design of it was a little better since it becomes very long with the cable plugged in and I had to swap out my outdoor outlet cover to handle the size. It fit very snugly in a 4.75 in. deep cover.
 Going to give this for a gift in a couple weeks.
 This is a nice system for the price the phone app is not very good hope they get all the bugs worked out it can be frustrating when you need use it
 Great product at the price point. Application user interface can definitely be improved and simplified; not giving 5 star because of software issues.
 Camera works great and is easy to use. None of these type cameras produce great pictures but of the ones I’ve tried this is the best.
 These work as advertised. Didn’t even have to email customer service like so many others said they had to do. I took my time, installed the app, checked everything before I mounted it and it connected immediately once I mounted it to my Facia board on my house. The only reason I took off a star is for having to tear it apart to put a sd card in the camera. Other then that, great picture and good app so far. I bought two of them and it’s very easy to add in additional cameras.
 Great little case. Bought it to hold me essential oil perfume rollers. Wish the sizes were a bit sturdier bit it does its job.
 It seems relatively easy to capture the footage, it can be controlled by my iPhone, and the quality seems to be great, but the software is a steep learning curve. I haven't figured it all out yet, and it is not viewable on an iPhone photo roll due to the 360 nature of the footage. So I have all this footage and have no idea how to use it.
 Needs an easy to use user manual for each type of shutter, speeds and such
 The hard exterior shell and interior foam of the case protects my camera and equipment quite well. The reason why I give it one less star, is because I believe that the case could have been slimmer and generally smaller all over and still provide the same protection. Let’s face it, we all bought the DJI Osmo Pocket because it is small and portable, and in my case because I travel with backpacks, and I really do need to save on every inch of space and weight that I can get.
 Bought this almost a year ago as a supplemental baby monitor and it works well. Only drawback is that when I moved I have had trouble getting it to work on my new WI-FI. I'm currently using an Ethernet cord. It looks tacky having a cord running to the baby's room, but still works.
 It functions as advertised, however depending on the location cell phone camera lens the telescope/microscope adapter may have to be mounted at an angle instead of perpendicular to the camera mount as suggested in the advertising photos. The instruction sheet does not address this issue.
 These protective skins work great to keep my cameras clean and free of debris. I did have to alter the hood because as other reviewers have mentioned, while these are on at night the night vision is blurry or hazy. I was able to trim them back enough that a partial hood remains to prevent dew or rain on the lens and the night vision is clear. Great product once you make that alteration.
 Everything works fine except she can't hear me too well but other than that it's a great product for the price
 These have worked well for me. I can see how they might fail in some applications, but mine have held up very well. I have found them to be a good value.
 Exactly as described. Looks good in person. I'm happy with my purchase. Good price.
 Nice lightweight good quality seems sturdy enough
 This took a little time to configure but with good support I finally got it working.
 Came as a pair, these get lost frequently and worked perfectly as a drop-in replacement for the eyepiece I lost. Fits well and should be perfectly serviceable. Item shipped and arrived very quickly. Would recommend if you don't want to pay Canon prices.
 Good camera overall. I like the motion sensor, but don't understand exactly what it's scope is, my small dog set it off, but not a squirrel, and not the neighbor who walked through the top of the field of view. The night vision is pretty good, but sadly I found out it doesn't work through windows. The software works like I would expect, with some delay but overall a good quality feel to it. I didn't realize I was getting the camera battery version, would have preferred a plug-in rechargeable battery model.
 I bought this product for when I’m on vacation and away from home. With it being small it is very discreet and easy to tuck away. The one thing I was not 100% satisfied with was the app. It works decently but I feel it could be more user friendly/easier to use. Every once in a while I struggle to check it while away from home because it isn’t saved as yours. It is easiest accessed when on the same WiFi network, otherwise you have to put in much information to find your camera. Overall it is a really nice thing to have in my home because it gives me peace of mind.
 The product works well for the price. The biggest issue is the power cord, which is a common complaint. It is very short, so unless you are on the floor next to an outlet, you will need an extension cord.
 Hooked up and working great
 Everything great! 2 light bulbs didn't work but seller was very good and quick about resolving!
 not alot of film for the price
 The quality of the material was good! I loved the shiny look and the color was just the perfect pink I'm looking for my baby shower backdrop. It looks great on the picture too. The price was a bit on a higher side. Overall was good!
 Holds the weight of 8 kilo lens+ camera without creeping, is nearly perfectly plumb & centered - good enough for landscape, maybe macro. Only minor negatives: 1) Slumps slightly when tension knob is loosened 2) vertical rail terminates too soon within radius of swing barrel 3) vertical rail doesn't take arca 4) hand painted index mark on tripod barrel looks homebrew 5) The compass rose on the arm tension knob is goofy But for what I paid, it's more than sufficient, & a good amateur's first gimbal.
 Great product; takes near perfect photo's. I would buy it again.
 Bought this gimbal for a trip to the Caribbean in 2 weeks. Have tried it at a couple times and it seems to work great. Video is a lot more stable than by hand. Still getting used to the controls. Have used my Samsung 8+ and GoPro 4 Silver (using EVO adaptor) without issue. Only downside I am seeing is the limited functionality of their EVO app on android phones. It will not allow me to chose 4K options within the app. Have sent emails to EVO about the issue and according to the tech support they are currently working on an update/upgrade for the android phones. Fingers crossed.
 Meh? Cute and worked good as a handle. Wasn't strong enough to keep my phone afloat, but can make it easy to spot in shallow or clear water.
 No pictures on this listing. I ordered 5 total camera bags to review and pick the best one. The Amazon basics bag was a dollar less and much better quality and shipping. Also looked really good. I settled for the smaller Amazon basics bag which didnt look as good as the larger square one but it served my needs better.
 I've attached mine to led lighting fixtures so now I have an easy arrange-able lighting fixture placement where in the attic I need temporary.
 Wonderful product for the price ordered Wednesday had it by Friday and began using Saturday.
 Picture and video quality good.I am concerned about the durability of the unit. Bottom line, look at the price, you’ll get a functioning unit that along with some nice features, will have some undesirable traits. (IMO) I had an issue, it was resolved with a replacement. Seller did his best to satisfy and I appreciate that.
 For the price not bad. My big issue so far is the strap that came with it for attaching to a tree and the like - you have to dangle your camera on the strap to tighten it to the tree. My old camera had a latching device that made it much much easier to attach. You could approximately set the length then attach and finish tightening. You can't do that with this one. Other issue is that it is a bit tricky getting the memory card out. Not major but a problem. UPDATE - the company has offered a partial refund for the issues with the strap. That is much appreciated.
 material doesnt feel cheap. it works as I expected. kind of expensive for the size
 Great picture, no tech support phone #. Could not understand the tech person after finally making phone contac.
 4/5 stars because the swivel adjustment is a bit awkward and I still had a tough time getting the correct angle set. Otherwise these functioned as described and protect my Blink XT cams and shade from some sun!
 Charges find, but batteries do not stay charged as long
 Easy to setup and create online account to monitor the video. My only dislike was the light bulb could not be adjusted in order to change the range for the view. I returned this one and found a product that can be adjusted.
 Overall I really like this spy camera. it really is tiny. Included I added a picture of a quarter next to the spy cam for size. the camera works great! It came with an SD card. the instruction manual showed how to format the card. and with a simple few clicks i was able to record video. It records video in 5 minute increments. the quality is decent. I cant say it looks 1080P but very close it it. the detail is present. which is what is needed. the battery lasts up to an hour with recording. the night vision works really well too! it automatically detected the darker environment and switched over to night mode. the app it comes with works great. it was a bit of a hassle getting it connected to the wifi but it eventually worked. you can watch the camera live. but the video seems a bit delayed. other then that I haven't given it enough time to see how to get audio recorded. The Instruction manual is a bit confusing but eventually I figured out the camera. The Video recorded looks good. it came with a handy magnetic mount that works well. The only cons I found, the first is the cost. it's a bit pricy! but it works good. the second is it came with a USB cable to charge it, however it didn't come with a USB Brick to plug into the wall. If you want to spy on your friends or prove to mom that your siblings are eating the Ice cream and your not this camera will do the job! Overall I'm happy with the Spy Cam!
 Bought as an inexpensive security system for my house. I already have an alarm, so I Just wanted to put a camera system in as further deterrence. I initially had problems setting up. The password I chose for the system was too complex, and after I entered it, it would take it again to unlock the system. Contacted vendor and they gave me a reset code. I entered a less complex password, and I got it up and running. Took awhile to run all the wires, but configuration was pretty straight forward. Use this to watch a cat walk around the house. Too bad I can add a water gun or lasers or something!
 Great buy. Wish it came with a rod pocket to hang but it didn't. Jas to use masking tape to hold it up. Good quality material and great scope.
 Its okay for the price. It does reduce image quality a bit!
 I needed a power bank and when I saw the hidden camera I figured it would be nice to have both devices incorporated. I like this because now I have a portable camera that I can set up virtually anywhere I want inconspicuously. I know it says the quality is 1080P, but I would not consider the image HD quality even with a superior internet connection. It’s neat when setting the motion alerts because I can tell when the dogs are on the move and then log into the app and see what they are up too. My wife works from home, so I can always give her a heads up if the pups are up to no good.
 Could have been UPS, but showed up in a bubble wrap bag and has a fair dent in the case, other then that the unit works just fine for driving 2 nema 23 steppers.
 lightweight, sharp, and versatile, the only negative issue being significant vignetting when used in combination with an FX-size sensor.
 You cannot use this with the eyepiece.. if you wanna use eyepiece with this you will have to use a adapter with extendable tool
 Previous purchase of units like this last about a year. Mine are exposed to the weather and eventually water gets inside and ruins them. The manufacturer recommends not placing them where they are exposed to the weather, but this is difficult for me to accomplish. Right after I installed this unit we got 4 inches of rain and it’s still working a week later. I have five units that completely surround my house and nobody knows they are fake. Those flashing lights really get people’s attention. Changing them out takes less than 5 minutes so spending $100 a year seems to me like cheap insurance. Wished someone made a unit that was waterproof, however.
 Cheap quality, plastic sheets, but they work just fine
 flimsy tripod ,scope is great.
 Great camera but 2 big downsides: 1. Battery charger died 6 months later after very light usage (maybe 5 times total). That's $50 to replace. 2. The Nikon phone app to sync via Bluetooth is terrible. It can't connect. All the reviews said so, but I tried anyways. No luck.
 EASY TO SET UP. STILL TRYING TO FIGURE OUT ALL THE SETTINGS AND PLAY BACK VIDEO. I DID NOT ASK FOR TECH SUPPORT YET. REMEMBER IT IS NOT WIRELESS. YES HERE ARE NO DIRECT LINES TO THE CAMERA OR VIDIO SCREEN BUT YOU HAVE TO PLUG BOTH IN TO AN OUTLET. NOT A BIG DEAL IF ONE IS HANDY WARE YOU WANT TO PLUG IN FOR POWER.
 Low price had two break.
 I absolutely love the cameras. Really easy to set up. I have bought 3 in total. The software is great, the cameras are amazing quality and performance. My only complaint is that the power cord provided with the until is very short. 4 feet is not long enough in my opinion. But if you don't mind using an extension cord then these cameras are an amazing deal for the price.
 Fits my GoPro Hero 7 Black perfectly. Woulda given it 5 stars if it didn’t cover the display screen on the front. They need to come out with an updated version for the Hero 7 Black, rather than being lazy and just using old stuff and putting a “compatible” sticker.
 Great camera so far, this is replacing an older canon camera I dropped on a glacier a while back. I missed having a nice pocket cam with full manual and raw capabilities when I don't feel like hauling around my full kit. So far I am impressed with the fast focus and speed. The zoom seems to be a little slower then I was expecting and on auto iso it seems to always go to the max(adjusted the max setting.) Once I get more time with this camera I will update this review.
 Great buy for the money and works worlds better than the cable company product.
 Works well, but rusts.
 Its not wrinkle free, but the quality is not bad.
 SHHH....Its a Christmas present for my daughter. Everything came to us in a very timely manner, was exactly as described, and in great condition. Fingers crossed she loves it!
 Camera works well, but it didn’t come with the ethernet network cable. Got refund
 I like this product but I had to exchange. First one was defective, just got the new one. Hopefully I love it. Using it for permanent makeup and Lashes. Wanted it for its brightness.
 have not installed yet.as advertised
 Works good but it's a little too big.
 The instructions could be better.
 I think the image is beautiful, but the photo is lower quality than I would've expected.
 It is true you get what you pay for and this is a budget camera, but packing features of cameras well above its price point. There are some nice settings enabling how long you want to capture video as well as audio and you can adjust sensitivity and PIR settings to get the camera to trigger best in your application. Biggest complaint must be the audio. It is muffled and virtually inaudible with the case door closed. Testing it with the door open illustrates it is not a flaw of electronics, but an artifact of the waterproof housing. I improved the audio quality considerably by simply drilling a hole in the bottom of the cover swing door. Yes, it diminishes the true watertight design, but with the camera mounted vertically and the hole at bottom, rain will find it hard to get in. Time will tell, but audio was important to me in my purchase decision. Next step will be to use some goretex material to cover the hole to see if audio can permeate through the membrane yet keep water out.
 I only gave 3 stars since case is hard plastic. I’m not sure how it will hold up to knocks bumps and falls. This is for a child and may have a rougher time than one owned by an adult. However it is the one she wanted because it isn’t inclosed and easier to use quickly.
 Great lights however one of my bulbs tends to flicker ever so slightly other than that they work wonders.
 I just bought this and tried to post my video straight to YouTube. The sound is not synced. I think the video is a bit fast. Anyone else have this problem. Any solution? I have amended my rating from 1 to 4. This is a cheap camera. Bur I found that if I shot at 640 (not HD), I could get everything working well. The picture is not as good as my phone, but I post a lot to YouTube, and it is nice to have a camera I can use at any time with no worries about data space. Again plastic cheap. But so far I have filmed a lot with it. For something under $100 I am fairly pleased. I might even try HD at some point. But I don't even have video editing. I am a caveman.
 The product shows up in my control panel but Guardian Protection wont allow me to add it in.
 very smooth head, easy to adjust. Heavy duty.
 Item came as described and is amazing. Daughter loves it and come in very handy when doing her make up designs and videos.
 Replaced a malfunctioning D-Link camera with this. A BIG IMPROVEMENT! The set-up was a little cumbersome but nowhere near the hoops D-Link made me go through. So far it’s working flawlessly and the phone app is great.
 It's ok. Does the job somewhat.
 It's a battery and it works.
 So far so good, pretty sturdy. However it did not come with an extra quick release plate and the fluid head was assembled slightly crooked which threw the bubble level off
 In Great condition and easy to use.
 As a knockoff to the GoPro this camera does work. But there are a few caveats, the quality of the pictures and videos are on the poor side. It does claim 4k but that does not mean quality 4k. The quality is on the acceptable side, I would recommend this for those on a vacation or out on a family trip. For people who do more frequent extreme activities and travels I'd pay extra for the GoPro. Few times have I had this thing freeze up, its not as reliable and has had a few hiccups and freezes
 So I didn't realize how small this clock would be, it fits in the palm of my hand. It was easy to set up and use and worked well.
 For the price you really cant beat this thing, especially when you add in all the attachments that come with it. First thing we did was put it to the test in the pool and its held up great.
 Very nice camera backpack. I was able to fit most of my things in it and they were well organised and spaced, without crushing anything. I like the material, feels durable and lightweight at the same time. Usually when I carry these camera backpacks I have to carry for a long time, and the straps felt pretty comfortable on my shoulders
 Needs more megapixels
 Product works great. Had a crash and rolled through rocks, while mountain biking. Harness held up and didn't lose my CAMERA. Harness is adjustable and is elastic. It is comfortable, as well. I have used this harness for, about, six months. No problems at all.
 The resolution of the monitor is great, but the camera is very poor. Also, the signal is little bad. I get the scratch image sometimes. Moreover, it would be nicer if they provided the wire connector.
 It is a great camera worth its price!
 First off, this takes great pictures. I'd give it five stars if I was not counting on this for all weather usage. I set this up by my deer feeder in the Fall. Once the weather turned rainy and temperature swings started getting bigger, condensation became a major issue. With a couple of dry and warm days, the camera works like a charm. If it's wet and cold, the pictures are useless due to lens condensation. Night images are really clear, when it takes night images. I haven't figured out if the night vision is a function of the battery percentage or if it's just finicky. Sometimes it works great. Sometimes it doesn't work at all. If you want to leave this on your deer feeder for a season, I'd look elsewhere. If you want to set this up and take it down regularly, especially when the weather is going to be nasty, it will work just fine. UPDATE: After posting the less than stellar review above, I've been back and forth with the manufacturer and they're going to make it right by refunding the purchase price. Pretty stand-up move considering the camera has been in use outside for four months now. Maybe I received a lemon. With a good warranty, you really can't go wrong buying the camera.
 Product as described, fits well.
 Super light camera. Came in like it’s brand new. Good for beginners. It will be tested commercially through our photo booth.
 the only thing that you can not set the angle to direct the base to the floor, but i able the play HTC vive without any issues.
 The monocular was good, but the mount is worthless, it never would stay connected to the eyepiece, so don't buy it for the phone mount.
 Cute. Wish I could spin the focus tho. I like the sounds but wish it wasn't a double sound.
 These binoculars are too large to carry around. It is pretty heavy will carrying around a baseball game.
 Looks like a good product. Can't seem to use it without a memory card
 So... i bought this product to take with me to nepal. It is definitely worth it for security when you need both hands free. I wish the mount set up was geared to accept manfrotto. That is my only complaint
 The sizing seems to be all over the place with these, but for the most part they work. Had to return two because they would not fit.
 Just what I wanted and very well made.
 Very good buy, lightweight and it gets the job done
 I’ve been a Canon user for years. I haven’t been taking pictures as much lately but needed to replace my Rebel XT and didn’t need all the bells and whistles or lenses. It has a nice weight but feels so plasticy- I’m afraid it’s going to crack every time I bump it or put it down.
 Great quality. Good size. Nice features!
 App worked now crash
 They are very handy to have but do not work on all intended items. The product is to thick to use with some things but for others they are just right and make attaching and removing the strap very simple.
 I like how convenient it is but it's too small. You can see the black ring around when I film with it. Wish there was a larger size being sold anywhere
 The texture is NOT silky, not too rough. I like this kind of straps because they are gentle on my neck and they become a fashion accessory. I rather prefer the ones with more soft or silk texture but this one is a nice pattern.
 It works just fine. But the base got loose after little while. Lucky I found a video on YouTube of how to fixed it and ever since works great.
 The first one started recording in a pinkish purple hue after about a week. And the numbers were all 8s. Their customer service was really good about it and sent me a replacement 2 day shipping. Hopefully this one lasts longer. Will keep you posted. When it worked however the picture quality was pretty good. Setup was 5 minutes
 A little hard to use if you wear glasses but overall it does the job. Light weight and case makes it easy to carry.
 Fit great over my wench and went well with the color of my Oscar Mike Jeep. Time will only tell how it'll hold up to the UV rays
 Great quality for the price. Works well with any action cam that has a tripod mount
 The flash diffuser I received used an elastic to secure it to the flash. I've used it a total of 3 times, and this past attempt, the elastic snapped. I never stretched it further than the flash size, and just slid the diffuser flaps under it. I see in the picture now, it has a Velcro strap, so I suppose I need to find a Velcro strap to order online. The flash itself works excellently.
 Really nice and big a couple of spots that hadn’t been completely black and looked like someone colored in but not noticeable
 Love the product and the backdrop variations it includes. Only reason I am not leaving 5 stars is that the metal frame shape is slightly warped causing it to be a little lopsided. That said, this is more cosmetic than affecting use. Overall would recommend to others.
 This product definitely works, but there's a little blue light that's always on. You can turn off the red light, but I can't find a way to turn off the blue one. Used it when I was trying to sell my home.
 Sturdy and rigid definietly held its shape
 The whole package received was nice and this kids had fun with it. The pictures kind of give a retro look. Like an old picture from your childhood. Too small for me, but the kids had fun playing with it. I would give 5 stars if the picture a a bit bigger. I had to squint to look at the pics. I wouldn't recommend the color lenses. You can barely see the pics as it is. We could hardly make out the kids in the picture with the blue lens.
 They work for my DJI Spark! Have yet to test thoroughly, but the difference is noticeable!
 I'm not a photographer, was just trying to improve light when taking pictures of things I was selling on offerup. It helped a bit.
 Only need for audition tapes. It’s cheap and flimsy so don’t touch it to much but it is affordable so I can’t complain. I Had to go on YouTube to figure out how to put it together but other than that I love it. Really lit up my auditions
 Super bright lights that come in a dual pack, which I could find anywhere else. I feel like I got them for half price because there are two. But the battery peters out pretty quickly. It's no problem really. I just keep mine plugged in whilst I'm podcasting, but if I were to take them anywhere that's not my computer desk, they wouldn't be able to keep up tha brightness for longer than half an hour maybe...
 I like the picture quality of the camera. It picks up sound very well. I don't know if most security cameras have trouble picking up noise from the motors, but this camera does. I haven't tried the "sentry mode" that constantly pans. The motion detection works very well and usually the recordings start a few seconds before the motion starts so you see everything. My main complaint is that unless you pay for a monthly subscription, your recordings only last a day or two. There's no way (that I can tell) to record directly to a local computer instead of the Kasa cloud. (You can download videos to your phone in lower quality if you want to keep one around.)
 Great for the price. - Minor calibration needed because you have to slide the counter balance manually when u first set up a new phone. - great for anyone wanting a cheap simple gimbal. I'm not making Hollywood movies I just wanted something that will keep my videos steady and do a few tracking shots. - app connects to gimbal instantly, works well to control gimbal and camera. - only thing bad is that my pixel 2 needs to slide the counter balance pretty far to the point that it limits the range that I can pan up and down. Might be a way to workaround but I haven't figured it out yet. - feels way too bulky in my hand (I have small hands) . The handle is very bulky and not nearly as sleek as my friends $300 gimbal. I wish they made it a little slimmer and would've put up with shorter battery life.. But i guess more battery life is a good trade off.
 The camera has a good picture and works well once setup. The setup process to get on my network was a little confusing having to use their software to find and configure them. I have 2 on my network and they have been working real good with Blue Iris software. I gave this 4 stars due to the confusing setup process. I haven't had them for very long so hopefully they keep working as they are now.
 Love the back drop it was the main feature of my 80’s party.. I notice after The color around the fold creases are fading when I used it again a week later
 Bought it since I'm in a long distance relationship and we video chat throughout much of the day/night and I was sick of propping my phone up on things. It's perfect!! Lots of various angles although does not hold the phone vertical or else I would give it five stars.
 I got this to use with my Neewer light. It works fine to diffuse the light, but it's hard to attach. It sits awkwardly on the light, and it's hard to get in to adjust the brightness of the light with it on there. Once you have it all set and put it on, it does a good job with diffusing the light. Still, a good deal for the price.
 Great cam, good image. Tough to get mounted the way BETAFPV wants you to mount it. I had a hard time getting the pins plugged all the way down so it kinda screws with the tilt of the camera. It is a very tough cam though. I hit a 2x6 rafter beam at almost full throttle and all I had to do was re-focus the camera lens. Looking back, I should have just not used the factory mount and de-soldered the pins and just wired it straight in and used foam tape to mount it.
 Nice deal for price and work as it should
 no Way to take a good picture but otherwise I am pleased with my purchase
 There isn't a lot of information out there on this camera so I wasn't entirely sure what to expect. It's either a sports camera (as the seller describes it) or potentially a spy camera (it's design makes it less than discreet but people may not be sure what it is). The camera is very well made and it feels like it was designed to survive being dropped and to take a fair amount of abuse. It's also waterproof out of the box which factors into its airtight seal design. There are individual buttons for the camera's various functions to make its operation as simple as possible. Want to take video? Press the video button. Connect to WiFi? Press the LAN button. Want to take a quick picture? Press the photo button. Because the camera does not have a screen any adjustments to the camera's settings must be done using the app. Screen resolution (max 1080p at 30 fps), frequency, exposure, motion detection and a number of other functions are all adjustable. The back of the camera is magnetic so you can attach it to virtually any metal surface. While you can stick to the side of your home appliances, a fire hydrant, etc. I would avoid attaching it to a moving car since it would probably pop off if you hit a pot hole. The camera comes packed with a bunch of useful GoPro compatible mounting accessories as well as a wrist band to wear it like a watch. It makes for a very bulky wrist accessory but if you want the camera readily available without having to dig it out of a bag when you need it kind of makes sense. How is the video quality? It's actually very good and comparable to the $29 Polaroid Cube. With the ability to adjust a number of the default settings image quality can improve quite a bit. It's a fun camera and the price is very reasonable. You just have to figure out exactly what it is you would ultimately use it for.
 Impressions after a couple of days: build quality is excellent, packaging nicely done. Really like the tree planting aspect of doing business with these guys. Only concern so far is occasionally autofocus really hunting, hopefully this will improve the more I use the filter.
 I don't think I ordered the right one. I really would like to return this and order the P900 by Nokia. I'm sure this camera is fine it's just not what I needed.
 a little hard to download the software. but works good
 Loved the camera, just wish pictures were larger.
 Decent camera for the price... what holds this back is no supported 5Ghz connection (I know it clearly states 2G in docs) which stinks as the device you control this app from is also going to be on 2G. Which means slower connection speed for anything else you use on the device. I use it to monitor outside (from inside the house) so it serves its purpose for me. The app for the camera is passable, but it could use a few more tweaks.
 Works great with HSS which is only available with off camera flash. TTL is supposedly possible but haven’t been able to get it to work. I’m used to Manual settings and that’s how I use these flashes and they work great. A bit of a learning curve but worth it for the price.
 So far I am impressed with the quality of the photos. Detail is great.
 This product works well. Only complaints are that I couldn't get videos to upload unless I was downloading to the app directly from an apple product (iPad or iPhone)... We purchased this product for displaying marketing content at my office and it's difficult to get all the content on the app that way. I did purchase an SD card and tried to get the content on that way, but it wasn't working for some reason, but it did work with a USB storage device.
 These have plastic bases but are surviving so far in Colorado weather. Mount does adapt to direction that you need to get the right angle. I like the black base to help hide cameras compared to white Arlo version. Over time, I'm sure the plastic will show some wear or crack so gave it a 4 star for potential future issues.
 I have an IPhone 7plus. At the moment I cant afford a new camera so I bought this, it came with exactly everything listed and arrived a day early (prime). The pictures themselves are great, the only thing is you have to adjust it well if you have a dual camera. The tripod is pretty small, not very sturdy if you have a big phone, it works so its not a big deal but I would just keep that in mind. It is a pretty great temporary option for those wanting to have fun with photography. Overall, I am happy with my purchase.
 Great for the price. No issues yet. Looks nice and works well.
 I received items in a timely fashion and everything’s working great. DJI Battery was actually cheaper here on Amazon than DJI website.
 I have had this pack on my arlo for a while now. Here is what I noticed. The battery marker would mark it as draining just as it would a normal set of batteries. I waited until I got the 13% indicator low battery warning before trying to fix it. I pulled the pack out and left it out for about 30 minutes. I then placed them back in the camera and the marked once again stated 100% charge. So, I rated it 4 stars simply because I feel it shouldnt be necessary to take this step as it is on constant power. Otherwise, it works as advertised.
 It's great so far, dont use the wet and dry wipes that come with it. I used an alcohol wipe and a micro fiber cloth, I originally used the wipes that came with it and it left a film over the screen, I grabbed an alcohol wipe and the micro fiber cloth, cleaned it up and it looks great. As for durability and all that, time will tell. It comes from china, so do I say more?
 I would have given this product five stars if the charger had a USB cord longer than three inches
 This is a plastic old style clock. It holds the google home mini. Gets the job done. Cons: its plastic and feels cheap Pros: its a cool way to view Google home mini
 It was a little short for what I wanted to do, but I made it work!😍❤️
 Works as expected with a bonus: Notice there are two little holes in the body at the upper left of the viewing screen. The one on the right has a red LED when charging and the one on the left has a blue flashing LED when recording. Of the several Dash Cams I have had, none have this feature - NICE! The small screen is quite adequate for viewing and the small size of the unit is ideal to not block much of the windshield. Use just a drop of glycerine on the suction cup for a stronger hold. Good product!!
 Very easy to use and set up, and easy to install. They also have additional lengths of cable if you need and cameras work great, I have a couple that are over 200 feet from the DVR.
 Just check my mail got it now but have not use it yet so far looks good will try this week end.
 If you’re looking for something for extra battery life then this is perfect I have the Nikon D 3500 and yes this will work for the D3 500 however you won’t be able to use the second shot or a mechanism on the bottom of the camera. P if you’re looking for something for extra battery life then this is perfect I have the Nikon D 3500 and yes this will work for the D3 500 however you won’t be able to use the second shutter mechanism on the bottom of the camera. Period.However if you’re looking for something to get you that extra battery life out of your camera this is fantastic
 It's hard to give a full review because this was bought as a Christmas gift for our daughter so it's not even really been opened. That is why I gave 4 stars. We did open the box to check the contents and it looks exactly as what was promised and I'm sure my daughter will LOVE it!!!!
 These are plastic so will scratch and get dust on them - care advised. For any kind of serious photography, just spring for normal Tiffen/Hoya glass filters.
 This worked perfect on my cruise this winter. Was small enough to fit in my pocket. Worked like a set of Binoculars should. This was the perfect item to view the dolphins joining our cruise.
 Package arrived with everything as described. Haven’t had a chance to seriously test the camera yet but the few shots taken so far have turned out nice. I zoomed in on a small bird from about 75 feet away and the details in the pic are crisp and clear. This camera is larger and heavier than my little Nikon so it will take some practice to get a steady shot. The tripod seems rather wobbly when set up so not sure yet how it will help with a steady shot. The camera fits in the bag just right however there is not much room anywhere for the extra batteries and filters. I wish the package came with an external battery charger. As it currently stands you can only charge one battery at a time while in the camera. I will likely be ordering a charger so the spent battery can be charging while I am using the spare.
 I love the tripod however I have an IPhone 6s Plus and the bolder is a tight squeeze. The fish eye lens is great but I don’t seem to see a difference with the other one. Over all good
 Its my first camera, and I am very impressed. This thing takes photos way better than I could have ever expected! It looks and works like brand new and to top it off, it was delivered 2 whole days earlier than expected! Thanks mucho
 Nice bag. Holds what I need for a quick session outside of studio.
 Was a little unsure how to use it but once i figured out how it is nice and the size easy to keep anywhere. Handy when you want to take pictures on the go.
 fairly well made and should hold up for a long time. No problem with mounting them on my lense
 Tension wheel on the handle can be easily overtightened and will not unlock if your not careful.
 They sent me wrong case Can't attach strap to carrying case
 A perfect fit for the Kodak camera. Strong, easy to access and nice color.
 This is actually my favorite flash I've owned (even when comparing the brand name flagship models); the controls are simple and accessible, the build quality is great, and the wireless flash system is a joy to use. My only complaint (I had not seen it mentioned in any review I read) is that when used in slave mode, there is a bright blinking red light to indicate when the flash is ready. It's actually a great feature in some circumstances, but it cannot be disabled (or even made less bright), making it unsuitable and distracting for more subtle situations without using black tape or something to cover it up. I still highly recommend it, just be aware of the blinking red light issue (which hopefully a future firmware update can resolve, as it has with some of their other flashes). The price/performance ratio is incredible!
 I actually like this camera and the wide lens. Very nice picture and video quality. The problem is the sound. The detachable microphone doesnt do a great job, and without the external microphone, the sound is to low for vlogging.
 Love it, Just needs a WAY longer cord
 5 stars if you use it with a dslr. 3 stars for mirror-less. My Sony a7iii has the upper mounting ring on the side. When adding the strip I cannot hold the camera comfortably. There is simply not enough room and the strap pushes my hand even further down. Maybe my hands are too big. Other than that, system and quality are very good.
 This system is just what I needed. Batteries last for months, motion detection and the video quality is good. Sound output is too low, but that doesn't matter because there's so much lag in the system that you couldn't actually talk to the person at the door anyway. I'd still choose this system even knowing these things, but not everyone would.
 Does what i need it to do. Logs clock inn and out hrs on a daily basis for multiple employees. Works
 Brought the camera for a 9 year old and she loves it. Easy to use , light to handle , picture clarity is okay.
 Fairly easy to balance, once you get the hang of it, but can have issues toward its max weight. Very good and responsive customer service.
 wanted to update firmware, done. hope to use to adjust focusing, but lens seems OK, so won't fool with it right now.
 It works, but don't shoot too many frames at once, the lower power input can't keep up with the power draw of a studio shooting environment. Great for table top still life shooting.
 Great small bag for mobility. I think having a rigid back would be a great addition to it, as the bag droops a little using the side entry as it’s hung from your chest. Side note, I haven’t found a way to find my telephoto lens in the bag with 2 other small lens. Just information for those curious about the size.
 This item works as stated, and actually comes with two plugs.
 I recently used the orbs and really liked the outcome so far. I noticed that the two larger orbs has circle imprinted where the glass was released. I don't know if this is normal for the larger pieces or if it will cause any issues later. I'm excited to try them out some more. Make sure you have a sturdy carrying case for them and something to keep them separate. I'm using my camera case, which makes it heavy and the cloth to separate them.
 The camera has very good daylight video like my old camera but this one has much better night vision! like daylight, my only complaint is the brightness is mostly in the center of the screen, could be a little wider.
 on time delivery is great!!
 I gave 4 stars because i havent used it as yet but so far by the looks of it. Its a cool bag. The water resistant cover is conveniently stored in the bottom also couple as a hiding place for small items and it also has a secret pocket at the bottom of the inside strap. Storage is sufficient as i have camera, flash, led lights, extra batteries and storage media and still cant fill the bag. For the price this bag looks good. If i find issues i will update.
 Pretty solid. It is metal. The top is kind of a ball head but the tilt angle is very little. It can be taken apart so you can adjust the pressure of the leg movement. They even include the little wrench. 4 Stars because the legs only open to a very wide angle. Usually this desktop tripods have to 2 settings for the angle of the legs but this one doesn't.
 These lights are great for shooting on the go and when you need a little more light. I wish they were just a tad stronger, but we bought two, so combined they do the trick! Great buy for the price and we have definitely gotten our use out of them!
 Works as intended. I used this with my computer instead of my phone, as the app on Android wasn't very helpful. After downloading the software on the computer, I was able to get video, but it was choppy. However, I opened up the default camera software on the laptop. It recognizes the boroscope as a kind of webcam, so you should be able to get video. This works much better, and there is little to no latency with the video.
 Not as good as the original but it serves its purpose. Main critique is that it doesn't attach as tightly to the lens and it is significantly thicker than original lens caps.
 Great cameras. Have had a few glitches with connectivity overtime but nothing that wasn’t fixed with a reset or update. Overall reliable and easy.
 I have this for my 80 mm refractor to be used during the day as a spotting scope. For this application the diagonal works fine. Definitely not a premium diagonal, but adequate for my purposes.
 You should program your feedback thingy to include some kind of delay option for review if you are fishing for one. Some people will use indirect means to ship item they buy from US back to their own country and if we don't have the item, how can we be objective in our review or comments? Lie? Sammy
 I bought this as my Google home mini often pisses me off bc she doesn't listen. Yes I call her a she bc I nicknamed Google Assistance Penny on my phone long before the mini came out. I found out if you tip her up right she tends to listen a little better. Well I wanted something a little more fun to make me not say mean things to her when she's not listen and I saw a pic of one of these googly eyes that made me laugh my butt off so I here you have it. It's exactly what it says. You get it in a little box, open it up and slap it together in like 5 minutes (no the cord does not bend, I know it is hard to figure out how based on pictures but there is so much give it just curves over) and boom Alarm Penny that I get to decorate to make ridiculous bc why not! Great product for like $12 to make her stand up and have some fun with it! I can't wait until they make a teal one bc this girl only does mini in fun colors not blah black and white hahahaha
 Great little video camera to pack around on your trip. The wireless remote included is very handy. Upload app is a little challenging but camera can be plugged into computer for easier offloading of material. Works on my mac.
 I am eating this on its price not comparing it to fancier versions of this. It is pretty good. It gives that steady Cam feel on a budget. The only issue I find is that it shows it works with a DSLR but I have to put the camera in at the worst angle to get a level picture. I don't know if my 60d with all the accessories is just not accounted for in the design but I have to to rotate the camera at a 30 of center to get a level picture. Saying that it still works and for the 20 dollars I paid it is just a small inconvenience. I did buy it for using with my phone and a GoPro as well and those work flawlessly.
 Really cute design on this keychain alarm. Purchased for my daughter's 75 year old great grandma. She is still active and independent and because I purchased a different set for my daughter I thought of her safety as well. I didn't personally try the alarm as this was a gift but my daughter and her nana did and said it was loud.
 Easy to install camera. The quality is ok. I can't read the license plate of vehicles which would be nice because I park my car outside in the street, but the quality isn't that good for that. But it's ok to identify people who come to my door. And the motion detection is very good.
 These cables work perfectly for charging my switch and xbox controllers as I'm playing games. The cables feel rather light weight and are a bit thin, so not sure about the durability. Additionally, the cables only carries / transfers power, it doesn't do data transfers. So you can't hook up your phone or some other micro usb device and try to transfer data between a computer as it will not work.
 Needs to be ironed and stored on a roll, very thin, but I would buy again because of the price.
 Does this camera have to be on a HD dvr
 I wanted a camera with a flash, that was rechargeable and took decent pictures at a reasonable price. This camera fit the bill. My only problem was the instructions. Seems they could have been a little more helpful and the formatting done at the factory. I'm 69 so that might have something to do with this also. If not for that concern I'd have given the camera a 5 star.
 I bought this to take camping, hiking, and road trips because we always talk about seeing some crazy bird or plane or something in the distance but never can tell. I don't want to carry larger binoculars nor store them, but just wanted something lighter and smaller to maybe fit in a pocket. ] Of course, we continue to forget to take it with us when we leave which is typical us, but we have used it multiple times this summer to gaze at the moon and planets. The moon obviously is much easier to see than Jupiter or Mars which are the most visible lately, but it's still fun and surprisingly powerful for something so small. I was impressed at how clearly I could see the moon even in the city with a decent amount of light pollution. Hopefully, we'll remember to take it with us and see things that are on this planet soon :)
 I purchased this for a wedding, I really like that it charges quickly. The only reason for four stars is that I feel like I ran out of battery pretty quickly as well. Great for on the go though...
 Nice looking, appears to be well-made. Not as lightweight as I would have hoped, but perhaps it can't serve its purpose at a light weight. The tightening screws, handles, etc., are sturdy, and legs are stable. Will work well.
 Took 2 orders! The first one I only received the plastic outer case! I had to return that, and then reorder. The second time around I got the entire thing. I love the space it saves, and the plastic picture sleeves are better quality then the very thin ones. I transferred 2 albums of one trip into it.
 So we decided to take our own pics this holiday season and ordered this backdrop. When I first opened it, I noticed it had a little bit of a purple tint to it. I was able to iron it on the level 2 setting of our iron with the lowest level of steam. The wrinkles ironed out after going over them a few times. We taped it to our wall next to our Christmas tree and took out photos with my phone. Once you edit and crop your photos, they turn out really good. So I gave this a four due to the slight discoloration, but other than that it’s worth it to save money and make your own holiday cards with your own photos.
 Baby is darker then anticipated, the seller did advise she would be darker but I was unable to update my order in time to make a customized baby as my order shipped out quickly. The seller did send me the link to process a special order which was $3 for special order.
 I like that it ships as a 2 pack. In case you mess one up. The first one went on easily and stuck edge to edge. I gave the second one to a buddy and one corner didn't stick.
 The design is great for the camera and a laptop, but after one trip (for two weeks) through Asia (And not even the rural areas) - I am kind of surprised. I see a few strings coming loose on the handle and other areas. I didnt find the camera bag coming out through the side pouch to be easy. Lastly, I also wish this backpack had a strap to go over the suitcase without falling off. It is okay. It did hold a lot though. I find it average. If you need a backpack and want to travel with a camera, this is a good backpack, but it isn't anything super special. Also the bottom outside pockets' flap never stayed down, so those pockets were useless to me unless I wanted to lose what was in them.
 It’s what you’d expect, except the screen itself has no loop holes to be able to hang.
 Would have had 5 stars as the camera works as advertised but it's hard to figure out the on/off, setting motion sensor, etc....instructions that came with it are vague at best, too small to read and probably fine for more tech savvy folks than I am.... Looked like it was a direct literal translation and not very usable....trial and error got what I needed, but not from the instruction sheet....
 Should have gotten the bigger one.
 Pretty good. A little hard to get the case open once the camera is inside, but otherwise good to go.
 i just tried this camera and it has a clear video and very easy to hide i can prank my husband now lol! great product
 The camera is great for the price. It takes good pictures and videos as long as you don't zoom in.
 Like: fit well, Correct color, good quality.
 Not a bad little camera. Have used it some, but not a lot yet. Think mic should lf been on end by lens instead of on side. But that's just me...anyway, it is a good camera for the price.
 Neatly packaged. All items received exactly as described. All items functioning perfectly. Delivered on time as promised.
 This is the first security system that I have personally owned, so I can't really compare it to others. The biggest reason I decided to purchase this one was due to the price. This does not come with an internal hard drive, but it can still be used via Wi-Fi, however you will only have access to the cameras via phone or a monitor screen. I did not try to install an internal hard drive, as I usually use mine with my phone to monitor the cameras manually. It was not easy to set up, but I can't imagine any security system that is easy to set up. The picture quality isn't great, 720p at best. The programming for the system itself is not easy and the instructions do not help at all. I would say overall for my personal needs this works, which is why I gave it a 5 star. If you are really concerned about security, I would not recommend this at all.
 Product works as described, it's great. Giving it 4 stars because sticky pads are not good quality. 2 weeks in and it is starting to peel from my helmet. It should have 3M stickys like similar products I have purchased before. Other than that it's excellent.
 This is a pretty good unit for a pickup truck. Best if you know how to tie into the wiring that's specific to your vehicle. I was fortunate to have a trailer connection so it was easier. The wireless option seems to be working ok and it's nice to know that if the distance for the receiver it too far, the instructions indicate that the unit can be hard wired from the camera to the display. If that option was necessary, I don't know if the extra wire to hard wire it, is available from the seller? Other than that, I'd but another one.
 Looks good. Good backdrop for the price. Not terribly easy to get wrinkles out though.
 I like that its compact. It's small enough to put in the weirdest places. It's got a great picture quality as well.
 Great monitor! Love the size & controls. There is a slight latency on the image & when using audio headphones but it is manageable. I use a mount that I modified from a flash support and the rig is equally functional for hand held or tripod shooting! Very enjoyable to add to your videography arsenal!!
 My daugther finally received the GoPro Hero5 and she tried it on her first time wake boarding in Bali. The videos are great but maybe it was the clamp on the chest harness where she could not raise the GoPro to the right degree to catch our whitewater rafting day. Great videos though otherwise.
 A little hard to figure out. Does take nice pictures underwater!
 issue with development of pic. was doing good then hit a snag took 6 try's to get one pic to develop.
 just as described, exactly what you would expect
 Colors are a bit off in places. Orange looking in places! Size is great, price is good, color is off.
 Nice as I had hoped. Not see through at all. Did arrive a little creased as it said it would in the description. We plan to iron before use.
 They don't seem to last quite as long as the original battery that came with our camera (we use all three during the day), but they were a great value and are terrific backup batteries.
 These are great little binoculars, light weight , easy to focus and great for the price. Recommend
 Great product for the price. I just wish the eye lens cover fit better. All in all, a good buy.
 DVR software seems outdated. Setup screens are difficult to navigate. More simple setup is needed. Downloaded the proper app for viewing camera live feed online, help screen on app does not match the software on the DVR. Different screenshots.
 Does what it is supposed to do.
 It's versatility also makes it kind of unstable. The legs can open all the way and it tips over. Maybe I did something wrong, but I have cracks in 2 of the hinges.
 not hooked up yet needs hard drive
 Actually nothing to complain about it Great camera
 I wish I had gotten an instruction booklet or leaflet with the batteries and the charger. I contacted the company and they are going to try and correct that for me.
 Good build quality. Nice ergonomics. I especially like the multiple cold shoe & screw attachments on the top.
 Aperture ring was loose
 So far I've used it for two photoshoots and the images come out great. My biggest problem with this is that it doesn't come with anything to store the backdrops, power supply and LED lights when traveling for a photoshoot.
 I like the camera size and easy to install. On the other hand the camera has a bright light when taking pictures at night.
 Good, strong clips. They do not stand up in the weather though. Sunlight and fluctuating temps destroy them in a year. But for the price, replacing them every year isn't a huge issue.
 This camera is literally the best! If you are thinking about if you should do it, GET IT!
 Got twitchy clicky camera with blinking red light. All internet research pointed to faulty power supply. Not unexpected after four years of continuous use. Plugged this in and everything is back online. Only negative is that the cord is 4+ feet shorter than the one that came with the camera so I had to use an extension cord hence the loss of a single star.
 I like the fact that it comes with lots of mounting gear
 I'm not a tech expert and I got this thing up and recording in motion detection on the first try. The video quality is really good. Add your SD card and then plug-n-play. The mobility of this is great for spot checking different areas indoors while my security cameras keep an eye on the outside areas.
 I recently purchased this camera to keep an eye on my foster dog. He has a history of seizures and I needed a way to watch him while I'm at work. The picture quality is excellent as well as the range of motion. Night vision works great too. I have had to reset it a few times because its gone offline but its fast and easy to do.
 Well made. A bit heavy - lots of metal.
 good for lighting up shots under cars. of now light areas
 So far so good. Opted for the Smooth-Q over the DJI Osmo based on price and reviews. Once you get the hang of the mode switches, it has been a proven performer.
 Works good. A bit disappointed in battery life. They are a bigger capacity than OEM but seem to last the same amount of time. No scientific data to back this up but after shooting for so many years, it's like driving a car.. you know after a while that it' time to look at the gas gauge because your probably almost out. Sure enough. The price is excellent so complaining about that it is stupid. :)
 Overall I like the camera. I had a few issues though. Just be clear, it's by no means a professional camera. I'd recommend vloggers get a better camera. I was embarrassed of how blurry my videos were if I had any movement at all so alot of my content I made was actually unusable for my channel. It is, however, just a good basic home video camera. It also doesn't create quality photos, so wouldn't plan for it to double as your regular camera. The tripod broke on my first use unfortunately, but love the other accessories.
 Very surprised by the quality of the video!!! I️ uploaded a video clip to my iPad Pro 12.9, and the image was so clear! Nice result from such a small package!
 This product is easy enough to install. I’ve been using it as a door sensor for under 2 months and am starting to notice an increased notification lag or missing notifications too (door opening but not closing for example which is a bit alarming). Not sure what the reason. Could be that the batteries are already running low, it not likely to be the WiFi because i got a great setup.
 Built well. 2 batteries is a plus.
 I lake every thing about this camera the colors very clear
 I could not give it a higher score as I found to small to fit my D3400 and lens. I returned it and got the 300 instead, I like what I saw to see if the 300 would give me the room I need for my Camara and hiking needs. Loved the pockets and light feel
 I got two prepaid sim cards from TMobile on a 2 for 65$ deal. They work pretty good. The solar panels keep the battery decline very slow. it's Autumn in New Jersey, I have a feeling if I were in a sunnier climate the battery would stay topped at 100%. The alert feature has much to be desired. It doesn't start recording until a second after it detects something, even later if you reduce the sensitivity. I reduced the sensitivity to 60 and it didn't record an Amazon delivery. I've left it at 89 for now. It did a good job of capturing one suspicious dude who appeared to check out a package on my porch. To get the higher quality of the video I had to use the App Store app on my Mac Pro. Really wish there was a version that had facial recognition or easy integration with my own cloud account but this camera appears to be the only consumer option available for properties with no wifi or power.
 This is a small camera that is good for kids. It is lightweight and pretty easy to use. My 5 year old is having lots of fun taking pictures with her own camera. She also loves the color. It is nice & durable for kids.
 It's a fast and easy way to get started with small product photography. This box plus a good phone camera is enough to produce pretty decent images. The two things that fall short are: 1. Lights - Can't adjust or move them, they are where they are, and you can't dim or adjust them. 2. The box is solid, and light can't shine through like a cloth box. That means even if you have your own small lights and wanna shine them over the top, or on the sides, that's a no-go. I have a fabric box and will stick with that one. Every photographer knows how important lighting is, and this is where this little box falls short.
 This thing is a lot of fun. However DJI software lacks a little.
 Product that came was a different hello kitty film.
 Just what I wanted do everything it says it dose could be a lil stiffer for in wall use but it dose work
 Some items does not fit, casting issues.
 It was cool but it wasn’t very black and white, more like sepia
 Love how light weight. Not best power, but are sufficient for sitting at a ball game and not being overly picky, but rather loving how light they are.
 works as expected. They are a bit stiff. They have some voltage drop at a few amps.
 Overall, this camera does really well for basic use! It will likely be much higher quality than a built in laptop camera and is more maneuverable. A couple things to note is that it has trouble focusing on things close to it, so if you need to take pictures of your school idea for online school, it will be a little blurry. Also, the edges have a little bit of a fish-eye effect, but that doesn't bother me at all!
 came in handy for the roadtrip, good quality and price
 The Hero 7 Black is an amazing little camera. It takes some time to get used to the small screen and sensitive controls on the screen, but once you have figured them out, the camera takes wonderful pictures. Just wish that the batteries lasted longer.
 Easy to mount, but initial assembly could use some instructions. Very cute design, looks like a little birdhouse mounted above the trellis on my fence. Would have given it 5 stars except the adjusting down feature needs to be better designed. Very difficult to set. Side to side adjusting was easy.
 Very odd to set up but I have LOVED it once I got through that. I keep this particular soft box in studio so I don’t take it up and down.
 This digital microscope is ease to set up and easy to use. It was purchased for a elementary school student to introduce them to the world of very small. It was a perfect science tool disguised as a gift.
 Camera looks sharp. I have a sony camera from years ago so finally updated. Seems nice. Haven't really used it charging now. So far I like it. Easy to carry and hold. Like all the bundle products and cheaper than any retail store.
 This ball head surprised me. For the price it is excellent. It is a bit more difficult to adjust than my Arca Swiss, but it I use it on my monopod mostly and it works well.
 Front door use.....works very good once you get it setup....
 Very easy setup. Good quality picture. Good night vision pictures. Does not have a panning feature.
 This frame has two singular stand out features from all the other frames out there, minus one (Aura, which is much more expensive). 1- it's white. No idea why this is such a challenging or overlooked feature on the digital frame market, but no one else offers this frame color. 2- it's cordless. Again, not an extraordinary concept, but still no one else offers this. These two features alone, coupled with the wireless transmission/app for uploading pics feature, is what made this the hands down choice! Small downsides: 1- Not being able to manage the photo content from the app (to delete, etc you have to do it directly on the frame, which is unfortunate if you're managing multiple frames, or tenor frames, like grandparents, this makes it much more challenging to accomplish updating). 2- it doesn't play gifs or live photos. 3- when videos come up, the play bar, volume bar, and edit button all pop up, changing the look of the display, and jolting you away from the smooth transition/viewing experience. I really hope they change that with an update in the future. it's highly distracting and visually unpleasant. Small aside: I also wish the frame was matte, like a real photo frame because it creates quite the glare, but it's still beautiful nonetheless. Very pleased overall!
 Using 4 cameras at the time. This camera system is my first personal system, the app function is not always reliable and the playback doesnt load correctly. (Note 8 android) loads up on iPad and plays but isnt reliable and slow. Playback on system itself does 30 minute intervals during playback and each camera has to catch up, one at a time. Over all it a good system and withstands texas weather pretty well.
 Camera on first look appears to be excellent. Am just a travel photographer and the portable long lens will a dramatic improvement to my travel shots. The big issue issue with this package is that it includes two small tri-pods that are inadequate for the weight of the camera.
 Very nice backdrop Delivered quickly Very satisfied
 Works well but you have to make sure you are not connected to bluetooth on your phone as the signal interferes with the download. App is okay but not the best.
 Very handy stylish bag, I wish it had a slot for extra film. My boyfriend had to carry the extra film in his pocket which got old really quick.
 I like all the info you get from the unit compared to others available in this price range. It seems to work well (unfortunately for me...now I know how many batteries are past the point of no return ;) )...only complaint I have is that the LED readout is a lot dimmer than I expected.
 For the money, its good. It should be fine, seems built well. Of course you could spend more and get much better stuff but its definetely worth the money! I attatched it to my motorcycle helmet like in the picture. Its kinda confusing of how to manipulate it to get it straight but once you fiddle around with it, it looks great. Theres a lotta plastic hanging off the front of your helmet but it doesnt look bad in my opinion. Get it!
 I like the look and size of this little camera. Picture quality is good too. But I’d hope it could be used as a web cam too. It doesn’t connect to internet...
 Good image, nice app, poor sound.
 Excellent tripod. Uses standard screw mount so can mount various different cameras and phones, provided you have a compatible mount. Sturdy, well built. Can adjust the height of the tripod and has an easy adjust handle as well. Used to mount a GoPro, Samsung s9+, digital camera. All mounted perfectly without issue. Includes a bubble level but not sure how useful it is since it's on the side and can't level unless you're using the tripod sideways which is impossible.
 Great concept but a little cumbersome to micro adjust
 For the price it has stepped up my focal view for my crop frame camera tremendously shoots a little on the dark side those overall for the price really steps up my photography!
 They feel cheap, but they get the job done. Pretty easy to cross threads by accident compared to other lens caps, but you get used to it. The lens cloth was really handy. I'm buying them again due to the value.
 It's affordable. The quality is acceptable. The spacious design fits my needs. Will it last forever - probably not, but it will work. I purchased it for my Nikon camera and accessories. I would recommend it to others, and I would buy it again.
 It's very sturdy and I love how easy it is to turn the knobs
 Overall this little guy records great 1080p video. I was surprised on the quality for the price. If your interested/new to action cams and don't want to fork out the big bucks, then this camera will probably do the trick. 4/5 stars only because the 4k was weird. It maybe user error but I got really great frames with the standard 1080p setting.
 It's a fairly okay lens at the price point. Not a pro lens, but more like an average to below average build quality, but above average image quality. I ended up sticking with the 24-70 f/2.8 II L lens, which is way more expensive and way heavier, however my photography demanded it.
 I like this digital frame for its simplicity and at a great price. The only hiccup is some of the pictures transfer the wrong direction. You need to fix it on the flash drive, you cannot turn the direction of the photo from the frame. Thank you.
 the pics are very good, however, like other reviewers have noted, difficult to see which modes you are in for shots as the screen is super hard to see under water. I think over time one would get better using it. It's not the easiest camera to use, but again, reading the online manual and practicing with it ....
 Seems to be a good, lightweight tripod. A bit of interference with the two handles but not a big deal. Not quite the quality of my other Manfrotto tripods.
 Takes great video I actually use this on my radio controlled truck and stabilization is great.the only drawback is playing back video must be done through apple quick time.. you will get no sound if played on Windows..
 Good buy should have some video software with it.,
 Love this back pack camera case, if I could say one thing that is unusual is that it opens from the back side, its a bit awkward as you have to keep moving the shoulder straps. Perhaps that was to prevent someone from accessing it in crowded areas. Otherwise the look and feel of the product is very nice.
 Perfect for what I bought it for. Nice inexpensive bag for extra camera gear.
 Works fine, the remote is obsolete, sine the D5300 (and other models) has IR builtin
 " A nice safety device to have. I have it on my purse strap and feel safer just knowing I have it on me. The light on it is a great added bonus to the alarm and has come in handy when it’s too dark to see. I tested out the alarm and it was easy to turn on and off, the alarm sound itself was loud and I'm sure it will do it's job if ever need it in a situation. This is a perfect gift to anyone.I highly recommend this product."
 Good to have in your bag if you’re not ready to spend more
 Just one thing, I wish it had a Velcro closure.
 Great, but has a short range.
 This is a Christmas give for my grand daughter...she will love it. Quick delivery and in perfect condition.
 There are pros and cons to this product. Pros: it works well; I can see my kids while they sleep; the monitor let's me know when it needs to charge; I like that there is a music button, with the VOX setting, the screen turns off when kids are quiet which preserves battery life; it gives us the option to mount to the wall with 2 holes on the back; it does not connect to WiFi which prevents hackers, so keeps my kids safe; it has volume controls and I can talk to my kids through the monitor which is great when I see them doing something they should not; the monitor for my kids room can twist different ways which is great when mounting. Cons: the screen is small; picture quality is not so great; because of the piece that stands the parent up and the charging cable, it can be awkward to stand up; the volume is not very loud; even though it's given the option to mount, no screws come with it to mount; the speaker control is not great and sometimes my kids can't hear me through it; it only sometimes beeps when the kids monitor gets unplugged. I've given it a 4 because for the most part it does it's job and it's good for what I need it for and that is to be a second monitor to the one of a different brand that I already have. It's not as good as my other one, but it works.
 I bought one of these based on my neighbor’s recommendation. He’s not super technical and had no issues getting his set up. My experience was much more complicated. In a nutshell, I’ve been on the phone with tech support several times. Why four stars in light of my challenges? Once the camera is set up, it’s really nice. I replaced a Foscam with this Amcrest. I also use Blink and Ring cameras. The image quality is very good and excellent in HD mode. The camera’s movements, via their app, are quick and their free cloud app provides some free recordings storage. So, the hassle I experienced, which you may not, is worth it considering the quality of the camera.
 Works great for a compact tripod, there is no articulating head, so it's pretty much flat unless you angle it with one of the legs. You'll need an allen wrench to tighten the center bolt in the bottom. (if the legs are loose, the center bolt also tightens the drag). Solidly built.
 picture clarity is not as good as expected, but does the job.
 Nice product. No issues with the camera view once put in the unit. Only issue was the screws to close unit around camera were very small and difficult to work with but better than something that just snaps shut.
 Super easy to use and works well. I wish it was a little longer and the Bluetooth remote sometimes doesn’t work and I’m not sure why.
 Room for all my camera gear in a solid case.
 This is a pretty fun gadget. It's a little bulkier than your average pen, but it can definitely pull off a recording without being too oblivious. The folder to access the videos/pics is super easy to access when plugging it into a computer.
 The thin flat wire connection is too brittle. Had one rip already.
 Good quality picture
 planed to get two of these but decided to get a one and a 7" reflector instead those two work great together and put off getting the second one till later.
 I should have ordered the wireless product it would have been easier. But all n all it worked as it should have.
 I like the size and weight of the camera and the fact that it's waterproof. I do wish it had come with better directions on how to use the accessories. I watched the videos but still didn't understand how to use them all. I mainly want to use this for recording underwater while snorkeling but can't figure out how to carry it.
 This is my 2nd one With 1st one I had a problem i send it back they're send me a new one batterys there ok I had a issue with charger so pay attention to charger
 Enjoying so far but many reviews state two batteries but mine only came with one.
 I like the storage but not how you have to take it off to get to the gear inside
 Propeller broke off mid flight without ever crashing up to that point. Called Amazon and they replaced, no problem at all. Sporty and fun to fly and navigate. Camera quality is awesome!!
 These softbox lights are not the best quality that is for sure. However, for the cost I suppose you get what you pay for. They are not sturdy at all and extremely top heavy. When they are at their full height they fall over all the time. The only way I have found to help solve this problem is to put one of the legs forward to help take the weight. This helps some but not completely. Also, the cords are not nearly long enough. I had to get an extension cord hooked to a 4 plugin outlet, and then had to set that up on boxes. So the cords are completely in my way. If the electrical cords were about twice the length they are, that would be much better. Over all, they do the job, but are definitely not the best thing out there. In the future I will be looking for replacements.
 This is a nice solid camera with useful features. It looks nice and doesn’t immediately stand out as a camera, which makes it inconspicuous. I managed to get it to work with Echo Spot, but it took a few tries and restarts to get it to work, but it’s been fine since. I also have another EZVIZ camera that works well and I can see both cameras. I’ll probably buy a few more of these, provided these last a while.
 Nice for the price. The video stream sometimes halts, but otherwise its pretty good for checking in on the dogs while we’re away.
 Good Security system also the Support Tech is great!
 I’d give this a 5 star, but I wish it was a little thicker. Some of the inexpensive backgrounds are on a lightweight fabric, which seems to photograph much easier. This thin vinyl is not as easy to get wrinkles out. However, I absolutely love the picture and design and in that aspect it did photograph well. I shot at a very shallow d.o.f. and was able to photoshop any noticeable creases out.
 great small cheap budget camera. Very easy to install and you just have to download the app in appstore. once i tis connected to your wifi network, you can go on the app and view it from anywhere around the world.
 Easy to attach. Seems to work as described
 This comes with tiny screws that I find to be a pain to put in. It comes with the screwdriver needed for it so it's almost like blindly screwing them in. If you need to change it in any way be prepared to take the whole case off again. I got a SD card for it after I put the case on so I had to take it off to put on. If you plan to put one in I recommend doing it before putting together. If you need to rest it you will also have to remove the case. I changed WiFi and had to rest the camera and needed to reset it.
 Got it for my 13 YO daughter. She says close pictures turn out well but zooming leaves things a little blurry. She loves the quality of the videos. Overall she is happy with it.
 Good for the price like the reviews say. I don't know if it is myself or the system but exporting is troublesome. It likes to take long clips and break them up into minutes and seconds making the need for a video editor relevant. I caught a junkie destroying an A/C unit and discovered he was hanging around the place all day stealing from all the neighbors and hiding the loot in an empty house. Trying to export the clips turned into 100's of clips. It was only 2 hours total of important footage. 3 cameras angles, 6 different times. Yet the footage on export became 100's ov mini clips. Again I'm not sure if it was myself not doing something correctly or if it is the software. I also had to install a new video viewer to view the footage externally regardless of the video type chosen for export. Other than that. Great camera set up for the cost. They vastly reduced the amount of drama on my block. Including me and my attitude of course. Random people stopped entering the area up to no good and they do a better job than the lazy police at crime prevention in my area.
 For the cost it's a good value. there is really no night vision, but the converting to black and white does help. I had some initial issues with the picture quality, but a reboot fixed that. The motion alarm works great....little too good, ceiling fan set it off constantly. The only downside is i can't hear anything when i turn on the sound. Could not see the camera lens without very close scrutiny and the exact angle. Very stealth. Set up was simple and quick. Very user friendly interface. I'm happy with the purchase but feel the extra money for the next level up was definitely worth it.
 I recognized this camera remove the external microphone port after I bought the ext microphone . this product description was not clear. So far this camera is good. If this microphone problem dose not occur, I will put 5 stars
 Cool love it but why is the film so expensive 😭
 Came with a whole set of mounts for different activities!
 So far it’s going well. The app does crash a lot. The trick is to the app is to completely close it and open it each time for use.
 Extremely portable and easy to use. My only complaint is that the touch screen makes it a little difficult to adjust where the camera is pointing at times. This camera is great for people who are on the move a lot but not necessarily for sports or climbing.
 Great for the money. Looks nice in pics of you have good lighting. Wrinkles extremely easily would be my biggest criticism.
 I received the batteries very quickly. All of the batteries worked out of the package except one. I charged it for 8 hrs and it was fine. I feel these are a great value and necessity to use in surveillance cameras.
 It does what it needs to do. The clip that holds the screw for the camera feels a bit flimsy.
 love it, works after my A Zone camera failed
 My brother bought this for me for Christmas so I can spy on my furry baby while I'm at work. The camera was super easy to set up and has a nice wide angle so I can see the entire room with just the one camera. The app is simple to use. The only thing preventing a 5 star review is that the app usually takes two tries before it connects to the camera. The first time usually fails with an "Unable to connect" message, so you have to press the refresh to try again. A little annoying but camera still works fine so I'm happy with it.
 Good glasses for a fair price.
 These cameras were set up easily on my phone. They are tiny bullet cameras that can withstand the elements. One of them has awful battery life. CR123 batteries are expensive and it's a weird glitch that causes one to drain batteries.
 Great video quality for the price. It’s not very durable. I had to replace it after only 2-3 falls
 The lenses are very versatile. They all come with covers and a case so you can keep them organized. The clarity is good/fair. Expected more sharpness
 Must turn down light to make work.
 it works great, once you learn the settings its a piece of cake. real easy to use. type in the date and time yourself. as it is shown in the manual with the current time. the computer will do it incorrectly.
 Good, but the handles are really hard to handle as they are very little
 I am not giving it a full 5 stars and it may be unfair. Could be operator error but we can't seem to get the video to record. It takes stills, night vision is very good, gives mobile alerts, can be moved via phone and even hear and speak through phone. Did I mention it's cute?! It picks up the smallest movement, Plus its a great price. Going to get another one or two.
 This item was purchased after a tri pod from a different manufacturer was delivered broke. I decided to Step up to a better quality tri pod. So far been satisfied with performance.
 This is a very handy little light. So far I've used it on 3 shoots. On one shoot I needed a battery powered light that I could move quickly. No cord, no hot light. Just handy. I've also used it for fill a couple of times, so being dimmable has been helpful. The cord, when used, is a bit short, so you have to rig the power adapter to the stand if you are raising the light. I wasn't expecting anything heavily armored, so the build quality is fine for my use. Light output is fine for its size. For me it's a good little light and the price is right. I docked it a star for the short cord, which today was aggravating.
 The optics are pretty good for the money, sadly the mobile phone attachment is so tricky to use that often we don't bother even trying. This is a shame as it was a large part of my purchase. Still though, for the money the optics are very impressive, they're very portable and a joy to use.
 The microscope is easy to use and I can connect it to my phone. It has a high definition and can be photographed clearly in the dark, it is very small and easy to carry.
 This is awesome!!!!! Easy to assemble and use!
 I needed something dimmable and USB powered. This is perfect. I don't use the mixed or warm color gel option much, cool light and 10 settings for brightness are awesome. What a great light!
 Easy to assemble. Very high quality product. EVERYTHING worked fine. I could not be more happy with this product. Will recommend to everyone.
 It's professional and huge but folds away into less than the size of a book!
 I got this charger base so I can attach my Oslo Pocket to a mini tripod for motion time lapse video. The camera fits perfectly into the charger base and works great for what I need it for!
 Tremendous quality for the price and works great
 Great little flash for the Fujifilm X series cameras. Not bulky like regular size flashes and gets the job done. Love that it has HSS...definitely a plus. So far has world great. Recycling time is pretty fast. For the money, it can't be beat. I'm happy with this product.
 I do some photography so this was pretty cool to have, I have been wanting one for quite some time. I decided to cave in and get one. I must say I love it. It is very bright but you can also adjust it down a few stops. It came with a holder for your phone as well if you use your phone. My kids like it to make youtube videos with also. The tripod is not super sturdy but it does the job - we haven't had it fall or anything but it seems like it could pretty easily. The light does adjust from side to side as well so you can rotate it around. It can be changed from a cooler or warm light, this helped when using it with my camera but when I used my phone I didn't notice as much of a difference (I assume my phone tries to autocorrect the white balance anyways so that might be why). It's a fun little gadget to play with! Also it has a USB plug so you can just plug it into a computer as well if needed!
 This is our second Netvue camera, first was a indoor one, the picture quality and voice are perfect. It’s super easy to install and customer service is great if you have any question on the product. Love it so much getting 3 more as Christmas gifts.
 Awesome product for the money
 This is my first camcorder, very exciting. I have never use one, but it is really easy to set. After I followed the instructions in the manual, it's all set and ready to use. It supplied with 2 batteries, and the camera supports recording while charging. I had been recorded some video clips approximately 1.5 hours in total plus some photos as well. It supported up to 32GB SD card, which is far than enough for my own use, however, I wish it can support more capacity so I can keep more image in a single card. I haven't used it for a week since my holiday when I switched it on today, the battery still has 3 bars. Overall this is a good camcorder for those who don't want to spend a fortune like me.
 You the chest strap attachment in this kit is super sick. Strapped that thing on when riding motocross yesterday and came up with some killer shots. I forgot I was even wearing it most of the time
 This spy camera is very affordable, good quality and cheap, and the recorded picture is very clear.
 This item was extremely helpful in connecting a dvd player at our church to the Samsung tv for the kids to view stories during summer camp.
 These work perfectly for my photography and videography as cards.
 Durable and worth the price for what I paid
 I really loved this light and the light itself is amazing. However, the clip part to hold it to your phone broke after about two months of light usage. The light still works great, but I can't clip it to my phone anymore, so it's not really useful for anything. UPDATE: The company sent me a new light since the first one had broken and it has worked perfectly. Great customer service and I've had no issues with the new light at all.
 I like this camera strap a lot. I hike a lot and I always carry my dslr with me every time. It is very comfortable around my neck or shoulders even on a 9 hour hike.
 Great for a gift. My cousin is really into taking pictures so I thought her little boy might like to try being like mommy. So far he seems to like it. Picture quality is pretty good.
 Nice little battery charger. Seems to be well made. Small enough to fit in the camera bag for travelling and not be a burden. Highly recommend
 I have using ZMODO product since last 3 years and I still love it . It's keeps you connected .
 First time having a recorder. I figured that would be nice to have a recorder if you have kids.so I bought one .it is easy to use and it worked great,I can recording or taking photos.and the pictures is very clear.only thing is that it doesn’t come with a SIM card and I need to get one.but still it is worth buy.
 First of all the product was delivered fast, I found it very useful and easy to use. I was looking for GPS tracker in my car, thanks to this device I found it(hidden underneath the steering wheel), now I’m going to check my friend car to see if he got tracker on it.
 The picture quality from these cameras is amazing for the price, especially the night vision which is much much better than my old cameras so I definitely cant pick any faults with that. There is a 1080p stream .Very good CCTV camera
 works great,no matter you held it static or move it,the image is also good. The package is easy to stored.
 Great product for my purposes. I use it (along with another Crosstour camera, but previous model) as additional camera to record action video - fast movement, deem light... - it does what I need. And, of course 4K resolution is great, gives a lot of flexibility during video editing. Camera controls are simple and easy to operate. Battery life is good, again, enough for my purposes. I recorded 2 hour of almost non-stop action on one battery, and couple 32 GB micro cards. Highly recommend this product.
 I use to leave a charged battery in the battery changer, unplugged from the wall socket and then 2-3 weeks later found it drained. I do believe that this drains the battery. I now remove the battery from the charger and it is there when I need it. Now if I could just remember to turn off my camera.
 I have ten of these. So reliable, waterproof. Durable. Must have!
 Feel safe and a noticeable if has someone close to my house with this sensor alarm. Easy installment and a lot different sound you wand it or flash light with silent.
 I bought this 5 months ago and it has been a great wifi camera.
 So far I have these cameras on my house and they work excellent, I include the memories also. Got it working with my alexa, tv, computer and phone.
 Worked perfectly on my d3200
 I got what I wanted. I just wish they were a little less expensive.
 Love this! Use it for bird watching and it works great.
 Very sturdy. Good looking. Functional
 I decided to buy this lens after getting my first dslr camera. It's fantastic and the only one I use. I don't even remember where my kit lens are.
 The camera fits perfectly in the case. Love the color! It's certainly not amazing build quality, but for the price, it is more than fair. Love it.
 It has a switch to block the camera and looks just like a pen once done. The quality is impressive for something so small. Also it is not too bulky. I use it in my car when parked. recording is very intuitive with a press of a button.
 I’m a content creator and I bought this tripod to replace my shorter, non ball-head, name brand tripod. This tripod has a gradient on its head and it helped me to get a horizontal panning shots accurately. Size and weight is just right for me. Switching on a ball head tripod, I can now achieve a smooth pan and tilt movements smoother and faster since these doesn’t require separate adjustments unlike what I had before. The tripod feels light yet very rigid and seems durable but, I might have to update this review as I use it more. I have attached a couple of pictures to better illustrate my review.
 best price i found for film on here. photos look vivid just as they’re supposed to
 Excellent assortment of accessories for Sony camera. Extra batter and charger come in handly.
 Came as described and very compact. I used it to mount my camera and take family pictures during Christmas holidays and it worked great. The legs are adjustable to 3 different levels and each level has a lock switch. Very good design and good quality.
 Great view for a great price! Can’t beat that.
 Image quality, magnification, and stabilization are incredible. The sale price made it a "steal". Bought them for a safari trip and the imaging was magnificent. I have a some pricey camera lenses and could not get close to the quality.
 I am writing this review after 7 months of use and I must say that this strap is the best I've ever used. It is holding up extremely well. Still looks as good as new. Leather is high grade and Quality is second to none. People compliment it all the time as it looks so good on my Fuji X100F. Just looks at the quality of the mounting rings used on this thing compared to my old strap. It is so my thicker and feels way more secure than others. I also like the fact that the mounting ring is also protected from scratching the camera. If you are looking for a quality strap that I believe will last you a life time then look no further. Save yourself multiple purchases looking for the right one and just get this one. You will not regret it.
 I had been having a great time learning how to use my new action camera, this camera came with different accessories mounts, the LCD display is great quality, also it came with a remote control, after downloading the Live VD app has come more easy to upload videos and pictures to my social media account. I recommend this action camera to all the people that like to make memories on their adventurers. The price is good and quality is great not mentioning that also comes with a microphone.
 The installation was done quickly and I want to say that this security camera 360 has a well-thought look. My friends didn’t notice it at once. It works properly, providing a good quality video and functioning. I hope it’ll serve me for a long time.
 We like that it’s easy to use, just put an sd card or usb drive. Comes with a remote since photos on the ad doesn’t show one just so you know. So far it’s working great, no problem at all.
 Works good with phone or camera
 I LOOVED this. I know most of the reviews say it but ya it's way better than you expect. The power of the leds is amazing, super bright light, you can switch it between cool and warm light and and through different intensities.
 Good value and work good
 As a mother with two children, when the children have ear problems, I always get in a hurry and get used to using bulky flashlights to observe whether there are foreign bodies, and the kids will also appear a little resistant. I've never used any otoscope before, so it's a very fresh experience. The instructions make it easy to operate and show clear pictures on my iPhone. For families, this is a practical tool for parents with children.
 I bought It, But it have some trouble. I sent email to technician support and they response quickly.superb tech service.satisfied customer
 This camera makes me feel fine for my kids when I’m not home. Easy install and setup.
 No one know this clock is camera and it is easy to use, which I like it most. I've used it around one week and I'm totally satisfied with the purchase. High quality video, very easy and convenient use. Very good design. All I had to do was plug in the power cable and turn on the switch which is at the back. This switch allows you to turn on and off the camera. When I turned it on, the camera name showed up in my Wi-Fi list and on a click I was connected to the camera. The hidden camera works great in the low light and you can turn on and off night mode. the spy cam has other cool features as well. Highly recommended!
 Fits perfectly, could have more room in zipper pocket
 Good bag, smaller than expected, but if you don't have a lot of lenses for your camera it's great. All of the straps are really long. If you want to keep the bag right to your body, you're going to have a lot of the strap material to deal with.
 These were a pleasant surprise! I expected them to be much bigger, but I love the small, compact size. Much lighter and easier to carry around my neck on hikes, as opposed to my Bushnell binoculars. I bought these for my daughter, but I'm going to buy myself a pair next!
 We really needed these my boyfriend set them up at our gate and them they work awesome there are really loud I feel much safer now
 awesome very sturdy well made cute
 This tripod is awesome. Light, easy to carry, and sturdy. Setup is a breeze. Very compact.
 It is definitely the cutest photo box I have seen. It is very handy and very easy to set up. And also tidy up. I love how it is designed to be that portable. Very easy for me to carry between workplaces I love how cute is the lights and it also come with blue and yellow folder for the light. I am impressed with this and this price point.
 I just got it and it took me few minutes to test it and it is amazing - it will be perfect for my child as it is very easy to use, it is light , fancy design and overall is a great bargain for a real camera for kids! very pleased and can't wait to see my child's face when they will see it :)
 Perfect, small, light-weight binoculars! Well-made. I love them because they fold up into a tiny configuration, so I can carry them in my pocket, purse, or bag. I especially like them for concerts and theater shows.
 This camera has a high pixel count and is lightweight enough to carry around. Recently my friend always invited me to take a photo with my camera. Boston is in the fall, the maple leaves are very beautiful. It’s really time to buy this camera.
 Great! Exactly what I needed.
 Very happy w/ this product and purchase. Arrived well packaged. A good shopping experience.
 very easy to use, phone fits perfectly (using iphone 7 plus) and i love the smooth knob so i can get just the right amount of brightness. it’s also very cool that the stand can bend. i haven’t found a need for the bending stand but i’m sure someone could find a use for it, it’s a bonus.
 Install went ez, wires are a little thin hope they last.
 Very intuitive installation, good results
 Love the designs! And the stickers are of good quality.
 My son loves his camera and this is a great case for it
 Works great. easy to use
 Super easy and works great!
 Tight fit for go pro hero 5. Does the job and attached to the selfie stick ok. Not smashed it around yet but plastic seems fairly robust.
 I got the lights today and everything is in good condition and is working, and I received all the prices. I love how easy these lights were to put together. The lights are also very easy to adjust to different heights and positions, and they are not that heavy to help move them around. These lights are great. Very useful, economical and sufficient for my use.
 I like it.works well. Very good clear quality video. Pairs very nicely with my Android and iOS phone. I looks to be compatible with the Alexa and Google devices but I haven't tried it yet. I will say since I set up this camera I now know which dog is getting in my trash!
 My favorite lens to shoot with. Beautiful pictures
 Exactly as ordered. Came in fast. Quite responsive and easy to use. 360° pan and tilt. I liked it so much I ordered another.
 No tools required! This backdrop stand pieces together rather easily as well as it adjusts from all sides. The metal stand bases keep it flat so it's stays on the ground with no tipping.
 So far very impressed with the quality for the small price I paid.
 I purchased this to be able to check on my son who is currently 9 weeks old. The video on this monitor is great and the sound as well. I can talk to him through my phone. Downloading the app for this device was really easy and I followed the step by step instructions with no problems. When he makes a noise I get an alert on my phone. This definitely keeps me from checking on him every 2 minutes. I just watch him from my phone, if I’m not in the same room. The price is inexpensive but the quality is great!
 I bought another one of these with no back sliding cover and it was total garbage. Bad fit, scratched my Hero 6 just trying to get it in the case. THIS case is 100% perfect! Slides in easily, without rattling around. Back cover fit perfect... battery door opens easily... all buttons and lights easily accessible and easily seen.the lens area does cover the LCD slightly, but it's a small trade off to pay so that you can use standard size lens filters. I highly recommend this case as long as you don't have an issue adding a little weight to your GoPro.
 VERY STURDY... NO SLIP... EASY TO MOUNT... IT JUST WORKS... GET IT ALREADY...
 Great camera, has come in handy so much! Wish we would have bought sooner.
 I've bought a similar setup in the past and these lights are a good compliment for my studio setting. Love that you can adjust the lightbulbs. Sturdy and very bright!
 Its a nice, well built piece that has a good amount of adjustment. I'd probably get the larger size next time though as I'm almost always using it fully open.
 Very good service. Pleased with the optical performance of the binoculars.
 The best security camera’s I have ever had very clear pic Able to watch from home or away motion detector as far away as you want. My money will be used to purchase Arlo products Great products
 The Drone has really good range I can never get it to run out of range it's batteries last for 11 minutes on average and it goes really fast
 very much like a go pro camera, without some fancy features and hefty price tag. For the price, it's pretty good. Those attachments and mounting accessory are big pluses. I got it for a near future trip to beach.
 Not much to say with this product, it works exactly as excpected, the webcam I have has a nice little threaded hole to place it directly ontop of the tripod. Decent quality material, should work for you if you just want a little tripod.
 Overall value for money and very versatile. Highly recommended.
 Got to me fast, good product !
 Have not had a chance to use product yet. First impression- if it works as good as it looks I'll be real happy.
 Worked perfectly, couldn't believe when I lost it. Guarding it more closely. Loved prime delivery and received it while on a trip.
 My husband bought this for me and I am inlove with it. It is very easy to use and simple. It has a strap when recording that makes it comfortable to use.
 Perfect size, plus just plug and play with no problems.
 This is an awesome product. It has a night vision, pictures are clear, easy to set up and can be accessed through my phone plus I can speak to someone who ring the doorbell. I am just so happy and so satisfied with this product. It's worth the price. I will really recomment this to someone who is looking for a doorbell with camera its cheap but do really amazing job.
 Im sure there are great bags and storage cases online, but I found my way to this one and it suits my needs. Holds all the go pro equipment I use and seems to be made of very high quality.
 Very nice camera bag with plenty of room for my camera and extra zoom lens. Plenty of compartments for all the other accessories, spare batteries, charger etc.
 I have been looking for a camera inside my home that would be inexpensive but good quality and this one definitely met my expectations, it’s very clear easy to set up and best of all I can speak through the mic which comes in hand with children.
 The bag fits all my needs and can pack a lot of items in this bag with ease. I have no complaints at all. I would purchase again if needed without question.
 Camera super great and amazing amount of attachments. I won't ever need to buy anything else ever again.
 Good quality cables , the connections are made of durable materials, cables produce a great quality viewing and playback , these work just as good as some of the higher priced high end cables , I’d recommend these to my friends and family
 Must have if you have a mavic pro.
 Came with everything & more, love it so far. Also shipped fast & received fast!
 Great camera for the price
 great product, was skeptical at first as i have used RG 59 and gauge 18 cables for years. to my surprise, these cables deliver the video image in HD quality all the time. for distances under a 100 feet, they are definitely worth a try.
 I needed an affordable dual charger for my Sony a7iii batteries, considering Sony does not pack a wall charger in the box with a new camera - this was exactly what I needed.
 Great camera to use inside the house facing the door since it can not be used outside because of the wires. Great quality.
 Great value. Came with all attachments.
 I will use this product during the next time I view the sun. It fit my scope well and appears to be well made.
 Great little radio light and easy controls. I’m using it in my she shed where it is ideal. Also a good idea I believe to have a battery radio in times of extreme weather emergencies when power is lost.
 Bought just one to test it out and I like it . It has a good wide view and decent quality. Really good vision during the day. I’m probably going to buy more they’re good for the price .
 great product!! better than i expected
 I bought this product with the stabilizer together and tried it on with my iPhone to see how it actually works. The led light gives me a substantial amount of light that is required for my shootings! But I suggest you buy more than one if you want to get all-angled lighting since the light might not be big enough to cover a wide-angle shot. It is easy to use, bright and meets my need. Recommended!
 Looks good. Works well.
 The flexibility was great as the camera fit perfectly. As this was to be used in Australia, it was important to be light and portable to fit into luggage for the trip from the states. The gear arrived in plenty of time before the trip to test it out and see if there were any concerns.... there were none.
 I have purchased two of these to use as "nanny cams" for my dog while I am away at work. She has been crate trained for about two years, and I am in the process of giving her additional freedom because my hours have gotten longer at the office. These cameras have been a life saver. I use them to check in occasionally throughout the day, but the video is crystal clear, even at night, and the ability to pan the camera is a welcome addition at this price point.
 The quality of the picture is not so good.
 Bought this and my wife almost made me return it (a little upset with the price of the purchase). Glad she let me keep it, this thing is awesome!
 This camera is perfect for our 5 year old daughter. It's easy to use, and has a lot of fun features. Great item for a great price.
 This hidden camera is super MINI and completely able to be hidden. It comes with brackets, clip, manual, and USB cable. It doesn't come with a micro SD card. This camera is very small and we can keep everywhere we want and records the whole wide-angle and quality also good.Just charge the device up and hide wherever you want. It's super simple and doesn't require wifi, so make sure you have an SD card to record what you want. It has several modes as well such as night vision, motion detection, etc. I am using this for motion detection in my house. With this camera, I have the ability to record when we leave without it being constant recording. It's completely able to be charging while it's in use so set on motion detection settings around our valuables when we're not there will be perfect for what we need. I took a pic above to show, you will not believe it when you buy it that such great quality pictures come from this tiny little camera. It could also work as a portable device you could clip onto your shirt or even in a hair tie and have everything you want to be recorded. It's really super neat!
 Easy to put on look nice when it on when you outside
 Worked great. Needed to convert cat 6 for a camera system. Worked as advertised and issues so far.
 I bought this for a family reunion he was a great price and I didn’t have one so I figured I’d give it a shot I was very impressed that it came with all the accessories that you can need even including the memory card and a carrying case it’s very easy to use It’s very light and compact the picture quality is good I tried to upload a video but I didn’t have any success so that you can see the quality of the pictures I did include pictures of the product and how his package came very well packaged also. Overall I’m very pleased with this purchase it was great value for the price and it’s very convenient to carry around with you not bulky I would definitely recommend this product
 I'm so glad we bought this security camera, it is weather proof, has night vision and high definition. definitely way affordable than the hardware stores in my area such as harbor freight, lowes, etc! great deal! the glare is because of the light outside, the one that has no glare does not have a light, and it's so clear with the night vision.
 Purchased for a gift and it is loved.
 We were very pleased with the pics and quality for the price of the camera. I was looking for something cheap in case we lost it while scuba diving. We were down. 90ft without any leakage and great pic quality.
 Does exactly what I wanted. Very easy to install. Perfect for with the phone.
 Great for hand held shots
 Perfect size and stacks to the wall. Love it.
 I love this selfie stick and the fact that it can be a tripod too is amazing! While it is for selfies and taking pictures, I will be using this for videos too! the remote is awesome too and connects easily to my phone via blue tooth! The phone holder part of the stick is nicely cushioned and holds the phone in place and this selfie stick does not plug into your phone like the other selfie sticks out there. So make sure your bluetooth setting is on and to pair it. I can't wait to put this bad boy to good use!
 Cute and cheap. Granddaughter loves it!
 This is fun, one handed and focus wheel on top, great idea with the lens cap ATTACHED but falls downward so its not in your way and its attached so you don't lose it either. BRILLIANT ! Took some practice shots to show. I will use this a whole lot more than my binoculars. GREAT PRODUCT APEMAN !!!!
 Nice to have 2 charging options in one device - good value for the money, and works good as well.
 We really are very pleased with this item. It works well. I have to admit we had a hard time trying to get it to connect to the internet, but then my son-in-law took a peek at it and had it connected in no time. For the price, you can't beat it!
 Everything is always wide and clear in my monocular. I can see long distances very well with them. Overall, this is a great telescope with reasonable price!
 These things really suck they've been stuck on my windows now for two weeks through hot and cold weather and rain. They just keep sticking in there and have not fallen off I like it
 Works great. Clear image. East to setup and use with the app.
 This camera is amazing! Picture clarity day and night is super clear. Install was super easy and default settings were spot on where they need to be.
 Not yet tried if it is working but it seems good quality. I need to set it up and wait to see.
 What more can I say but these batteries worked like a charm and all I needed for an all day wedding
 What you get is exactly what you see. Everything works well, batteries come in individual plastic snap cases. Good value.
 Was looking for a screen that I could dedicate to my CCTV setup instead of using my computer for it. Got this one and got the software put on it easily and now I have it in my office where I can always keep an eye on the cameras while I'm working.
 Amazon has been great. Product has showed up sooner than it said. Installed with-in minutes. Well made.
 This product arrived in excellent condition and was on time
 Great quality, highly recommend.
 I have recently bought another camera for my room and that one is larger than it, the reason why I bought this mini spy camera is I wanted something small and discreet in the living room. Very easy to set up with the app and to configure, the picture quality, recording and detection work as expected. It comes with a battery pack for the mini cam portable using, and one piece of usb cable to charge the mini hidden camera for long time using. It can be set to connect with your WiFi so you can watch live video or record from anywhere using the app on your phone.
 I absolutely loved this backdrop except for the wrinkles from folding.
 Bought used but camera itself looks completely unused. Good.
 for those of you wondering, it fit the DJI Osmo perfectly!
 Great camera though as others mentioned some of the accessories arent compatible
 Just what I was looking for
 Enough said. Works great, does its job.
 Use these everywhere. Actually gotta get another, someone smashed mine thinking it was real
 Outstanding Quality. I Love this product! Well worth the purchase
 A very nice Photo studio for a small price. I bought it to take photos of my hand made crafts and it has been working out very well. The bright light help to get even the small details in the camera. So far, I am really liking it.
 Wow! It's work perfectly! I couldn't even imagine how things like this could worked. Great quality and very easy to use.
 This was a huge Christmas hit for my niece! She especially loved all of the accessories that came with the camera. Everything came packaged together and on time. Great buy and easy to use, she is 7.
 Fits perfectly and looks very nice. It seems to provide a sturdy but not bulky protection to the camera. The X100F is such a cool little camera because it is so small and has such great quality, this case doesn’t add much size wise and it’s great if you’re into street photography.
 Works great, just as advertised.
 This is a decent tripod. I use it with my iPhone 7 with bumper case. It's sturdy and flexible. I like the fact that you can attach the legs around anything like a tree on a kids playground.
 Great all around lens
 This product was bought for my father-in-law and he loves it. It has a QR code on the back for easy instructions and videos on how to use the product.
 Love the camera. I ordered the color plum but they sent me Red. I normally would have had a issue with that but I had 2 cancellations from Walmart when I ordered this same bundle in the color plum, I was just happy that I got the product from this seller.
 I am in love with this scarf. I always used the standard straps that have come with my cameras in the past. This time I decided to get something cuter and more comfortable and am so glad I chose to go with this one! The print is awesome and the material is super soft. The length is adjustable and the quality of the strap seems to be very high. I have no concerns about this strap lasting me a long time and the material is super soft so it is comfortable to wear.
 Holding up good for weekly use. Nice and reinforced hinge at top. Other brands have little support, so if it is accidentally dropped those one snap.
 way better than stock strap and the 2 small pouch is useful, doesn't bite into your skin and a bit of bounce to it makes using it a lot nicer
 I love this digital photo frame! It’s large and the photos are so clear! It’s very easy to set up and I love the fact that it has a remote control! It’s very easy to add and change pictures! I get so many compliments! This would make a perfect Christmas or wedding gift!
 After doing some research, I decided to buy this security camera. It’s absolutely amazing! It has great picture quality. I used it for watching my cats. It’s especially great at night! The motion detection is sensitive. It is value for money. Recommend it highly!
 You can’t even tell that this a camera. The box says that is a usb charger. Quality is fine, don’t expect to get had. But otherwise it works good!
 Came quickly and is very durable! Super cute!!
 Was hesitant to purchase due to the fact that it’s not a brand name lithium battery, but works and last just as well as the name brand ones. But it is very good product. Will purchase again!
 Fair price, quick shipping, works as advertised.
 Very easy to install and picture is great.
 These camera mounts are as I expected and look like they will do the job. I have only owned them a week but they look like they will hold up.
 I am very pleased with this cam. It is light weight with an ease of use second to none. The thing i am most impressed with is picture quality. For the price i wasnt expecting much more then it to work. It is far better then i could have ever expected. You can take still pics as you record without interuption and has great sound as well. Editing is simply done on device.
 Very convenient, great value! Fast shipping! I'm very satisfied.
 Wow this works awesome. I was a mile away and clicked onto the app and there I could see the camera. I plan to use more for a security camera. I wasn’t able to hook it up at first, my husband finally figured it out
 I have been waiting for these to be available in an off white/beige.
 Very easy to use, easy to install. Playback is easy as well. I have two negative to comment (1) the phone app. It works while at home but while out and about, cannot seem to get the phone app to work. What's the purpose of the app if you can't see live stream when away from home. (2) no instructions with the camera (other than a quick reference on how to hook up). Need more explanation on the features.
 Love it . It is compact, lightweight and easy to use. The view is clear and sharp. The binoculars well worth the price.
 amazing external camera display. saves me from having to upgrade to a flip out screen. this option is a cheaper add on and the screen size is much larger. no question a good buy in my book!
 Product is really nice with easy set up and shipping was fast. It is everything I was hoping for.
 The batteries in my cameras have not dropped below 100% They were easy to install as well.
 Product performs as described. It connects to my phone and I can watch through my phone while it’s recording or active.Good remotely view, the live record and pictures are very very clear,I was not expecting such a small and cheap camera to work very well but I'm very impressed.
 This is a great fixed lens for short wider angle shots. I am an intermediate amateur photographer, so I am as picky about my shots as a pro might be. Still, I like good quality shots that do not require editing. This lens worked great on my 60D and with the 430 EX III-RT flash. The filters are exactly what I needed to complete this set. The cleaning kit was also most useful in the carry pouch provided.
 This was just fantastic! Great quality for the price. More than met my expectations! The go pro sticker on the case I added .. it came with my go pro hero 5 black.
 I love these little cameras, they work great! Easy to use and quality is excellent!
 This wifi smart plug works well. To connect to the network is actually easy. I like the feature to turn the light on and off on the mobile phone or other device. The Alexa plug also can work with Alexa. The light can be turned on and off through the app. In a word,the plug makes light automatically and can also schedule when we want them on and off.
 I really like this light. It works much better than those lighted mirrors. It has provided great lighting that my makeup comes out great now.
 Wow, this is amazing. The slow-motion is perfect, the quality is great, and it's so wonderfully portable. The only this I'd say against it is that there's no way to get rid of the fish-eye lens distortion if you want to use it as a regular camera and not just as an action camera. But, as an action camera, the price/performance ratio is outstanding. It was definitely worth the money I payed for it.
 Nice little cam for the price
 Perfect shooting setup for my phone. The small size is great and it allows me to take pics and upload them quickly.
 Nice quality product. Made out of high quality material
 Works perfect I bought it for my nest outdoor cam. Very pleased works perfect no problems.
 Great accessory for the Arlo.
 Use them for my camcorder and Amazon has best price
 Perfect! As expected!
 Works as advertised. Fun to use. A little difficult to keep camera rotated so up is up. Stiff enough to get it pointed where you want.I went with wireless so I could set me phone down and use both hands to manipulate the probe without pulling the phone around. Very useful
 These were a huge hit! The props were very sturdy and everything enjoyed them!
 great camera system does what it suppose to do i am 3 months in and i have no problems...
 The great thing about this is the POE power supply directly from the DVR saving you a ton of work. You only have to mount the cameras and run the wires (supplied) plug them up and start your settings. I can view my 4 home cameras from ANYWHERE on my cell phone or lap top! It is so cool to be sitting in a restaurant and show a friend a view of your home on your cell phone. The DVR setup is a pain but the cell phone setup is SO easy!! You just scan the bar code symbol and poof, like magic you can see all of your cameras. I give the total package a 9 out of 10. I DO recommend this system.
 Such a great lens! I love using this when I'm outdoors. It has a great zoom and I'm able to get a lot of nice detail. Very easy to figure out.
 Very fast shipping for this item. This Digital camera come with wifi function.When you in the night time, which come with night vision. The picture has full HD 1080 make my picture more clearly. It is very useful for my family. Thanks A+++
 It is a very nice indoor camera that stands out. Easy set up,I am happy with my purchase and would recommend it.
 Very handy to keep all the little pieces attached and to protect the pencil tip
 Tiffen makes quality stuff
 I'm very satisfied with this camera. The quality is good and the price was OK. It works good with the remote and also with the wifi app. A decent amount of accessories are supplied. I certainly would recommend this camera if you're looking for a action cam in this price range.
 Very nice item. Light and comfortable. Doing it job
 These work well. They all fit both of my Nikon cameras. It is snug and keeps in place.
 Perfect for our baby's nursery!
 Great product for an excellent price!
 Well made at great price, high power magnification, highly recommended
 I love these lights! They are fantastic for my product photography!
 I attached the float to my cellphone for a week of snorkeling and generally being around water all the time. It was very comfortable and reassuring to wear around my wrist. I did not actually try to float the phone in the water, but am assuming it would have worked. I was actually more concerned about the skinny cord it connected to on my lifeproof case.
 Great camera,good night vision.This Camera is well built and doesn’t feel flimsy at all.The WiFi setup was easy,especially because my modem has was and so does camera.Overall quality product for a reasonable price.Night vision is clear with the 1080P and there is no noticeable delay to the live feed.
 I have tried many different swivel mounts, all with shortcomings. I have yet to encounter an angle or adjustment this can't handle. It's the only one I need on my bag.
 The clip on my gopro hero 3+ case broke so I ordered this for a replacement. I'm glad I can get replacement parts instead of having to buy a whole new case. Fits perfect and so far works great.
 I'm loving this camera ( HD, Digital, and Video) quality. The pictures are very clear and the stereo microphone picks up sounds perfectly. Used it at my son's track meet and no static. Just crisp sounds of the cheering and with a beauty video of the event. Simply point and hit record. There's a photo button that allows you to take pictures while recording.perfect！
 Wow, there is no other than this one. So many choices and small enough to carry around in this awesome little pouch! I am love it!
 Update - Very prompt customer service response! Agreed to send a new one. (Received within a week of reporting problem!). Fastest response I’ve ever seen to a customer complaint! SD card included with camera died after six photos. Is replacement card available or does entire camera need to be returned?
 This is the first time I purchase I backdrop and believe me this won't be the last. I bought this for my daughters b-day party and everyone loved. I got so many compliments.
 This was a great deal. Love the camera, works great, simple to use, great pictures.
 My existing dvr ( Cobra by harbor freight) had 60 ft wires, I needed one cable for the far side of my home to be longer, this worked just fine.
 A great companion for my creative photography
 Machined parts of high quality. Even the handles of the screws are metal. Coating looks good as well.
 Once, I fell my glasses under the bed accidentally. I was in a hurry at the time, but as a myopia I couldn’t see the position of my glasses. So, at the moment, I was witty looking for my dad’s endoscope to search for my glasses. It’s really convenient, what I need to do is download the HD SEE app through the QR code, and turn on the wifi box ,connect to the wifi. It’s easy, when I click on the app ,I can see everything under the bed clearly. At last, I got my glasses back. What the borescope an amazing tool!!!
 Excellent camera and great customer service. Had an issue with the camera at first and the customer service first helped me trouble shoot the issue. They then sent me a new camera when we could not fix the problem. Very pleased with the help I received and now that the camera is working, I can log in and watch my dogs at home while I am out. Thanks for a great product!!
 There is a lot to cover with this camera but I’ll just try to hit on key points. This camera has what looks like an enhanced antenna and it does a good job at getting reception where I wasn’t so sure it would. One thing I likes about this camera right away is that this camera has a rubber/silicone cap that you can remove underneath the body in order to access the microSD card. That’s huge, because other cameras require disassembly. Image It’s not the best out there, but I think it’s just fine for what it is, and even when zooming in digitally, I can see an acceptable level of detail. I also think the night vision is pretty clear, and if you’re lucky enough to capture some video or images during a lightning storm, you’re in for a treat. Obviously, when using the IR feature, you can see red LEDs in the dark on the front of the camera. Installation Mounting it is pretty effortless because there are two axes on which you can adjust the camera. There is no way to adjust it via the software, so depending on your installation; you may end up with a slight tilt. Still, the hardest part for me was getting power to the installation location. The camera has three cables coming out of it. One is a reset button, and the other two are power and Ethernet. It’s just a shame that it doesn’t have the ability to do PoE (Power over Ethernet) because that would make the installation much simpler. In either case, I ran power to a new outlet in the attic and then just used the included wall-wart to power it, and then connected it via WiFi. Operation The phone app (Android) is super easy to operate and it does a great job connecting to the camera no matter how strong my data signal is on my phone. It often connects when my Wyze cameras do not. There is the nagging issue of your data and information being transmitted to a server somewhere in China though. Somewhere I read a write-up on how to avoid that if you feel so inclined and have the technical know-how. The desktop software is much less refined and can be challenging to understand. However, it is very robust in that is has just about every option you can imagine and this is where you would setup your own DDNS address or your own server. I also set it up to automatically upload images to an FTP server, but I’ve now reverted to just getting a notification during certain hours. For the price it’s a good camera to have and play around with. I feel like I haven’t yet figured out everything it can do, and perhaps with future software updates I’ll discover more features.
 This is a value-for-money signal detector. As described, it can be very sensitive to capture various signals. I have tested and used it, and it is worth buying.
 Easy to use and install Works well in diffusing light I use it with a Nikon speed flash and it gives me nice options for controlling light especially with portraits. Have not used it long enough to comment on durability.
 Excellent product to use for making sure your baby is okay while sleeping at night!!!
 I was just amazed on how well and easy this camera setup is. Just turn it on and it's live. The only drawback is how short the power cord is, but it's easy fix with an ugly extension cord. The temp sensor is also nice, but it's a bit off from a dedicated temp sensor, but as long as you know it's off by a few degrees. I am waiting for the add-on camera to be available for another room.Couldn't have ask for more at this price.
 This is not my first action camera. The one I originally bought was great, but once I started playing with it I came up with a brilliant Idea. I wanted to strap in on a small plane and take pictures. Thank goodness I have a son who had no problem claiming my old one (I am still keeping it). Once again I went back into the jungle to read what all the action cameras can do. I figured all I needed was basically one who has a remote and I’m good. Well reading about the capabilities of the action cameras I came across this one. Though more expensive than some models (but waaay cheaper than a GoPro) I splurged. It has the remote I wanted, but also works in low light, has a damper for the picture and 2 batteries. Another thing I like is I can connect to my phone and see what I am actually filming. I think I got a great buy. The camera comes with some attachments (none to attach it to an airplane strut. I have come up with a fix so I’m happy). The quality seem good.
 I want to start this review by saying that I have tried multiple ring lights. Many people look at size or white balance and think that they are all the same. This is not true. You are going to want a ring light like this that has an internal white balance control. Some of the other brands use hard clip on covers to change the color but that is very time consuming especially if you use this for your business. With one button click in- you control the brightness and then the white balance- this helps get very natural looking pictures even in very dark corners. We are using this in a salon and the clients love getting their picture taken with it. If you are using this for your own vlogs or pictures- spend the extra and get the remote. But for portraits of others- the phone mount is plenty for your needs. Overall I am happy with the light.- the best one we own
 Very cool glasses, so that you do not do them, the camera between your eyes remains comfortable and not noticeable if you shoot a video from the first person. For example, I do fishing and run my video blog, before I had to put several cameras from different sides, but with these glasses I shoot easily and efficiently. I am very pleased with the purchase and put five stars
 This adapter has a good fit on both the camera and the lens, and doesn't cost a lot.
 Beautiful, perfect colors! Used it for a Mexican theme party. It was perfect!
 the camera was great the only thing i had a hard time was connecting the camera but once that was done everything worked completely fine .
 Love the backpack, and it works well for my needs!
 I liked the first one so much that I bought a second one. Have one in our living room and one in our kitchen. Got them to keep an eye on our dogs when we are out of the house. I love that I can pan the room, zoom in & out, listen to the dogs and also talk to the dogs.
 Does exactly what it was designed to do. Thanks.
 Very happy with it, very easy to use.
 Not only can I use this light on top of my Sony camera but I can use my extra batteries to power it up! So great and handy, I can move it around freely or plug it up with the adapter cord for powering. Dialing for dimness control and has an attachable filter on the front of the light for cutting the light intensity in half while diffusing it. I can mount it up or down and turn it all around. Perfect for shooting venues like weddings, baby showers, and other ceremonies for all my client needs.
 I purchased this because I thought it was interesting. It also works well. I like the protective cover for the tip of the pencil. I use the pencil infrequently so this helps me keep up with the charger cover and top when charging the pencil with the plug. These also protect the pencil when it is laying on a table/desk top.
 Looked like they wouldn't hold on the Nikon lens caps because of the raised writing on the cap but they are holding firm so far. Nice to be able to remove the cap and let it dangle without getting lost. Good product and I use them on all the lenses.
 Cool bit of kit and easy to set up ..Not sure how to quite set it to a ftp server but the rest was easy
 Essential for the Nexstar 130. Temperature and handling put the adjustment out. This is well made, good fit and finish, sharp laser, simple to use.
 I have installed 1 of these Dome cameras and 4 of the bullet cameras. I am using Blue Iris software which I downloaded from Blue Iris Website and used the product key from software package purchased from Amazon. These are really nice and was fairly ease to set up using a POE Switch. Love this setup. The only issue I had was my router kept kicking me out of my remote access do to router obtaining new IP address every time it rebooted. I fixed it by getting a static IP Address from my ISP (Internet Service Provider). Since getting my static IP address, it's been working flawlessly!!!
 I purchased this set of batteries and charger 4 months ago. So far they have lasted just as long as my OEM sony batteries. No issues to report so far. Additionally, the charging cradle has made charging batteries much easier. I even sometimes take the cradle out in the field with a mobile power bank just in case I need to charge on the fly.
 Makes macro photography and tracking wild life much easier than a ball head. I wasn’t sure how much I would use this but after seeing a friend use the one that cost him $90 I figured the reviews on this on were as good or better than the $90 one. I guess a $500 one would be better but not for my occasional use. I attached the gimbal mount onto my ball head and tightens the ball head firmly. I have been using just the gimbal so I may just remove the ball head and attach the gimbal directly to the tripod.
 We ordered 2 spy cameras ... After placing the order, I found an excellent tutorial instruction that led me step by step, step by step, the configuration of the mini camera, the opening the box at the end of the installation. well. REMEMBER. NIGHT VISION should be installed. It is necessary to use. We moved the camera in my pocket when I walk in a park and it's great ... and you have several settings on it. We are satisfied with these cameras and feel that they will serve us very well.
 I got this one as a replacement for a bulkier model that I had. I love that it is streamlined to fit well in to a bag. Works as expected.
 Love the simple use of this camera. its fun and easy to use.
 my boss is a factory owner. After the previous one broke down, I replaced it with this one. I think it is very cost- effective.
 Exactly what I wanted! I have 3 cams outside. They are under sheds, so cannot talk about how weatherproof they are. But they, for sure, look nice.
 Nice thick padding. Bought a pair to use on a Will Leather backpack. Work great and look like they were made for the backpack.
 Couldn't find these anywhere. Exactly what I needed. I am came on time and as described Would order again
 I was a bit scared to purchase this bundle, thinking it wasn't going to be what it said it was but I was fortunate enough to get what is described and some. Highly recommended!
 I absolutely loved the backdrop! It was the perfect size, the colors were vibrant and I loved that it's a fabric material.. I kept it and plan on reusing it for future parties! It seems so real!
 Fits perfect and protects my monitor.
 I’m using this with my Nikon D810 and it works perfectly. It’s small and easy to carry and use. It has a button lock for long exposure and seems to be built well. I couldn’t be happier
 The product is nice and beautiful.The lens is very clear, after need not worry again.This purchase is exactly the same as what I expected and I am very satisfied with it
 I really like the ease of set up. For this price point, you can't go wrong with orders a few of these to upgrade your photography kit.
 I have a Sprinter RV. We are going to tow my Prius up to Minnesota from our Florida home. That way we'll have local transportation while visiting this summer. So, I installed a rear view camera with a 7" monitor on my drivers console. Unfortunately, with the large windows in the front, there is an abundance of sunlight coming in and made the monitor difficult to see. So this deep sun shield is perfect for that problem to be solved. If you need to shade your viewer, this is how you can do it. Always a clear and sharp picture.
 This is a very clean and nice tripod its light weight and easy to set up in just seconds. Great for those instant shots. For a small tripod it extends out pretty tall and looks good with the red tone.
 Tested the webcam on Linux without any issues. It just worked right out of the box. I plugged it in, fired up cheese, and had very nice pics and video. No driver issues or problems being recognized. This is the second time I've bought from Jelly Comb and they have impressed me with their quality at the low price point they set. Very satisfied.
 Was excited about having new things for my Arlo cameras. It took several attempts to get the motion sensors set up, because for some reason they weren’t working. But once I figured out the sensitivity selector, they worked great.
 Very sharp thru entire zoom range, very happy with this purchase
 Such a great backdrop. Colors are vibrant, sturdy, lots of detail. Worked great as a backdrop for my son's bday dessert table.
 12th Birthday present for my niece. I am a pro Fuji shooter so she lost her mind getting her first Fuji camera !!! Great fun product with tons of extras !!
 Happy with purchase. Good price and they work well
 Super good quality just as described. The materias and color to perfection.
 Great quality would definitely recommend!
 Great product. Works fine.
 great! thank you so much
 I bought this Pixel Remote for a project and was looking for an inexpensive wired remote for a Nikon. This was higher quality than I expected. It uses a very thin gauge wire, which was not a surprise as I had read about that in other reviews. It works flawlessly. I can't see myself ever buying the Nikon equivalent when items such as this are available.
 Great light for being so small. Only issue it is weak and wobbly. But the stand for desk is fine.
 Love these. My original arlos only came with 1 mount. I have 5 more cameras so these 4 are great. They are nice metal and I like that they are white. They are easy to adjust and came with all the hardware. They fit perfectly into the camera and are sturdy enough for the weight of the camera.
 We are very pleased with the batteries. The ones we used were very expensive and were not rechargeable. We use them on our Arlo security cameras.
 My son did a scan for me in one of our units. Think it did what it is supposed to.
 I'm really happy that I went with this microphone as the quality is really clear to the ear!
 I’m really happy with this lens, the photos out of camera look great, and I really like experimenting the manual focus.
 The Anran 22w Dual USB Solar panel charger is packed securely in a box inside a bubble envelope. So yes, your mailman can bend the envelope and shove it into your standard sized mailbox without walking to your door or damaging product by forcing into a space too small to contain it. Its a win-win for both of you. It has a velcro closure and two carabiners clips. It can be hung out in the sun with carabiners or folds easily into a standing position. It has 3 solar panels and a pocket with 2 charger connections. The pocket is large enough to hold USB cords. It also comes with 1 USB cord. It would be great for camping. I purchased for home power outages. It conveniently folds flat so you could keep it in the glove department or trunk of your car. Currently, coastal NC is recovering from hurricane Florence. This will become part of my preparedness kit for future emergencies.
 Christmas gift for my wife. She is the camera buff of the family. She says it is awesome. As long as she is happy, I am happy also.
 This camera is the best product I have ever used. I have had a camera before, it is often stuck in the camera function, the picture is not clear, the color of the daytime or black and white can not be seen clearly, the voice delay is 2 seconds and there is echo. This camera does not have these problems, its camera function is complete, the picture is clear and smooth, and the voice chat function is complete. It also has a warning feature that will notify you when something is happening in its camera range.
 Product was as described, quick shipping, great service.
 I recently had to change the room that I do my video recording in, and the lighting was horrible. My pictures were all grainy and had an shadow effect. I had read the reviews on these and took a chance as some had stated they were not very sturdy... Well, I found them easy to assemble, they fit perfectly on my desk and the lighting is perfect. I am back to great video quality and I still have plenty of room to work on my desk with both of these set up. I would definitely recommend for YouTube videos on a budget.
 Was not able to set it up
 Easy to set up . Large area view . Perfect !!! Good picture viewing . Bought a second one immediately after I purchased the first one . Attached to my phone so I am able to view when not home . Sends me alerts for motion or sound .
 Camera was easy to install and configure. Video quality is excellent as well as sound is very clear.
 Battery works great-easy to replace.
 Great quality, nice prints!
 We used on a motorized raft adventure in Alaska and it held up well!
 I was looking for a tripod with a reasonable price that i could carry with me everywhere. This product did not disappoint. This tripod is compact and includes its own bag, so it ensures that it will be safely kept while you walk around with it. The material is sturdy yet lightweight. All the adjustment pieces look well-built. It is a great choice if you enjoy taking pictures on your trips.
 I have not been able to use it enough times to know about the battery, but i feel very satisfied with it
 I bought this for my elderly parents, they have a large house and wanted a security camera so they could tell when someone came to the front door by their porch. It's easy to conceal and provides a great picture in daytime. I used the app to set up the motion sensor for them so they know when someone arrives. If you add an SD card, you can loop the video, too. When it arrived, i was a little intimidated by all the parts, but set-up was easy.
 This camera is cute. Head can swing, can be directly linked to the network cable! Packaging is also very delicate, very worth buying!
 Gets the job done . VERY BRIGHT, DIM BRIGHT, DIM ~ 3 settings. No USB included.
 I have been using the Pocket for four or five months. Love it! A great tool for doing anything from home video or YouTube..! Absolute an awesome shooting device!
 Great cameras for the price. Ordered cameras during Prime Day. Pictures are very clear. If using outside, don’t forget to order the housing for cameras also. Love being able to schedule on and off times and sensitivity. Would recommend.
 Very Niceeee. Works well underwater especially with Auto color correct
 The beefiest Selfie Stick I have ever seen!!! They have thought of everything with this. 1. Rechargeable battery USB cord supplied 2. Selfie Stick adjustable lanyard supplied 3. Selfie Stick velvet carrying case supplied 4. Operates using Bluetooth
 Have to place in airplane mode to work.
 Can perhaps be an easier to follow instruction book but once done - Excellant !!!
 The motion and clarity
 best all around trail cam
 I m trying to put together my first studio. It looks amazing. Fast shipping and all the parts have a nice bag that I can carry it if needed
 I have been using this four camera 1080p wired system for about two months now. I have had zero problems with it. The install was straight forward and easy to do. Keep an eye on the power cord for the cameras. The ends are different and would cause frustration if you ran the wire and then realized it was backward. The DVR is easy to setup and very adjustable. Works great at night and during the day. The app works very well on my iOS device and on my Laptop. It is very handy to keep an eye on things around the house when we are away. EZVIZ impressed me with this product and my only regret is not buying the 8 camera system.
 Really good quality. You can get really good shots with those filters
 Excellent for my 1 1/4” Harley handlebars for my dash cam. Holds tight despite road conditions, easy to adjust
 My favorite replacement cap EVER. Super dope little logo and SUPER STURDY THICK PLASTIC. I've bought 2 now and love them.
 These are not he best binoculars I’ve ever used. Did hey are very easy to focus. Now I can see our backyard bird visitors up close and personal. What a wonderful brother love! I tested more expensive binoculars but these work excellent lay for me. I highly recommend.
 From this seller, the quality of these products is very good. Thank you for reassuring me to work so I can use the mobile phone every moment to monitor the home, so that I am not afraid to let strangers into my home this monitoring can check up and down around the home is very safe I like,
 It was perfect in size and great quality.
 30 other reviews all 4 or 5 star influenced my purchase. This is a high quality camera with great night vision and motion detection. I use it in my carport pointed at my car to foil break ins. Good phone app works fine. Would be great for a baby monitor inside. Best feature is rechargeable battery so no wiring necessary and can place anywhere as it doesn't need an outlet. App tells you when it's down to 10% battery power left. 2-way speaker mic let's it work like a "door bell" type camera. The UPS man always rings my bell and I get up from recliner to see who it is so I'm getting one for front door and his motion will allow me to see it's only UPS delivery that I can go get at more convenient time. It will also foil folks stealing packages off my front porch as I get 4-5 Amazon delivery's weekly. I highly recommend this quality camera... great features!
 I gave it to my son who used it to look inside a combustion chamber without the necessity to remove the head. He was very please. For the money it is very useful. Might buy another for myself.
 I wanted to hook my laptop up to a crt tv because thats the stupid kind of thing i enjoy. It worked. audio and video seemed to be about what I would expect.
 This telescope is my new favorite toy! It’s very fun when I go hiking and super easy to use ! It’s also super sturdy. I feel I got a great value for my money ! Pleased with my purchase !
 Had this for a few weeks now and so far it's as good as the Panasonic brand. It costs a lot less and I was concerned that it wouldn't work smoothly but it works perfectly.
 Gives us enormous peace of mind. Great signal range has allowed us to sit outside for dinner this Summer.
 Birthday present for grandson
 The camera was very easy to set up and working great .It came with everything you need to use it anywhere .The quality was also clear. The Video recording can without wifi too.i like this Mini size camera.
 Great camera for the money. Easy to setup and use.
 Thanks to other reviewers for telling how to unplug your original battery to reset it’s life. BUT this one is better and you should get it. Keep your original as backup.
 It will be really useful for this projects I have in mind. The item was able to be shipped a few days earlier then I had anticipated. If I have further use, I will definitely look through this shop again. The quality seems comparable to what I have purchased in the past.
 ive being using this bp for many roadtrips and work for about 6 months really good quality best money you can invest.
 Super easy to set up!! And works like a normal ip camera! Excellent! I bought 2 and might by a third!!
 Love that it works great
 Awesome Product! Exactly what I needed!
 very nice quality. 25x is a good magnification and 70mm lets in a lot of light for stargazing. highly recommend mounting on a tripod at this magnification though.
 This backpack feels like a lightweight tank! It has a hard shell outside that screams protection. The interior is made of a fabric that velcro's so you can shape the walls any way you like to fit your drone. I built my own drone, so finding a bag that would protect my drone and that didn't have a fit shape was a challenge. The price is worth it!
 Good quality. Works very well. Even at night vision. Able to rewind to check videos. And easy to make a recording onto a zip stick.
 I bought two of these cameras back in February so I could keep a closer eye on a pregnant formerly-feral cat that I had taken in, as well as her kittens once they were born. They worked perfectly for this purpose, however one camera started to develop an issue in the last few weeks where it would reboot, pan to the side, and frequently lose its connection. At first this was only happening occasionally, so I put up with it, but in the last few days it was constantly doing this. I contacted Wansview about the faulty camera, and they got back to me within a day with troubleshooting tips, which in my case did not help with the issue, and then in response notified me that they would be sending a replacement as the camera was still under warranty. Overall I'm incredibly pleased with both the cameras, and with Wansview's excellent customer support.
 I feel a lot safer with it
 Fast shipping and works well
 After unboxing a mini PC that surprisingly came with a European power cable, I was happy to be able to purchase this product at a reasonable price with Prime shipping. It works fine.
 My lens came quickly and worked really well! I had another lens that had been dropped and was making my picture blurry, but this new lens does a great job taking clear pictures. It will be perfect for my trip to Europe this summer.
 So many cool unique filters to use for phone photography!!!!
 This is a really fun product. It has 3 levels of brightness and 7 colors of LED lights. You can charge it with a USB port. Very easy to use.
 I just received this to days ago and I love love love it. I want to Purchase another one for a friend but waiting for it to go on sale again
 The exes child wanted one for her birthday and so her mom and I agreed to get her one
 Use this instead of road rags when traveling for shoots. Pretty good for exteriors as a quick sun diffuser (caution with wind)
 Great camera. Easy to use and works great. Would but again.
 Fits and works perfectly
 We gave this to our daughter and she is very pleased with the clarity and quality. So we are happy
 Great scope, a bit heavy but good optics.
 I would like to recommend this camera not just cause is easy to setup but for the excellent video image, get it , you won't regret
 Shipped quickly and arrived in perfect condition. Got this for my wife. It's loud but which would be good for attracting attention. Effective!
 This camera is so good! The quality is superb, and the sound quality is amazing as well! If you’re looking for an indoor security camera then look no further than this one! It’s an amazing camera at an amazing price!
 Daughter got this after a different one we ordered stopped working after 1 use. The pictures are what you'd expect for a child, but daughter loves it. Swimming and bike riding has been fun. Would recommend.
 I know is a an emty plastic case, but I really like the feel of it so professional looking and you don't have to show your SSD lable. 100% satisfied with this purchase.
 This is a good Action Camera for a first time user. I like all of the extra functions that come with this camera, including the remote, water resistant, wide angle, etc. the best part is the extra accessories that comes with the product. Lastly, the picture quality is good for this camera...
 Such an awesome bundle! This is a great purchase. 10/10 would recommend.
 I bought this for my 5 year old sons party. We put up a scene setter and let the kids take fun pics. They took them home as party favors. We will be doing it again for another party. Camera worked great. The kids loved it. It is an instant photo booth that is much less expensive than renting one. This set came with everything ready to go!
 Works great with the camera.
 I bought this IP camera to supplement the cameras in my existing surveillance system and found that it was easy to work with. The first thing I did after connecting it to power and my network was to log in via the IP address and update new firmware, which it automatically detected from the cloud. It automatically picked up an IP address on my subnet so I didn't have to go looking for it other than to find it in my router's list of connected devices. The update installation took a few minutes and it was just long enough that someone impatient might try to restart it or interrupt the process-- you should never interrupt a firmware update while it is in progress; just let it finish on its own. I found the included software to be not the most intuitive software to use, but that didn't really affect me because the camera is very easy to configure through Internet Explorer using it's IP address. It was also very easy to connect to the free iSpy software I use to monitor my other cameras, and it claims to work well with several other common video software suites though I haven't tried the others. I tested this camera in several different places around the exterior of the house and the interior and found the image quality at night and day to be very clear. Overall happy with the purchase so far. Will provide an update it anything changes.
 Colored and soft lighting with this adjustable flash. I can experiment so much with it. The gel filters are made very well and don’t crack when I have them bent over the bulb. I’ve used the green with the soft cover on it & I got this subtle enhanced tint of green that made the grass outside POP! The transmitter works in sync with my rebel 3 so this whole set is efficient!
 I really like this lid. It fits perfectly. The size of the drinking hole is just what I was expecting.
 Good quality and easy set up
 Works as expected Love it
 These binoculars are amazing. Bought them for my two grandsons, who absolutely love them. We live down by a creek and there is a lot of wildlife around, the kids love to see what they can find with the binoculars.
 Product was exactly as described, i'm very pleased
 Bought this for my nephew's birthday. It came in a nice box and appears to have everything contained within the box. Seems to be as described. Can't wait to give it to him.
 Camera works great. Brian from tech support walked me through the wireless setup. Very helpful!!
 This is a cute set! The cutouts are made of good stock, not flimsey. There is enough adhesive strips amd glue dots to make repairs. I'm a little concerned about the glue dots, but they shoud be okay for the very small items. The sticks ae included. All we need is the party!
 A few years ago I put some hardware parts together as I needed a way to mount 2 wireless Well this time I found this product and it is perfect. I mount a monitor and wireless receivers on it
 Plug and play if you have an outlet nearby
 Got everything working after some help from the supplier to get email connection working.Great cameras and service.
 My new favorite lens!! Scary sharp. A little heavy and bulky but absolutely worth it - I reach for it during every session with clients and will be investing in the 35mm 1.4 very soon! Highly recommend.
 Use in my temp photo studio for photographing. Easy to setup. No instructions. Just have to be careful with setting up the light shades and seating the piece that holds the structure in place. Save all of the packaging except the external box it comes in.
 purchased to document work projects
 very good product, i love it. Very athletic camera with 4K. good price.
 Very loud. Don't have to worry about sleeping through an intruder!
 Awesome case,much better than the GoPro case that comes with the Hero 5. Gives accessibility to the doors on camera. The mic holes are covered only flaw. Took another customers recommendation and used a Dremel tool to modify the case for the mic holes,did not take much.
 It is really usefull! I can use my phone and GoPro by using it to take pictures and vedios. Good Bluetooth! It is also stable.
 great colors good build quality and bokeh. flaring very well controlled. good glass gives film like quality. if you wanna slow down and be patient with your photography this is a no brainer. 1 caveat. the focus is good but you have to be dead on as it doesn't give more much leeway. you have to be very precise. otherwise a great lens for the money.
 I use this in my toddlers room. The night vision is very clear and the sound quality is great. I love the pan feature so I am able to look around the room if I want. Would definitely recommend.
 Nice big screen,fairly easy to use, wish it had sound
 Excellent. Nice big cleaning towel that works great.
 Worked perfectly for what I needed.
 Gotta cover your lenses. So I got a couple extra.
 I love it lightweight I have alot of gear and I don't feel nothing on my back
 I have 2 cameras and they work flawlessly. Very happy with the solar recharging and happy with the ways these are working.
 Such a great camera The design is great and very easy to carry around. Great for doing a vlog. bought it to take video recordings of my pets and family outings and I am very satisfied of the results The camera is very easy to setup. Every component is super easy to assemble and there is no need to read the manual. The microphone is a nice added feature, makes the sound you record so much more clear and it sounds like a professionally recorded video! Camera is easy to use, its touch screen and HD. Recording quality is very good, especially if you play it on a large screen, it’s better than my galaxy S8. Unlike some other camera, this one does not lag when you record fast moving movements, which is great as things are always moving. Finally, very easy to transfer files to your computer, just insert the card in your computer. Easy to charge as well!
 Reasonable price. I use it like baby monitor. Work as well
 It a good product, so easy to put on and tek out
 Great product, and real awesome pictures I managed to create with it
 Was really glad I made this purchase. Worked great to transfer old family videos off of vhs-c taps
 I purchased this kit primarily for the camera, grip, and SD card, but it comes with a number of other items. My only concern is that the quality of these additional items really isn't up to par with the camera and grip. I'd really have preferred to have less items, but to have what remained to be of higher quality. Regardless, I'm happy with the camera, grip, and SD card.
 Can't wait to try this thing out. It seems like a really cool gadget, and something that will pair nicely with my newly purchased GoPro HERO6 Black. I'm planning to go on vacation with my girlfriend soon and will definitely give this a shot. The materials seem solid, and everything clicks in place together very well. I tested this in my tub for leaks and there was none, so it seems like a great product overall if you're looking for something like this.
 I've used a few different cross body straps, this is by far the most comfortable. Setting up your slide limits is easy, the texturing on the underside of the shoulder keeps it from moving around and the hardware is high quality. The only time I've even started to feel uncomfortable using this strap was with a Canon 6d mkii, battery grip and a Canon 70-200 f2.8 is ii. Theres nothing light about that setup to begin with, but the strap handled it surprisingly well.
 I have health issues and need a lot of rest. I place the monitor at my bedside and place the camera at the entrance. Feel so much more secure in my surroundings.
 It's very nice i connected my cam from a very far distance
 My father was so happy when saw this binoculars as a gift to him. He is hunter and needs a good binocular.
 I love this case! I am able to carry everything I need in a small case. Perfect for travel!
 Great item, fast shipper. Product is just as advertised and I am well pleased. Greatly recommend this product to anyone, good quality.
 And the wireless absolutely makes it easy to install, just simply clip spy camera anywhere you want. It always gets the angle for the view.
 A step above in quality to other adapters in the 10-20 USD range.
 wanted it for back-up and extended day shooting on recent vacation trip. I always use the manufacturer's products in high priced camera equipment - off brands may work - but often do not contain the same circuitry and can damage sensitive systems.
 Wow what a great product! The hidden camera is so convenient, because it is portable. I can move it from room of my house to another, no installation needed. I’m already planning on placing on my front porch window when out. You can monitor everything from your phone. The quality of the images is outstanding. It was very easy to set up; it comes with everything you need, from USB port, SD Card to battery. Overall great product, fast shipping, and easy to install/use.
 This Kit is great. You pretty much get everything you will every need for your action camera and the fact it comes with a case is great. The case is pretty well made, carrying handle is a plus but would have been nice to have a shoulder strap. All the accessory are well made and should hold up for a long time. You cannot beat the price for all that comes with this kit. If you are into sports, fishing, outdoors action...exe, great kit to buy.
 I have purchased alternate brand batteries and found they simply do not hold a charge well. This was more expensive, but holds a charge extremely well.
 This does exactly what it is supposed to. Fits the Wyze camera perfectly. Easy to install. Looks good. You just have to remember to set up your camera before you put it in the case because once it is behind that weatherproofing, the buttons are inaccessible.
 This charge the ultras great if they are in the direct sun
 I was not expecting compared to this price and I was surprised. This is actually pretty good and once you open the screen, it opens itself. There is one thing that I don't like about this camera, which is the indicator light on the body when the camera is on. It distracts me. Otherwise everything works fine. I put in a 32g memory card and it works.
 I paid $99 for these and feel like I got a deal of the century. I just saw them on sale for $69 and at that price it is a true bargain, a rare bargain. These arrived and they are the best lights I have ever bought for under $300. Stands, and quality soft boxes and lights. The power is perfect, balanced for daylight and provide stunning color. I have my more pricey LED panel to my son after these arrived as they do better. They even come with a nice carrying case. 5 Stars all the way.
 Perfect addition. Make sure you buy the right model for your DVR.
 I am glad I do not have to worry about losing the manual. Because I can download the user manual anytime anywhere from their download site. I just did not have any expectations for the sharpness of this item from the start, because I know most of these hidden cameras do not have very high pixel, but in fact this video is much better than I thought, it with clear color video.I am very satisfied with its effect.
 Love my camera case fits well nice and colorful good quality
 My child like it. It is light and easy to use.Images are clear.
 I purchased the GOMA mount to use in the car with my GP Hero 7 Black. The first couple of times I attached it to the windshield when I wanted to use it. It was easy to install and held firmly in place. The third time I left it on the windshield for a week and again it stayed right where I placed it with no indication of letting go. It's also easy to attach the camera and swivel it around to the direction you want to point it. Very satisfied with the GOMA mount.
 Purchased my system, downloaded the app on all my devices, read the quick install, and the next day installed the cameras and cables, very easy to connect and set up, great picture. Product exceeded my expectations, amazing clarity at night with low light.
 This thing is fun! The picture quality is very good and it’s easy to use. We played around with it with our dogs but I’m excited to get it out this weekend on our adventures!
 I love how easy it is to use this instant printer that way you are able to quickly print out your photos.
 Awesome and easy to use. We use it for a weekly podcast and they work great!!
 Very cute! Fits my Canon Elph 190 very tightly but does a nice job.
 Excellent item and fast shipment
 It is an excellent product, good material and as described in the publication
 This lens is amazing
 Received mines today.This drone is really fun to fly because of the speed and agility that it has.Great drone! It flies easy and is fast!Great little drone!!!Buy one of these and have fun!
 Worked great very happy with the product
 Really like the way they hook up, no exposed wires.
 Products received, installed in debugging, installation is convenient I installed, screen clear fluid, no card, can also be Shared with family members, practical, and outside also can see the baby's every move, more confidently with this product, the quality is also very good, also very practical, need friends can rest assured to buy, good product is worth.
 Good little binoculars. I only use them to see the deer and wildlife in the field behind my house. They are usually about a half mile behind my house. It's tough getting them focused but that is probably user error
 we had older POE security camera system in past and setting it up was such a headache, especially setting up forwarding protocol etc. This system is such a breeze to setup. Within few minutes, everything was available on my android app. Motion detection is very sensitive and you can adjust sensitivity and area of motion detection. Wonderful software and video upload is pretty fast. very happy with the system and price is very good. You can add additional camera for mere $59. Only negative is audio quality is not that great.
 Plug and play! No issues setting it up.
 Much better than original housing!
 I use to just leave my camera sitting on the shelf or somewhere, then when I needed it I'd have to hunt for it and look for adapters etc, now everything this in a nice case that I labeled and hanging on a hook on my wall ready to go...so for a few dollars you can clean up your act!
 I needed a quick replacement before vacation and this one did the trick. It is a snug fit on the GoPro 5 but it works well and with all my attachments and gopro accessories! Would recommend and buy again.
 Cool tripod!! I don’t take a lot of selfies but I wanted to take some family pictures and this worked really nice for that. And my kids are loving the selfies.
 Very pleased with video quality, night vision is good, and on par with this size camera (about 30 feet useful, up to 50 feet overall, with ambient light) great frame rate on video, have it tied into our dvr, works very well. Motion detection is great. Ap is easy to use once it is set up, follow the instructions.
 Fits my iPhone just perfectly. Keeps my iPhone steady to take those great shots!
 So, my daughter loves her case (she’s 7). I like the fact that it’s clear so you can show off the color of the camera. It goes on and off easy so, you can change film and batteries fast. The strap is adjustable so she can wear it around her neck or like a purse. It’s also very protective. She had swung it and banged it and it had not broken.
 It works well, but only install it yourself if you know what you are doing.
 The photos print here are adhesive-backed so you can have it pinned anywhere you want. I use them on my cabinet door and they're very effective in making my morning routines ever greater.
 Spy pen arrived on time and was well packaged... While this pen is for a Christmas present for my son it does look brilliant and is very well made and packaged... All the accessories are present (including micro SD card) making this excellent value for money when compared to other similar products out there. I have been surprised by the quality of the images and videos, if you give it enough light the quality is easily on a par with my mobile phone. Even in relatively low light it performs well although (as in all photography) the image quality suffers. I tried it last night in a shopping center car park and in the High Street under street lighting, The image was quite clear enough to recognise faces as people walked past. Overall extremely happy with my purchase.
 I plugged it into the Ethernet and it worked right away. It took me a minute to install wireless but I spoke with the help and they got it going right away. I would recommend this camera for any one who needs to watch their kids or pets. It's very light weight too. You can mount this anywhere without having you worry about it feeling off because of weight. I recommend!
 Perfect size. Made a statement! Everyone took pictures with it as backdrop. Great colors
 Like your ND filters, I love these filters. I'm having some fun with these on land.
 Bought for my 8 year old for Christmas. She loves it! The case holds the camera and she can put her chapstick in it also. Camera is easy to use and she loves the tripod and posing shots. Takes nice pictures inside and out.
 It's easy to set up. No one knows it's a camera in the house. It has very good videos quality. Is motion sensor.
 Ok. I do love this product. You have to communicate with tech through email, but they are on top of it. Answering immediately. If you have one Sensor and one Receiver, this is a solid product. It works. But we could not add another sensor. Believe me, they worked their butts off trying to walk me through it. It’s all good. There is one tune that is perfect. Right length and volume. It is so nice to know when someone comes up my drive. And this hides very well. In a receptacle beside a sofa. Don’t even notice it.
 loving it! great quality and great support.
 Love it, perfect for my go pro 3+ I don't always want to use the water proof case so ya great deal would buy again!
 Great Performance and Value for a rechargable CR123A battery!!
 Perfect in small spaces, the base of this is so small but sturdy. I set up in a lot of different places and never had an issue. Love this design so much more than a tripod version.
 This lens was much sharper than I expected, especially for how light it is. I rarely use AF, so I can't speak to its responsiveness, but sharp and light is really all I cared about for this.
 Excellent charging unit, charges batteries quickly and efficiently
 Perfect for my Instax camera. It came in a pretty ice blue color just like it was displayed in the picture. It comes with a nice little strap for traveling.
 This bag was perfect for our overseas trip! the backpack style made it easy to carry though airports. And the many pockets were great for taking everything I needed for travel in addition to my camera. Loved the fact that the camera access was on the back, not easily accessible for thieves. I spilled a drink on it and the liquid just rolled off :D And the padding is great- I managed to get two very thin wine glasses home safely through 4 airports/airplanes over the course of 28 hours! I would definitely buy this again.
 Everything I hoped for is in this reasonably priced tripod!
 I spent a bit of time looking into the big brand cameras that you can have alerts sent to your phone and I found there was always an additional cost. I liked that these cameras have the monitor and hard drive included plus the app. I don't have to pay a monthly fee. These were easy to set up and the picture is clear. Having the cameras brings a sense of security that "just in case" we need it, it'll be there. So far I am very happy with my purchase.
 Easy to use and sturdy.
 I got these for an old camcorder that will be used to make short videos. The first one of the pack has been working well so far.
 The motion detection is great on this camera. We are capturing wildlife, including red fox and black bears. Clear pictures.
 I got these for my nephews and they love them. They have a nice image quality and come with a case to protect them. They are quite small. I wear glasses (very strong prescription) and I can really only see through one side at a time, but I think they would be ok for adults who don't wear glasses. They are definitely a great inexpensive option for kids.