Beautiful way. Does not stay paired with or connected to my daughter's iPhone. Essentially useless other that to tell time.
The watch is beautiful but it is not working
Bought it to go to Mexico so I could go in water. Wore it for 10days in pool and straps turn all yellow. So now the watch is white but the straps are all yellow. ugly
While the band is comfortable and easy to install, it's not durable at all. The adjustment notches started to rip after only 6 months of use. Not worth the price your pay.
Broke after a few weeks. Cheap plastic garbage.
I can't believe this is broken. Very upset that it didn't last more than 2 seconds . Wow cheaply made.
I would like to make a complaint I bought this watch it was delivered at my door most stolen I would like information for reimbursement. It was for the delivered to leave in the office of the condominium or play on my deck equal the latest deliveries. I await an answer
I find out what ive order is a fake mk watch no logo at the back of the watch like the original youll find it clear together with the number, i just waste my money all i thought it was original
The watch stopped after one week and has not kept time since. Of course it's right twice a day.
I don't like ur service because I booked blue dial but u send me black dial this is not fare
One watch is not working
Massively uncomfortable when worn.
Seemed like a great watch but after 2 months it now loses about 2 hours a day because the second hand gets stuck and just bounces.
Got sent a dead watch. I had to contact Amazon support
It is so cheaply made. Not worth it.
DO NOT BUY IT It came broken.
Paid for 2-day delivery But didn't get delivered on time. My brother in law left already when the watch was delivered 5 days later. 😟 The watch is supposed to be brought here in the Philippines. 😒
I never did received this watch I sent man emails to tell you I never did receive this watch and I never did hear anything from you! y'all just took my money!
Cheap band. Looks like something that you'd get from the dollar store
fell apart band and quit working
I have purchased Skagen watches before, but never again.Purchased this watch Sept. 2018, wore it a few times. With no abuse of any kind, the metal watch band started fraying on one side, cutting my skin, and snagging my clothes. The return/complaint option ended in mid-December. A replacement watch band would cost $50, which is more than half the price of the watch. I feel cheated by Amazon and by Skagen.
Pretty watch, but very cheap made.
date could not be changed...overall watch isnt worth very much
Watch is over heating
Started flashing and died in 2 weeks. Junk
I never recived what i ordered , i had to send it back .
It did not work well after 3 months. I would like to talk with seller !
This product was a very cheap looking. It did not come with a battery and a lot of places won't put batteries in watches they don't sell nowadays . I feel like it was a complete waste of my time and I will be returning it .
This was the second one I ordered. I had to return it. What I received didn't match this photo. The band was maybe 1/4" wide. Not what I wanted at all. Might have been a computer error (for the second time!), but it wasn't what I thought I was ordering, so I didn't keep it.
I've had this watch for - literally - one year. I wear it about twice a month, three hours a night - it's the watch I use when I work my night job. Well, three weeks ago the battery died. Not the end of the world - I took it to my local jeweler, who replaced the battery and then told me he could NOT get the back of the watch snapped on. He said he tried for over an hour! He felt so bad he didn't even charge me, but he recommended a local watch shop about a mile away. I went there - and he, too, couldn't get the back on the watch. I went to a THIRD watch shop - same story. Then, in desperation, I emailed Timex who said I'd hear from someone within 24 hours - that was almost three days ago. So that's it - I'm done. Am gonna buy a different watch from a different manufacturer and will NEVER buy, nor recommend, Timex watches again.
was sent the wrong model
Never received. I asked for a refund and was asked to wait although this order was placed almost 2 months ago
This watch didn't last a week. Don't waste your time.
This watch is super small for a men's watch. I wanted a cheapo watch to wear to work, but this thing is woman';s size or kids size. If you have a man sized wrist don't choose this watch. Guess I should have stuck with Timex.
Poor quality, the band's broke after wearing for 3 days
I dislike how the people that deliver packages do not ring door bells if you live in a apartment when the apartment number is on the delivery address. I did not receive my package it was stolen.
I am writing this review almost one year later because this is exactly how long this product lasted. It was great when I first purchased it and a few days ago it just stopped. If the seller would like to let us all know how long we can expect their products to last it would be great.
It worked for 15 days then the screen went blank forever.
Got this watch about a month ago and loved it. After about three weeks, the inside of the watch face face started to fog. Had it replaced and received a second watch today. What I was send was an obviously previously returned watch with a chip or piece of dis under the face around the 2 O'clock position. I am returning today and trying one last time because I like the watch style so much, but there appears to be some obvious quality control issues here.
Watch doesn't function right. Lps partners won't honor warranty. Don't buy from them.
Do not buy it. My daughter took a bath with it and instantly got water inside the watch. A wast of money. Don't wanna waste my time returning it. Just wasted my money.
It was broken when I got it!!
How kind of you to return this lovely watch....without any hesitation. I mailed it on Mon the 24th with the label that you supplied. Unfortunately my (almost) 90 yr old eyes could not read the date!!! I plan to search your website more thoroughly to find a larger version. With my thanks! Sincerely, Margot Ryan Quinn
Doesn't have good quality
Arrived broken. The second hand does not work.
Ordered December 2016, stopped working December 2018.
They don't even deserve a star I ordered a watch and 7 days later got a refun when i was expecting a watch horrible business !
Don't waste your money even though this product sells for peanuts. It's a clunky piece of junk that no one would wear in public.
The truth is the product is good but I was sent as USED strap! That is not what I paid for. I have purchased several Barton products and am impressed but this is just a customer service failure. I didn't bother returning it because of the hassle, not worth as its going on a piece that I am selling.
just received the watch and it was like that.
Stopped working after 20 days.
This watch looks great, and the reviews are even better seeing as this watch looks great from them. But the instructions that are sent to you make no sense, and see nothing like the instructions here on Amazon. You think that since they're made in China they would at least have someone correctly translate the instructions without random words, and put the same instructions as on this page. The problem I have with it is that the instructions you get IN THE PACKAGE dont tell you which way to turn it, so I turned it counter clockwise like old time mechanical watches used to turn. Now it isnt working at all. Highly disappointed with this product.
MUCH thicker than advertised. Only worked for a month or two.
The watch seems to be ok but the chain broke the first day. A little disappointed!
I bought it for my husband and it's really too small for men. Maybe if it was for me. I returned it!
its peeling apart at the do not buy
I've ordered this product 2 times now trying to receive it and somehow it never shows up! I've been able to get my money back just fine, but I really want the product instead.
This watch is a present for my father's birthday. They have sent me a diffrent watch, the watch and band color where not the same as I ordered.Now I can't order the one I wanted because it's out of stock now.
Terrible cheap build quality, broke within 24 hours of use. The front face just came off whenever I opened it.
Broke within an hour of getting it
So I had written a review shortly after I bought the watch about how nice it looked and the comfort, but now after only eight months and rarely wearing it the minute hand has come loose and just spins around. Like I said it hasn't taken any abuse, I've only worn it sparingly so the construction isn't very good.
Bag was open in mailbox May had been delivered, but was stolen
so many wonderful reviews looked cheap, mine arrived on time. I read the instructions but could not get it to work. I returned it the next day.
Had it 6 months and it stopped! Replaced battery, second hand moves only 2 seconds back & forth. Watch will not run. Tried to reset it according to directions 3 times. Loved the look...don't like that it will not run.
POS. Dead in a week.
Watch is good that was nothing wrong with that but when I returned the item they did not give me the full refund even though it says full refund and free returns, I will never purchase anything from these people again very bad you cannot trust them
Love the watch itself. Unfortunately the band broke after a month and is lost somewhere and cannot return. I would like my money back!!!!
STOPPED WORKING AFTER A FEW MONTHS
I really liked this watch and have worn it almost exclusively for 19 months even though it started to lose time a couple of months ago - it loses about 3 minutes every few weeks. But today I looked at my watch and saw that the second had has fallen off and is laying on the dial face behind the crystal.
If you want some para cord buy it and braid a bracelet.The fire starter is a joke. Doesnt work.A better whistle in a crackerjack box. A dollar watch at dollar store.Be careful putting it on, the little knife in a very crappy spot and could cut you. Is there a survival anything that isnt a scam?Amazon is a purveyor of rip offs.It kind of reminds me of the old carnival games. Pay your money and take your chances.Would like my money back on general principles.
I am so upset about the delivery of this item. USPS decided they were leaving an attempted delivery notice on Friday although all week long they left the items in the lobby. On Saturday morning I went to the post office and literally waiting for 45 minutes while they searched for my packages only to be told that they went back out for delivery which they obviously did not as I waited all day and nothing came. Suffice to say I'm now back and in Barbados (without items) and my items have now been delivered and supposedly left in the said lobby. I'm requesting a refund for this item.
Broke within 2 hours of opening. Save your money.
This watch DOES NOT WORK
Utterly worthless. Only instructions provided were in foriegn languages.
Loved the style, but in less than a year it quit working. Sent it in twice to Asurion (amazon's watch warranty provider) with no success for repair. After that sent to the manufacturer as instructed by Amazon customer service and getting a repair estimate for half the value of the watch. Even though still under warranty. I eventually settled for a partial refund of the original price paid.
Beautiful but the edges chip VERY easily. Think carefully before you buy.
So disappointed! Wanted it for my nephew and i opened the box to check it out and the buckle was off. I thought i had to put it together until i noticed the rubber was broken. The watch is cool but i didnt mess with it anymore; it cant be worn! Replacement or reimbursement please?!?!?!
The dials never move from the picture presented of the watch. Mine are in the same position and never change even when setting the watch for over a few days with the time set. The buttons are fake, just cast into the case. The three dial hands are part of the face, and can't even rotate. Major cheap junk.
I like how it looks a lot, but it snapped after 2 days of use! :( What a waste of money.
No when I sweat a lot it is forming a white layer at the back of the watch.
Sent the wrong color combination, now I have to pay to print a new label to get it returned. Disappointed.
This is way too heavy!!
I liked it but it broke shortly after purchase. The hinge spring snapped.
Loved the watch however is terrible when working around radio frequency. Watch broke during deployment and will not fix.
Both came broken glass in their package.
Horrible !! It came broken and tried to contact the company and there is no way to contact them !! I'm super upset this was a birthday present for my husband. I'm so very upset
You get what you pay for! The band is not leather. It is written that it is.
The ring around the faceplate won't stay on and we've only had it three months. Didn't get hard use either. Convenient since amazon only has a 30 return policy.
Fell apart.Kept good time!
After the first day it did not hold time any longer. Very disappointed.
I ordered black and this is silver. How can they announce one color and send me a different one? This is not right....
Every couple hours it loses time and without seconds hand you can't tell if it's really accurate. Poor design
My daughter loved the look and function of this watch. Unfortunately, after about 1 month, the watch no longer works. Only a few of the pixels making up the time are visible
I didn't understand that this Seiko watch when defective would not be returnable like other Amazon purchases. Also, there is no manufacturer's warranty. Highly suspicious that this is 'new' and not refurbished or irregular. Have put in in light over and over again and it just doesn't keep time - one time overnight it los almost 2 hours. I had a smaller Seiko solar watch and it was excellent in every way but I couldn't see the date so I bought this larger one. What a huge disappointment and now I'm stuck with it. I saw another review that had the same complaint. Looks nice but useless. Only will buy watch with warranty from now.
Don't buy this product!! The watch went black within a week...it seems the home button stopped working for no reason and there is no way to wake the screen up.
Loved the watch for 3 days, until the battery died. Needless to say, I will be spending my money elsewhere.
Came with no instructions and by the time I got it, I had almost forgotten I ordered it. It does appear to work though.
Way over priced for a low quality watch. I've had better watches from a gum ball machine when I was younger but my 8 year old son really wanted it. I set the clock and by the end of the day, it's 2 hours off.
Worst product ever. Don't buy it. Or buy anything from this seller
Order 2 and battery doesnt work
I love the watch itself, super pretty but when i opened it, one of the handles was detached from the watch and it was a pain to put it back together, i was pissed about that, but i guess thats what i get for the price.
I really liked the way that this watched looked but unfortunately, the wristband broke after two days of use. Very cheap and very thin piece of leather that connects the wristband to the watch which broke after a very short period of time. I'd give it five stars if it weren't for the cheap wristband. I'll probably end up trying to find another band for it but wouldn't recommend to anyone.
4 days in and the buckles are showing wear. The black paint is scratching off. The nylon is also starting to wear heavily at the holes.
Hard to review the product as it was shipped to me in an empty box. Extremely disappointing that they would ship like this.
I had high hopes but it is impossible to read any of the display unless you use the light. I returned it the same day.
I received the watch on time but it is not working. All its functions are not working. This is the first time I experience such case with amazon.
This watch isn't stainless steel as the description says it is. Seller wasn't helpful when I raised this issue. If I wanted a plastic watch case I would have searched for a plastic watch case.
The stem came off when I unpacked it
The watch looks good but the knob is hard to use if you want to adjust the time. The package arrived without a manual and receipt.
Returning the watch as it did not work.
Terrible. Didn't work at all. Couldn't even set the time.
This watch is massive had to send it back
This watch has not worked properly and now is not running at all. Very disappointed.
Fell apart after only one month of intermittent use!!!
This was never received...
Watch fell of table fell apart not built well
Looks nice but the second hand fell of in less than a week
Two of the the twelve did not work at all and another two were missing stones from the bezels.
Great watch nice price ..but I sent a review an said that one of the watches hands was not work an up to now have not gotten a replacment or responce on my purchase...
Watch came without extra sizing links. Cannot purchase the links without purchasing a new $180 band. Will be returning
I haven't had this watch a year and only wear it 4 or 5 days a month as I have many watches. Out of all the watches I have this is the only one that builds up moisture inside and builds up on the watch face. It seems there's nothing I can do about it. If I were you I'd find a citizen.
You get what you pay for
Received a box with no watch inside of it
Item looked as new and well packaged, but when handled and at installation it started to disintegrated. Rubber lost its flexibility like if it has been degraded by age or sunlight. Completely unusable.
Dyes your wrist orange.
I like this watch and I have bought several over the years of this similar type, but... this last one that I purchased has a problem. The date will not advance and I have to manually change it.
Like the watch but not the condition it arrived in. It has finger print on the crystal and buckle, box was crushed and user manual was not in box. I like returned and reorder second time still the sam condition, I will return this replacement order also. I ordered other G-Shock models from Amazon before and always arrived in brand new perfect condition. Maybe just this particular model?
The minute hand just came off and stopped moving
The watch stop working after 2 months the battery depleted (solar battery, it most last long time) very difficult to find a new one
My watch fogged up on me. And I would like a new one.
The watch has stopped on two occasions. Pretty bad stuff for a “quality” product!
I ordered these from a different company and it worked great. I got these 3 and none of them work. The second hand freezes and starts going backwards. Very disappointed in the quality of these.
Item was received as scheduled. Watch was in new condition. The Chronograph function would not reset. Returned and requested replacement. Second watch arrived and has functioned flawlessly. Some reviews indicated that the watch was nor water resistance. Today I submerged watch for over an hour and it has remained water tight. One Star rating for first watch only.
The watch hands moves when you shake watch making time being inaccurate
I have had to replace the batteries 3 times since April.....this is crazy....not happy at all
The product worked fine, but after 45 days it no longer works, the screen is blank. I'm going to contact Casio for the warranty because the battery lasts 10 years, I do not understand. It's sad you only have 30 days to return.
It's a great-looking watch that appears to be well-built. I get a lot of compliments when I wear it.. It's a pity it keeps rebooting randomly causing it to drain the battery within an hour and make the watch non-functional. I've gone through several operating system updates and the watch still seems they have a frequent rebooting problem. Best I can guess is the rotating crown is faulty and watch feels like it needs to do a hard reboot constantly. The watch didn't do it more than a week when I first bought it, but now it's happening about every other day. I would have a hard time recommending or buying another fossil smartwatch regardless of how they look or their price.
Watch came for Christmas. Immediately the watch was broken. It was supposed to say, " To the Batmobile". Instead it would only say," to the, to the, to the." Disappointed.
This is definitely a case of YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR. It has a little plastic piece inside of the watch (where that little airplane is) that I hate. I would not say that I used my $5 wisely in this situation.
Trash. Bought in Dec 2017. Never even went into the water with it. In June, it started getting condensation inside of the face of the watch. It totally stopped working in July. I understand this is their bottom line type watch and relatively inexpensive, however; it should perform better than this. Don't waste your time with this watch.
Tells time and is waterproof. But on mine the alarm doesn't chim or make any sort of noise. It's really a really basic watch. The paints still holding up on mine. Lights broken as well.
App was painful to finally synchronize after a month of use this happened and has not been able to fit back, really dissapointed about this happening to an almost brand new watch, bought as a gift not satisfied at all of this product.
Watch stopped working after 2 months.
Tiny piece of strap and nothing like the picture.
Literally didn't work
Broke after the second use.
I bought item as a gift for my wife. Watch was not working. I open it up to light to charge. It worked for some minutes and stopped. I will return the watch.
Even though I ordered, I didn't receive this item. I asked to refund to Amazon.com.
Just received the watch band and it came with some of the stitching already coming off and tearing. Terrible customer service as they are not allowing us to return. Stay away from this band and company!!!
bad quality broke the next day
All I received was an empty watch box. I don't trust this vendor. Either the vendor, or an employee, or the delivery driver stole the product.
The watch does not fit if you have large wrists. The strap does not stretch what so ever.
No sure if it was water resistant. But it's a very nice watch. I sent it back because I found it to be small faced. I wanted a larger face.
Took out the watch and everything was fine but nothing on it is working, not the small hands i cant even change the date on it either. What am i supposed to do with a broken watch like that when nothing is functioning??
This watch worked great for the first two weeks then it started resetting itself to factory settings every couple days which was really annoying. Also found it annoying to wait for the time to display after pressing the button. Ended up returning it.
gets dirty easy since the strap is cloth. I FEEL ITS TOOO SMALL for kids to read the time. the hour and minute hands get confusing because again the watch is tooo small. my daughter is 6 yrs old.
The bands look great and my boys love them however after a few weeks the bands started coming off while my kids are wearing them, now they are coming off daily. I thought the quick release would make for an easy install but it's not with them continually coming off while in use.
The watch's bezel is a bit loose and wobbly, which cause contact noise when I move my hand. Makes it feels cheap or damaged. I'm disappointed with this as this is not the quality i expected from Stuhrling.
The watch is not working, I tried all the instructions but still not working
Quality seems to be fading with Times Indiglo.
Not what I expected. Heavy watch with lots of small numbers. But my fault for not checking it out better.
This watch is fairly inexpensive so buyer beware. That said the construction is mediocre at best. It was too small in diameter for my size wrist ( my bad). It came all boxed up nice and pretty... but that box was pretty beat up, dents and Mark's etc. Its supposed to be for display right. But the watch didn't work. I called the their # in Florida to see if I needed to do something about getting it started. Well if I wanted to spend $25 and send it to them they would fix it!!!. I called Amazon they took care of business..I went to s local store and bought a watch that was a bit more expensive like $30 and found the watch I really wanted. Don't thing I'll be buying something like a watch without looking at it first.
I purchased this as a Christmas gift. The watch is VERY large and appears to be nice. However the packaging was bad. It looks like someone opened this and sent it back. There is a sticker that was scratched off one side and the print is faded and worn off the cardboard box it came in. I do not have time to return it or I would for a better collectable tin. Just hope my nefew doesn't notice.
I purchased the rose/gold in August 2018 and the watch just died today - I like the clock portion but the bracelet portion was stained black within weeks of purchasing and I am disappointed that it didn't even last 6 months. I would not recommend.
Never got delivered.
1st watch the hands fell off within a month or 2, so I bought another and when it showed up the clasp was loose and kept falling off. Was great while it lasted, I returned the 2nd one and decided to not buy another one after disposing of the 1st.
Returned the watch. Backlight was terrible.
Loved this watch from when it arrived early August 2017 until last week when first the light stopped working, and then condensation appeared inside the screen. This is why I replaced a similar type of watch with this one. Disappointed that this happened less than 6 months after purchasing the product.
The display was awesome and the menus were easy enough for a child to use and setting the clock was a breeze. Unfortunately the wrist band is not made well and the pin came out within 24 hours of unboxing. We put it back several times and even tried a paper clip but eventually the whole thing ripped through the plastic. I had to return it.
I can't rate the product yet, I just got it last night. I ordered the watch as a gift. It was delivered in the plain large envelope. The watch box is all disfigured.
Didn't appear to be a large enough dial to fit my large/xlarge wrist and hands. So I returned it. Prolly look more balanced on an average or smaller wrist sized person.
Lighter works good, display WAY too dim. Can't read in daytime(not even just cloudy)
I really wanted to buy them in black instead of blue. It just looked like black color in the picture. But they work okay
Can't change the date, the band is cheap and can't be adjusted... basically way cheaper than it looks
The band was way to wide for my small, female wrist. I sent it back. Joyce
Just wore casually and band dry rotted/broke within 6 months. Great appearance,but poor quality.
I paid $400 for this watch. I thought the quality would be better at that price point but it's not. The "stainless-steel strap feels like plastic painted like metal. It does not feel durable at all. The face is harder to read than pictured. I have many G-Shock watches and the lower priced versions are where this watch should fall, then it would be fine. $400 is way too much for this watch.
The watch looks good but the clasp is impossible! I tried to coax and adjust it so it would hold but there was no way it would work. The clasp makes a slight click when it closes but it will not lock the band on your wrist. The watch continually fell off.
I had high hopes for this quick release band and I tried to give it a chance. It is a pretty good value for the money, however I wore it for less than two weeks before it starting to show wear. The metal color is already fading and the piece that you loop the band through on the adjustable end is already bent. I'm not overly hard on my watches and I only wear it about 12hrs a day. It looks nice, but it won't last.
Bought this for my daughter to use as a CNA because the face is so easy to read and it able to stand up to repeated cleaning. The Timex I've owned for 30 years still keeps perfect time but, over 48 hours this one is off by 20 minutes. I missed the return date. Be warned this is not traditional quality I expect from Timex
Watch works, but there is no way to turn of the analog minute hand adjustment. Consistently tells the wrong time in that aspect. Also very strange that the background light goes off every time you want to start or stop your timer. Not a bad watch for less than $15 but I wouldn't recommend it.
Had this band for a little over a year and it is starting to fall apart
The watch itself it is very nice. But it came without baterry and where I live is kind of hard to find someone who can replace it.
No warranty card or instruction booklet included in the package. Web site not helpful. Michael Kors' customer service non-existing. Very disappointed.
I like love the design and colors of the watch. It will be a beautiful accessory. On the other hand , it won't keep time and appears to have a slow battery. I am highly aggravated with the company supplying the watch that doesn't do its job. I am home bound and disabled. It is not easy nor convenient to run out, purchase a new battery then have it installed. I expected it to be more than eye candy. I expected it to work accurately.
I like how it looks. Even though I have directions I am having a hard time changing time, etc. on it.
So a dead battery 4 months in.... I have watches that are 5+ years running on the same battery, and this thing couldn't make it 1/2 a year. They should run for at least a year or they should be replaced free of charge.
Nice watch. IMPOSSIBLE to adjust band. The individual rods are easy enough to remove. But each rod has a small cap that must fitted on the rod within the tiny insert area allowed. It does not snap on. From either direction. Basically DOA. No videos online to explain removing the rod then fitting cap to rod once in watch band. DOA, dropping off 20 story building GOODBYE BOOM!
I understand it is cheap but you can actually hear the clicking of the needle which I have never heard before even on cheaper watches.
I didn't realize the buttons were for decorations not function so I was a little embarrassed and disappointed when my realized it after I gifted it to him
The watch are too thick and large. Absolutely not "ultra thin" as stated.I suspect they are Chinese made. Do the Chinese know how to use a caliper?
Watch was great small and functional. Battery lasted less than a month!
Too small for a man. Needed more details on size. Might have to return.
Love everything about the watch EXCEPT for the fact that despite only three months of gentle use, the "mineral crystal" as described in product specs has scratched up so much it's getting almost impossible to read the time! Very disappointed with this flaw, which was noted by several other reviewers.
It leaks, even without submerging to more than 3 feet. It stops when not wearing it for a 24 hrs.
It is really nice and the quality looks good but it doesn't close. The bunny's face is always open and hanging from the rest of the watch when you try to close it, it stays closed for a second and then is open again. I bought 2 for my girls, and they cannot wear them since they look very bad with the face hanging to the side. So sad.
I bought this for the stopwatch capability bit the lighted dial only stays on for 3 seconds and when it's off I can't read it. Really frustrating and useless
My husband bracelet broke he is not happy. The watch is fine
I like the product, but it didn't come with all the parts (band hoop)
Watch came in total different box than what was showed and it came dead, I'm guessing because the hand adjuster was pushed .
You buy a cheap watch you got a cheap watch
Really beautiful watch. I got a lot of compliments on it. Unfortunately they don't last long at all. I've been through two already- the first one, the second hand just came off and was rattling around inside the watch face. I returned it and ordered another one, which was fine for a month, just past the return date. Then it just didn't work one morning, and that was that.
Nice looking watch. BUT, two months after purchase battery is dead.
The watch is great, works perfectly. However there is no compass. Blatant lie...
nice watch. My daughter loves it. We have had it for about 4 months and the band just broke.
Watch itself is great. Looked really nice on. My 13 year old son wore the watch once a week for services. No ball playing or rough activity when wearing the watch. Band broke within 6 months. Glued it back together and lasted another two months. A new band costs almost as much as the watch. Wish he could've had it for longer. Need skagen band. Couldn't find a knock off that fit properly.
Second hand stopped working after a year. Thought it was beautiful other than that.
I ordered this watch from amazon and the watch had a mechanical issue when it came in. When I was trying to adjust the analog time to be the same as the digital time it didnt work. Read manual, I called casio support they helped, but confirmed that there was an issue. Even though they offered a warranty, I didnt want the product because of my experience. I was looking forward to it, but then the fact that it came in with an issue was a turn off. So I returned the product back to amazon.
The watch band was so small, was very disappointed that I could wear the watch straight out the box. Looks great, but if I can't wear it, what's the point.
Overall, appearance is nice. However, the face is very small for a man. This is more suited to a woman's wrist.
Washed my hands with it on once on the second day I had it. The watch stopped keeping accurate time at that point. The bracelets are nice and they look great together as a set.
Broken on arrival. Great light. Nice finish and great price, but still broken.
This is a great watch for the price. I have had much better dive watches, but they have costed 3+ times as much.
The watch stopped working 2 weeks after I got it
I absolutely loved this watch. It was the perfect idea having the 24 clock and the second hand. The reason I gave it 3 stars is because the band immediately stained. A dingy white watch is disappointing.
Watch was very nice but the wooden band broke after 2 months. Now it is worthless.
Gave gift to friend, found scratches
The watch was beautiful; however, the clasp on the strap was faulty and difficult to adjust.
I bought this on a whim because I thought it was cute and I keep breaking all my nice watches. But this thing is too big for even my boyfriends wrist.
I like this watch but the mechanics to close the strap is a pain in the neck. I takes me 3-4 attemps to close and 4-5 attempts to open/remove watch from my wrist. I am always fearful that the little metal bar that secures a piece of the strap is going to break because of the force and pressure I need to apply to close or open the stap on this watch. I got what I paid for and don't expect this watch to last more than 2-3 months.
Super cute watch but stopped working after a year, maybe even sooner. I replaced the battery but that wasn't it. Super disappointed.
Battery was dead within two month. It's definitely not all that it's cracked up to be.
It's just Ok, nothing special. Feels kind of cheap, very light. Not bad for the price but isn't a high end Seiko by any means. Delivery was good and packing was fine.
iT HAS ALREADY SLOWED DOWN; ONE WEEK AFTER PURCHASE.
Love the Velcro strap, but second hand ticks, not sweeps, which makes it useless for me as an EMT. Also battery died about 5 weeks after I bought it.
The watch arrived with a dead battery and there is no way for me to make the wristband smaller. I took it to a watch place and they couldn't make the adjustment. So disappointing. I will be returning this.
Looked cool but broke almost immediately. Cheap.
I bought this for my 16 year old daughter, and she absolutely loved it. The watch looks exactly the same, in person, as it does on the picture. Update: two months later, the glass face fell off out of nowhere. We are really disappointed.
Unfortunately, I did not know to turn down the stem before going in the water! I think that some water got in, and now the hour hand is always ahead of the hour. I tried to return it to Amazon, but my 30 day return period expired, when I was in the hospital.
Didn't pair with my Android and was marked non-returnable on Amazon, so I got to keep the watch, and some refund, but at the end of the day this is just a pretty watch for me, then.
Was too big, ended up returning
I don't recommend this watch box. After a few uses the stitching on the watch pillows are coming loose. Not acceptable for this price range.
sorry but the one i received has problems with the screen, mix numbers , returned , customer service great, maybe i will try another one
Two issues, and considering what they are, make them both big deals. First, the little clasp to keep it on your wrist manages to slip out on it's own. This doesn't happen often, but considering the 2nd main function of a watch is to stay on your wrist, for it to happen at all is pretty bad. And the first function? As in keeping time? Roughly every week to week and a half I have to reset it because it runs fast and gains a minute or more. I need this to be accurate. Accurate time keeping for my job is the only reason I got it. But it can't even manage to do this. If you only need to have a rough idea of the time, you can use this watch, which is a markedly better than just looking at the sun and guessing. But that's the best thing I can say about it.
A very shiny stainless steel look. Not grey. Returned
I bought this same watch with a brown band 3 years ago. It's still working. The band is very comfortable and easy to wear. I thought I'd get a white band for the spring. It feels like plastic and very uncomfortable. I'm very disappointed with the band.
The hour and minute hands are very difficult to see with the black/dark face. They blend into the background - its much easier to see the seconds hand. In daylight I could not read time without getting the watch very close and "looking " for the hands. The stripe on the hands is too narrow. Blacklight is great, numbers are good size, watchband is ok. But when I drive I cannot read the time on this watch.
not able to see the numbers at any time.
Loved the design and the glow in the dark feature for night time vitals. Unfortunately, it does not glow in the dark..not even the hands. Also, I clipped it to my scrub pocket and it fell off several times throughout my shift. Disappointed.
Band broke within first week of use.
The portion of the clasp that enters into one of the holes on the leather band does not stay in place. It's a design flaw. I'll need to superglue or solder the piece together so that it doesn't disengage every time I put it on. Disappointing, but for $15 dollars I'm not surprised this item has issues.
Watch band is to short & the instructions are vague
The watch is nice. It is frustrating and disappointing to not be able to find an actual woman's size watch anymore..It's sad...when the description says "Ladies watch" I don't trust it anymore..
Looks nice and keeps time well. Unfortunately, it does not keep date accurately.... which is half its function. Also, unlike advertised, the metal band DOES catch your arm hairs.
Love the look but must return it since it runs slow.
Beautiful but haven't given it to my birthday girl yet. So until then I can give a true review.
Again. You get what you pay for it. Looked and worked fine for few weeks then started looking warn.
It's OK for a once in awhile wear not really great quality
Band wears off really fast, thought about replacing it but now that my middle button got stuck and their warranty and Skagen customer service is meh im thinking about getting a new 1.
I love this watch, but it died less than 2 years after purchase. Seiko was willing to "fix" it for full price. I would not recommend any product the manufacturer does not stand behind.
Loved it at first. Didn't last long. The dial came off about a month after is started using it.
A perfectly good watch but the face was much too large on my wrist to be comfortable or to fit under a sleeve. If it had been smaller I may not have returned.
Way too big of a face. Wouldn't recommend unless you want your watch to be bulky and stand out. Very light weight, but feels cheaply made. The face of the watch is plastic. My son picked it out for his birthday but was disappointed as he thought it didn't look the same as pictured. Isn't that bright like the picture shows. The light doesn't stay on long when you push the button. Would not recommend. Gave it a two star because Amazon has an easy return policy.
I don't see a way to contact Amazon about this order. Probably missing something and will look again. The watch frequently stopped working. So I decided to buy a new battery for it (less than 2 months old) and I am still having the same issue. Unfortunately, I threw all the packing, etc., away. Trying to find out if I can get some monetary consideration on another one. I had purchased this same watch previously and loved it, perfect fit for my slim wrists.
Not easy to read. Shiny glass and high reflection
The watch itself looks very neat and it's the same as in pics. However it just feels cheap and the clasp already feels like its going to break. But for the price I wasn't expecting much more
This is a very interesting watch. Those 3 dials inside the big watch face are fake. You can press the two buttons on the side all you want but nothing will happen. I keep it in my collection because it looks cool. There are a bunch of cheap watches here in Amazon that are the same way. Fake dials. I get these watches to put in my collection. Funny, no one ever asks me if they work. The funkier they look the more people like them.
This is an ok watch. IF ONLY THEY HAD INSTRUCTIONS! I did manage to find some on YouTube that helped.
Broke in four months. Glass popped off and paint peeling as a result.
The pin in the band rusted and broke after one month.
shinny and silky, not at all like I expected
It's an okay watch. It is unique looking, but the strap is thinner than expected. There's also some blemishes or dust in the glass behind the face that I can't get out. The face is also a dark blue, not black.
It's as cheap as anything. Falls apart as soon as you get it wet.
Cover is way out of alignment but it didn't cost much. I guess you get what you pay for.
I bought one of these for my Garmin Vivoactive 3, and found that periodically on the of the pins would pop out of place. and my watch would fall onto the floor. After comparing the pins on this band to the ones that came with the watch, I found that the spring parts are a tiny bit shorter and thinner, and it actually looks like they bent a little over time, making it more likely to fall out. The Vivoactive has a small bevel where the pin locks into to help with alignment so your mileage my vary, but the pins here are definitely thinner than they could be
giving to my friends little girl
This watch band was a replacement for the original. It is close to the color of the original band. This is where the pros end. It is really small, as mentioned by a few other people. I have a small wrist and it barely fits. The clasp is gold so it doesn't go with the watch. You would probably be better off looking for something else.
It's a great watch on the outside look but mechanically work not great,it's not great.
Very disappointed. I received the watch and the battery was not working.
The clasp did not hold at all and after taking two pins out to shorten the watch band it broke on the third
It came broken. The attachment to the band was broken when we pulled it out.
Delivered on time. Problem is, every now and again, it stops working for at least a half hour. When reset it works until the next stoppage.
Came broken, was off set so 12 was more away half way between 1 and 2, and the battery was half dead. Had the battery replaced and it set in the correct spot and love this watch. But due it coming broken is why it's 2 star
I ordered the Rose Gold color and it's huge difference between picture and them in real. It seems like I got Gold color instead of Rose gold
I bought this watch as a birthday gift for my son. The watch is beautiful and looks exactly as in the photo. The build, however, is poor. One of the knobs fell off just 4 days later, while my son was sleeping, and some water came in while he washed his hands the next morning, which destroyed the watch. I suppose the quality matches the price.
It was pretty and that's about it it stop workin a month after I got it
Unable to adjust fit from home
Made poorly, battery died within a month of purchase. The plate that shows what time the hands are pointing to rotates and moves out of place. Not very expressive, you get what you pay for.
The wrist band won't stay on. The clasp is worthless.
It was pretty but way too big.
Does more than I needed. Gave it to my grandson
Was looking forward to wearing this watch this week on vacation, when I opened the package I noticed the adjust button is pushed in all the way and I can't change any options. Unfortunately I'll have to return it when I get home.
Right out of the box the band was loose on both sides. Looks kinda cheap.
Loses 2-3 minutes a day. Have had probably a half dozen Ironman watches over the ears, but never had a Timex product that was substandard out of the box. Will have to replace with something else.
Strap is disintegrating after 15 days of wearing it. It came with refund card for any reason, please contact me to do this.
First of all, I loved this watch! But after a year or so the band broke in half! The warranty should have covered it but didn't. The replacement for it was about half the price of the watch!
Seems to have degraded over time. The band retainers have both broken and deep stress shown on the band itself. Need to buy a new band after just over a year
I received watch some one already used. No weather shows
Looks nice but only lasted 4 months before it stopped working. No matter what I do it continues to have the wrong time. Very disappointing.
Not even close to the sz I ordered. Entirely toooooo small. Wouldn't stick. Wouldn't hold those babies up, in or any way without making them look ridiculously mis-shaped. I couldn't image even the correct size helping. Ladies, this IS NOT for the large busted sorry.
My 7 yr old liked it. However, the indigo light only worked for a few weeks. I changed the battery to see if that was the issue and it wasn't. The rubber gasket, which makes this waterproof, is slightly too large, and the channel it's supposed to fit into is very shallow, so I wasn't able to get it placed well enough to make it seal properly. So, basically, no light, no waterproof, and also the buttons are hard to press. Overall, typical cheap junk. Now searching for a replacement.
Didn't have great durability. Also left a rash on my kids arms.
Looks and feels as cheap as it cost.
too narrow and too long, watch keeps rolling around, metric dimensions difficult to use
I purchased this strap just a couple of months ago and the end of the strap is already coming apart. The velcro part is attached onto plastic band with a thin strip of double sided tape (see photo) and it doesn't adhere the two pieces together for long. Moisture seems to break the adhesive down. So you end up with this de-lamination within a short few weeks. Even if the strap didn't de-laminate the way it did, the material itself seems thin and delicate and would not survive long. Overall, this is a poorly constructed product with low quality materials. Waste of money. This was a replacement band for a CASIO dive watch.
Super cheap but then again look at the price
Not easy as i thought
These were really confusing to put together. Had several people trying to help me and I didn't bring the instructions with me while I was in Scotland. No one could figure it out. I actually just threw them away .
probably priced right, I was looking for something of better quality...I returned it
Overall look and feel of the bracelet is great. The primary issue is the clasp. The two curved ends of the bar that holds it on are too small for the holes in the clasp. It routinely falls off. I would expect much more for a $50 product. Also, this product took nearly two weeks to deliver. Response from the seller was mediocre at best.
Fits well and secure, glass face scratches easily, the illumination button needs to easier to press.
The watch itself is fine, but the battery lasted just over 2 months. No one on here can tell me what kind of battery I need, so I'm going to have to break out my magnifying glass and hope it's on the battery they provided. I'm going to return it if I end up buying another battery two months from now. It should last longer than this.
I love the watch case. However I order ebony got reddish brown color wood. I emailed the shipper and never heard back. Great product poor shipper.
Nice watch. Looks good. But doesn't keep good time. Everytime i wear it i have to set the time.
I love this band but the canvas has now separated and it look bad now -- for the price I would have expected it to last a lot longer. I wear my watch every day but do not really abuse the band at all -- not sure why the canvas has holes in it now.
Super cute. Didn't like that when you adjust the digital clock, it doesn't sync with the hands on the face and there no second hand.
This was a gift and dont see any instructions in box . Do you just set watch to correct time.
Smaller than what expected
A cool looking watch. Nicely made but it is painted plastic. The band is metal.
Looks good but is hard to see in low lighting and it didn't give me a notification when I received them would give a 3.5 stars
This watch is small which isn't necessarily bad but unfortunately the strap is really short. I would say it's really a kids watch but that said I think a lot of kids would love to have it. Anyway, I find it very easy to read, even without my glasses on.
The watch i received is as described in the product detail. Personally i would like the watch to have a heavier feel on my wrist.
Looks great. After awhile it's (a little) annoying to lock it.
I like the watch. It has sturdy feel about it. It feels like my timex expedition but a little heavier. However, I cannot change the day. I can change all the digital settings except the day. If anything changes I'll update this.
I liked this watch but the strap broke within 3 months. Disappointing quality.
It is a decent watch for the price for sure.
The luminous dial only works for 15 minutes after exposure to bright light.
I feel like this is not as heavy as other Skagen watches I have purchased. It almost seems like a fake. Maybe they just make them cheaper now. I like the design, but feel like the quality isn't there.
Very comfortable, but I wish the bands were a bit longer.
The size is good and the numbers easy to see. The instructions require a magnifying glass and they are not that easy to follow. I am still on 24-hour time, but I did figure out how to turn off the alarm.
as a nice looking piece of jewelry I would recommend but you will find that this watch is difficult to read, a lot of glare, small dials and numbers, find a similar Seiko that's easier to read.
its pretty and a nice size - however it lacks a second hand! The second hand is important to me!
MY WIFE RETURNED THIS ITEM BECAUSE IT WAS TOO BIG AND UNCOMFORTABLE ON HER ARM.
Bought this watch for my husband who loves his watches. unfortunately it was too small for him. he tends to like the watches with big faces and this looked more like a lady's watch on him. it looked larger in the photos
The watch is just fine, but it shouldn't be advertised as a kids watch- it's much too big. Bought for my seven year old and another for my four year old. Liked the watch but felt it was the right size for an adult.
The watch looks bigger in the picture. Turns out the band is really thin, still cute though.
I had Movado watch for many years. This Movado bold came with the box with bit rough finish so I am bit anxious if it real or knockoff. The watch itself is nice looking though.
Watch isn't even water resistance I wore it's the a pool party and only did minimum swimming never submerged it even 2 ft in the pool.
The strap, thin and bad quality
It works fine, but it was a pain finding someone to fit it to my wrist and repair it.
This is the way the package was received how can I give this to someone as a gift.. should have put in some type of bubble wrap
This is more for a man or woman with big hands and wrists, its bit big for my wrists but yes it is a nice watch
Decent cheap band not enough brightness but ok for the price.
The indigo light does not work. When the light comes on the time Disappears.
Pros: - Clasp prevents watch from falling off arm, even if it accidentally comes unclasped. - Second hand is useful. - Color does not rub off over time - always silver. - Glow in the dark type hands can *sometimes* be read at night. Cons: - Date number is too small to read. - CANNOT REPLACE BATTERY - My battery just gave out after 2 yrs 10 months. The back of the watch seems IMPOSSIBLE to remove. There is no indention or tab on the metal back piece big enough to fit a precision screwdriver into in order to remove the back & replace the battery. I've tried to pry it off, but I can't seem to get a tiny flathead to catch anywhere to provide the needed leverage.
Average girls watch. Nice and pretty. But cheaply made. If ur on a budget this watch is for u.
the water leaked inside the watch and the little lens got lost.
Band a little tight and very hard to adjust day and date Time very accurate
The band feels good and looks great. After a few months I've noticed the color bleeds from the band when I wash my hands. At the end of the day there's a brown band stain around my wrist. After some scrubbing it comes off but it is everyday. If it's a hot day and I sweat there will be a stain.
Standard, somewhat flimsy straps...
I love Timex Ironman watches. Super durable, waterproof, functional. However, due to the strap color, it has discolored rather quickly and is not easy to remove the discoloration.
The hands and numbers are difficult to see because they don't contrast enough with the rest of the face. You can read it in bright light but in dim light...forget it. Also, it is very thick. It's an OK watch if you have others for when it's not so bright out but if this is going to be your only watch, look elsewhere.
The band itself is nice but I made the mistake in ordering this thinking it was an actual watch not just the band.
Smaller than I thought but it will still work.
Hello, I purchased this item in the month of April last week and it got delivered late and by that time it got delivered, I left to India. They did give me a refund on the watch but the watch is with me. I would like repurchase the watch instead of returning it.
Love the watch, but was disappointed it arrived with a dead battery. Just bought a new battery - too much bother to return it.
Hard to set.Not kid friendly
This watch was a Birthday gift for my husband. He loves it. Very sporty. But so difficult to set the time date etc. still can't figure it out. I may return it
Love the functions of the watch and used almost all of them consistently. After about two years though the band just cracked in half. The other thing is the clear plastic is easily scratched and I'll get marks on it from brushing against the wall. Aside from the band that broke, I'm very happy with this watch and will buy again.
Just a note to others. The LCD background is black so the numbers do not have a strong contrast making this (me) difficult to read day or night at a glance. Otherwise would have given 4 stars overall. I returned mine...thank you Amazon.
Nice watch, but did not come with an extender to make the band larger. Fit kinda tight around the wrist.
My wife liked the watch but sadly the band was too small for her wrist so we're sending it back.
This is a nice watch but does have some of the flaws mentioned in other reviews. It's also a bit bulky.
shock resistant, accurate...but unless you have 20/20 vision and are in bright light conditions you will have difficulty making out the 3 tiny digital areas rendering them practically useless to you. It is accurate. I understand the rational to give the appearance of an analog watch with a dark face...for the price...hum....oh and the light is a tiny yellow side light also useless does not even light up the entire face of the watch at night. Not sure how the designers let this one slip by...looks nice but basically you are left with an analog watch that looks digital but effectively no. They need to pull this watch go back to the drawing board. I would not buy it again...yeah concur it is kinda disappointing and I had read the previous 1 star reviews but was willing to buy it because I wanted the analog baby g...keeps accurate time....
Nice and easy to use. Reliable.
I like the color of the watch. The band is too small and had to give the watch away but she is very pleased with the watch
It works but the metal is not hard enough, so the tips for the pusher can bend and then break. Good thing is that they send spares but I have broken 2 already while resizing bracelets for my watches. Get it cheap and be mindful that it's a bit crappy but it works.
The pads for the watch are spacious enough, but the circumference of the case isn't large enough to close without great effort stretching the material if the watch face is large.
The watch is pretty solid and looks great. Most importantly, it keeps accurate time. The watch is much larger than what it looks like in the pictures but still looks pretty neat. Please keep in mind that the split second dials are just for show and are not operational but that was listed in the description and not a surprise. I highly recommend it.
One of the seven bought that actually works
Looks cute but the band is horrible. Won't stay fastened
Pretty watch, was saving for a birthday gift, but when I started to wrap it I noticed the face on the watch was cracked. Too late to send back. May have it fixed or just donate it.
I like just about everything about this strap however it's a little hard to justify the price. Maybe I'm crazy to question the price since it's not expensive. However at the same time that I ordered this band I ordered a set of 6 NATO straps and they were 1/4 the price. This strap is probably twice as nice as the others but unless it lasts a very long time it's not four times as nice. Not a big deal but I have a couple dozen watches and try to keep the amount of money I spend on straps to a minimum. But as I say the strap looks good fits fine and was easy to install.
Watch didn't come with extra links so was too small. It's a beautiful piece but a shame I couldn't keep it.
On downside is there in no light so you can see the time in the dark
This watch is not so easily used I tried to use the light button and it took several efforts to get it to come on. the watch band was very cheap and plastic I would never buy this watch again
The watch was very nice - if you are looking for it to sync to the app, that becomes a problem. I would only recommend if you did not want to use the app.
watch itself is nice but the directions to set it are almost impossible to follow!!
Dial/face is too hard to read. Very dark and no illumination.
Only worn a couple days, but seems to work nicely.
Battery lid is very fragile and the tiny nob broke upon replacing the lithium battery Had to tape the lid unfortunately I would not buy this alarm clock if I were you
It looks ok. It looked little big on me since I don't have wide wrist. But I didn't like the belt. It's hard and cheap looking. I returned it.
Looks awesome, feels good on my wrist and the clasp seems very sturdy. I would give this 5 stars but it scratched my watch putting it on and off. The metal case doesn't have any padding or anything underneath it, IT WILL SCRATCH YOUR WATCH either putting it on or taking it off. Granted the scratches will be on the side and not visible but still.
I am very happy with the purchase and will most likely order another color
When it came I pulled out the stem and it came all the way out of the watch so I know I just got a bad one I've bought several others and they have been very satisfying to me so 1 bad and ten good ones is not to bad huh
It just did not fit right -- too long for wrist.
The pins are so hard to remove to make the band part smaller. it didn't come with the tool so I had to buy one to remove the pins which busted because they were so hard to push out.
It's cute and lady like
Very difficult to set time. Date doesn't work very well Band was huge with no instructions as how to shorten it.
I think this watch was a good value for the price.
Seems durable and functional. It would be extremely bulky for smaller wrists. The included pins are cheap.
Watch looked ok but the design is cheap. It partially broke not long after I got it and now has broken completely.
I love these, but 3 out of the 6 arrived with dead batteries. I don't want to return them. Is there a way to just get new batteries?
I bought this for my husband and when we get it in the mail it's the size of a women's watch. He didn't like it. Other than that it works great.
Ordered saddle brown / saddle brown - received brown with light tan stitching Returned as wrong item Replacement was identical brown with light tan stitching Returned again As a test ordered saddle brown / saddle brown and saddle brown / white linen Received two brown with light stitching (one bright white, one light tan) The saddle brown / saddle brown is a lie. ;) Nice product, but clearly fulfillment issues.
The watch was a gift. It arrived 3 weeks later then the delivery date given. That was a little disappointing.
I'm ever got the correct one it works great. The sizes are a bit confusing. We needed one for the Samsung gear. First one wouldn't fit even thou I bought the one suggested
Very classy looking. Good size & easy to read.
A very nice watch. I love the black face on the dial. Much better for poor eyesight. The problem I had was with the band. It seemed too small and the buckle did not feel secure. I was afraid it would fall off and break or lost. Had to return but Amazon was great with the return. I will be purchasing another watch.
Looks great, I get a ton of compliments. However, Watch was missing paperwork when I received it. Got a nick on the crystal within a week of owning it. Dye from the band stains skin if it gets wet.
Not as easy to read as I had hoped
The watch band is to big.
The watchband ordered did not fit around my arm. They didn't now have a longer band except in a different color which was not what I wanted. It is getting hard to order watchbands since majority go by the width of the watchband and not the length where you can order something that fit around your lower arm. And majority of companies have gone back to the old way of having the leather watchband or the expansion watchband that pulls your hair when placing or trying to put take the watchband off.
The watch is beautiful. However it is sized very small. I had to return it since it wouldn't fit my wrist.
It is a lot bigger than it looks
It is very stylish..many compliments. but I can't get it to announce my texts through the speaker. help please...
The watch looks good but the feel and quality seem cheap.
nice material just a bit short in length
I cannot recommend this watch as a long term solution after two of these have broken on me within months. I do like the aesthetic for its price.
I bought this for my son's highschool graduation. He just wore it without any particular rough usage, but the clasp on the band broke on it just a couple months after he started wearing it. The watch itself is beautiful and still works great, but not at all impressed with the band.
Nice looking watch but the wrist band is extremely hard to attach unless you have help. Disappointed that this was not remedied before.
Hard to see the time, etc. Stylish timepiece.
Seems to keep time well and is very shiny but clasp is very stiff and looks a little cheap. Definitely priced accordingly so worth it but if you're expecting a luxury watch this ain't it.
Looks great . But does not get connected to phone .
Cute watch but I really didn't like the fact that I received it in a plastic bag instead of a box. I bought many watches on Amazon this is the first time I received a watch in a bag. I know I didn't pay much for it but still. That's I gave it 3 stars.
It stops running overnite, every night!
I like it. Very nice looking. Cheaper than a G-Shock. The only thing is the directions for watch are for a basic watch, not to the one I specifically have. It doesn't even tell you how to set the compass. Also on the right hand side is a red arrow on top of what looks like half of a globe always pointing up and words like Auto, STU, AL, TR & ST for which I don't have a clue what it does because the instructions have zero info about the watch.
The buttons are really hard to press on this watch. My husband warned me that it was a small watch and the buttons would be hard to push. It's almost impossible to change or use the settings. If I had to do it over I would pick a larger watch with bigger buttons.
I'm not sure what it does, but it drains batteries. At first, I thought it was that the first battery was just bad, as usual with the type of products. But I changed it for another one, same as I used for other watches, and it just doesn't last. It's a shame because I really like the watch, and other people too.
The winder looked good but was not as quiet as I expected.
Was a great watch to own & wear but eventually the everyday wear got to it, about 3 weeks after delivery & the stitching broke around the top of the watch
Unless you have perfect hearing and are in a sound-proof room when the alarm goes off, chances are good you won't be able to hear it.
Wrist band rod on the case broke off within five months
I had this watch for about a year. I have a G Shock as well but some reason I always wore this one. Yes it's cheap but very visible. I went swimming with it on yesterday and water got in it and fried it. It was not my first time swimming with it.
The texture is nice. There is a gap between the watch body and the band and this gap is making me worried that some day the band will snap off and my watch fall down. Long story short, I don't trust this band with my watch. It is little bit thick. It is not very comfortable, I wear an Apple Watch and for me Apple Watch bands are very comfortable, this one is not comfortable like Apple Watch bands
the knob its hard to turn and hard to adjust the time
With my first watch it would loose approx. 10 min/day; because of this problem I returned the watch for a replacement. Now I am having the same problem with the second watch, except now the problem is the opposite, the watch is gaining 10 min. a day. I'm not a specialist but it seems that is some kind of defect in the timing mechanism. I would love to hear if anyone else has this problem.
There was no user manual or paper instructions.
Hard to set. Son likes it. It's just ok.
The setting button is very sensitive and if I bend my wrist often it pushes the button in further which stops the watch from working. Can not keep up with time using this watch due to it is never right
nice watch but number are too small
Received item quick. Watch was beautiful. Great price for watch. Would give five star rating but watch was way to small with no extra links and would not even go on my son. Had to return watch for full refund.
Great Watch the paint chipped on the side in two weeks
I love the wooden watch face with hour markers. I don't like the cheap looking band and will be replacing it. Keeps time nicely and not too big for a female wrist. If the band were not so chintzy I would have rated it higher.
A little flimsy but ok for the price.
Wasn't the same as my others the same as this one...
I was searching for watches for women, and bought this one by mistake. It's for men, so larger than what I wanted, but I have been using it. I keep forgetting that Amazon's search includes items that are not want you're looking for, and check better next time. *** UPDATE *** The watch band strap loop broke in a little over a year, and it's annoying to use it without it.
Much smaller in person that expected. It says it's about 40mm x 30mm but its more like 35mm x 30mm. The watch face is really small. Much smaller than the photos that were posted. This would be a good watch for a female or child.
The watch it very nice & I bought it for my husband for Christmas. I'm sure he'll love it. However when it got shipped, I could tell there was something wrong because I could hear stuff rattling in the box. When I opened the box, the watch was completely out of the metal gift box it came in, & the gift box had been hitting the watch. This wouldn't have happened if the gift box lid was secure with at least tape, or the packaging had packing paper to make the box not move around. Doing so can help avoid shipping errors such as scratches. I included a picture to show how I received the watch :(
i love the look and feel. the android OS is good. my only 2 issues is after 1 month of use the battery life is bad not even 8 hours without having to charge it. also it keeps wanting to reboot and sometimes gets stuck in a reboot loop.
Good for the money. Not a quality product but for the price it's hard to expect anything different. I'm happy with it as a whole though
Watch face is very small. I thought it would work for me as I am 6'0 and a strong build , but it feels like a woman's watch. I will continue buying Seiko, just not this model.
I like the overall look and style of the watch but the hands are difficult to see on the gold background and the digital readout is hard to read without shining direct light on it. The digital feature would be easier to view if it was either backlit or on a different colored background.
Very good reliable timex, very tall case, was hoping for a low profile just like my old triathlon but is probably twice as tall.
Nice face and shape but the stap could be a little longer and thicker. Even with a small wrist I'm almost to the last hole and I wonder how long the strap will hold up.
I've always worn a digital Timex, and wanted to try an analog watch. This is an amazing watch for the price, but not to my personal liking. Went back to digital.
Band difficult to snap
The band was great until the stitching started to come undone after about 20 days.
I purchased this gift for my significant other over the holidays because of the competitive price and the lack of funds on my part. She has received many compliments for the beauty of the set and loves the product. However, the watches rose gold coloring has been fading from the piece of jewelry since a month after she has been wearing it. Though the watch is worn everyday for multiple hours, I feel that the coloring should of held up much longer than it has. She works in an office setting everyday, the the physical demand is very limited and doesn't warrant the amount of wear that shows on the device. Other than that, this is a beautiful set and is worth the attempt to receive one of better quality for yourself. Good luck
This is my favorite watch ever from a looks, comfort and functionality perspective. Unfortunately there seems to be a design flaw, or an issue with my watch in particular, regarding the bracelet pins. I've had this watch for just over 1 year and have had to have the pins on the top of the watch replaced 3x and the bottom replaced 4 times. I wear watches every day and have done so for 30 years. Timex to Tissot and while I like this watch better than any other, I've never had this kind of fragility.
the illumination of the light is very low
Beautiful, quality natural, but speed working after several weeks.
Easy to set up and easy to wear, but it doesn't hold very well and you will find yourself adjusting the strap constantly.
The winder works, but my husband has not yet repaired the piece which holds the pillow. Either the screw used to secure the large rectangle to interior of the box was too short, or the hole was mis-drilled or the small wooden block in the space where the wires are held is mounted incorrectly. It may be a combination of these factors. My husband has let it sit since Christmas because he has another winder that works ok. It was packed very securely as another reviewer commented. We have not operated it continually, but it is whisper quiet when we tested it.
This band WAS great. It felt great & fit on my Orient Ray II no issues. The only issue I had was it's durability. After 2 months of owning the strap it ripped near the quick release. I was disappointed but the strap was so comfy I'm not upset. I just wish it lasted longer. I only wear my Ray casually; never taking it to the gym / deployed. I wish there was a standard version because it seems like the quick release was the failing point. If there are any questions please hit me up.
Great watch but it sucks how it stops working when you're not wearing it
Good watch for the money, fits my small wrists well. However, the seconds hand for the chronograph does not match the markers, which I know is common for many quartz watches. I was hoping this would not be the case for this watch.
I buy one watch per year because the battery lasts only that long and no watch makers want to replace this watch battery because it requires special tools. Other Timex watch batteries can be replaced but this battery is really hard to get to. The watch itself is fine and good for small wrists. If only it lasted longer or was easier to replace the battery.
Too small for my wrist but beautiful.
I bought this watch for my 12 years old because he wanted a classic watch with roman numerals.....instead of IV for 4, it has IIII, and I like the correct way better than symmetry. Original band was too big and had to buy a shorter to fit his wrist
This is a beautiful watch that I was excited to give to my son for Christmas but unfortunately the minute hand is broken and it just dangles.
I still have not figured out how to set the watch. Good price if I could use it.
I was hoping the bezel would have been bigger and the strap is very fine and not sure if it is leather. BUT its OK for the price.
A barebones watch. Yet, I knew what I was getting and for the price it is good. Be aware, it is large as the photo shows. I am a 5'11" male with a fairly large bone structure and I will say this, you cannot misread the numbers!
The watch is nice, but since I received the watch it slowly get's off time. I kept thinking I most have bumped into the knob that let's you change the time, but that was never the case. I'm not sure what I'm supposed to do to fix this. It frustrating because the watch should have never come like this.
Watch works good, night mode not vary bright, watch is to busy for me and difficult to opperate
Watch works fine, good price, quick delivery. Poor documentation on how to adjust for time zone and daylight savings time. I have had two previous atomic watches and they have understandable instructions included. This one does not.
Love the color! The band is pretty stiff though. However, it's still wearable & I get a lot of compliments on it.
Almost great watch, looks great but little imperfections great watch for the price
The digital display was too small. I use it for day to day use.
Not waterproof. Stem does not screw down to seal out water.
Keeps accurate time so far, but watch band makes it difficult to put watch on.
I would not buy this watch again nor recommend it. I am having a lot of issues with it. Just to name a few: It does not connect correctly with my phone It keep falling because it does not latch correctly, which causes my screen to have a chip I really dislike the phone
I returned the first watch because the second hand was off center. I am waiting for a replacement to arrive and am hopeful It is the best looking scrub watch I've come across so I want it to be accurate on this try.
I know ours is a throw-away society now, but I'd hoped that this would last longer than 2 years! Actually a little less than than that. I thought I just needed a new battery, but the watch just stopped working (and at the original cost is not worth repairing). It was hard to set the time, so I never liked that; but it had a nice sporty look and looked nicer with clothes than those clunky black plastic sport watches.
Nice watch but the hands cover up the digital display
First time a dog jumped on me and it broke off. I'd had it for less then two weeks. They replaced it fast! Second one I got i Had a hard time reading the time on the face because I got black on black. Forget reading the digital one with the clock hands in the way anyways. After wearing it for a month I developed an allergy to the metal so I have a raw patch on my wrist. If you have mineral allergies, like being able to read your watch face and want a durable watch then don't buy this..
The watch that showed up to my house was the wrong one, I don't know if they have different styles and sent me the wrong one, but this is the one that came in the mail, does it's job tho
did not like too much, looks cheap
Interesting watch, beautiful designer, yet be careful not to be waterproof. However, for the price it pays off.
It was much smaller than I expected, I have many invicta watches same style, and this one size is a disappointing. Other than that , its a very good watch, pops pretty well for being a normal size watch. Ps. Don't pay for 2 day shipping, took 4 days to arrive, wasted about 9 bucks!!
Hard to set and not really easy to read time. I bought it thinking that it would be easier for me to tell time but it doesn't- have to pinch the light button to see time better.
Great looking watch just a poor quality band... band started cracking after just 1 month.
nice look, but a bit big
It's a nice watch, attractive and well made but way to many features and too complicated for this simple guy.
This watch has a larger face than I expected, but otherwise, as described - great look, good feel, and accurate time keeping
I'm thrilled with this watch. It's beautiful, and fits my wrist perfectly. It isn't a Submariner, but it's got to be the best value in automatic dive watches available. Mine is getting +4 and -3 out of the box.
I bought it to mod. Good specs for a cheap watch. No complaints.
A good, solid sport watch. Easy to read display, uncomplicated, sturdy construction. The band is comfortable if a bit flimsy feeling but at this price it's hard to complain. I like it.
I gave the Boys Camouflage LED Sport Watch as a Christmas gift. It was well-received.
The watch looked and felt great on. I have big wrists and the band fit without any problems. After wearing the watch for about a week one of the number marks fell off and now it rolls around inside and makes noise. The watch itself still works but hearing the clinging noise is annoying.
The fit is perfect for my watch 24mm. The pins should be a litter thicker. Please make pins thicker. With more colors.
A pretty watch and chain. Quality seems good. The stem broke after 2 years of use...probably my fault in winding it too vigorously... and the repair cost estimate was double the price of the watch. I may get another one and try and be more gentle when winding it. Overall I think it is well worth the price.
I bought this watch for my nephew. So far it seems like a great durable watch. The light is not as bright as pictured. Nice watch that gets the job done in telling time and date.
Great smart watch. Definitely exceeded my expectations based on the previous reviews. The lack of battery time has not been a problem. I get a entire days usage out of the watch and usually have about 25-30% battery by 11:00 P.M. and I take it off the charger at 6:30 A.M. Just wish it was slightly more intuitive to use.
An excellent product, good quality watch band for the price, I recommended this product.
I've been buying this model for years. My last one started leaking water into it. But I take into ocean, hot tub, shower, diving. The features are great. One look gives you time, day and date. The leather strap tends to smell after getting wet. I put on my silicone strap instead.
The stuhrling watch is very classy for the everyday life but not to showy
Nice watch a little beefier than what I am accustomed to, but fits/wears well. I am pretty rough on my watches and this one has held up so far. Easy to read in the dark with built in light. The analog hands can obscure the digital displays. The hands can be moved out of the way temporarily, but it is is not usually worth the trouble
The outter box was a little banged up, however the inner box was in good shape and great for gift packaging. The watch is beautiful! :-)
It was a gift for my son in law. He was thrilled with it.
Good value for the price. Difficult to read in certain light. Easy to program.
Nice quality for your money.
For $55 bucks cant really complain that much . But If I had to : 1)The bracelet was impossible for me to size because the pins wouldnt push through ( i even broke 2 of my tools !) . And 2 , Accuracy is - 10 seconds per day . Ive had worse but I will always prefer my watches to run slightly fast. Still cant go wrong for a 50 dollar automatic watch
This was a gift for family member. Attractive blue color, easy to read. Recipient uses it daily and has had no problems.
Pretty good product for the price. The tools are great for adjusting the band, should work with other bands as well. The replacement pins did rust a bit, but that's not a big deal to me.
I needed this because my original band holder had torn. A new band was simply too costly, and I was skeptical of the cheaper replacement bands. This pack of 10 holders is excellent value. It fits slightly different from the original, which was a bit more pliable. This feels like a harder rubber, but does not really affect how it fits/works on the original band. It has the inner tab to help secure the watchband.
It's an overall great product. The only reason I'm giving four stars is because after only one month the pink is starting to wear off. Also just a heads up, there are blue spots on the pink band as part of a pattern. It's not too bad I just wasn't expecting it.
This watch is everything I expected from a Swiss watch company. Very well made and designed. The case feels solid and looks perfectly machined and finished. The “modern” face design really pops and makes it extremely easy to tell the time. It would be perfect except, like everyone else has said, the strap is too damn small for a man's wrist. Mine is 7 1/2” around and it is too tight, even on the last strap hole. So, I removed it and tried some extra straps I had. They did not fit, as they were too thick! Due to the design's recessed lugs, the space is tight and will only accommodate a THIN 22 mm strap! I had to really go through Amazons selection to find one that will work. One positive, during the removal/ replacement of the spring bars it is difficult not to nick the watch finish. The black coating did not come off the lugs and seems really tough. Overall, I love this watch and will purchase another.
For the price really cute and reliable. Shame the crystal scratches so easily. It's a work watch, active practice.
Fits the watch as described.
Got this for my dad on father's day. Really nice looking watch, setup took a little bit of time on the phone app but was able to get it working after some trial and error.
Great watch for the price. I give it 4 stars because the chronometer "reset" button stopped working after replacing the battery (after many years of usage). Overall I'm very happy with this watch.
Stylish and lightweight this made a fantastic gift for my fiance.
Great nighttime lume!
Works like a watch. No frills.
It has an antique look, but very beautiful. I like the dark color and the gold at the center really gives it an elegant look.
My girl love these watches . They do feel cheap but they are cute . Even comes with the tool to take out the band links.
I don't get the fuss from the recent reviews. You bought a $15 watch. Yeah the face is harder to see since its blacked out entirely, but its the appeal of the design to look similar to a knock off MVMT. If you expected better quality than pay for it. Nice genuine leather strap, and slick face. Very stylish for what you pay. Don't listen to the complainers who expected even a $35 watch.
The weight of this watch is perfect its not too heavy and it is not light by any means either. The watch itself is beautiful but it is hard to read it at all times of day, unless you are in a very well lit area. Overall its a good watch but if you depend on your watch to tell the time i would get something else.
I absolutely love this watch, my dislike is the color of the gold, and again I hope it doesn't tarnish quickly because of the price, it seems like it will because it's so yellowish, but otherwise it's beautiful!!!!
Simple easy to read watch.
a little small, but a cute little watch for the price
I really enjoy this watch because I can wear it as a bracelet or take out the extra link myself if I want a snug fit. It's very pretty and versatile with both silver and gold trim.
I chose this watch because I was looking for dual analog/ digital time display, as well as a device that was new and trendy looking. The watch "answered the call" on those items, however, it was a bit larger that I pictured. (That IS the trend for wearing these days though!) It was a bit difficult to see the small digital displays, but the analog hands clearly displayed the time. I use it on occasion, but find it isn't a watch to wear at more formal events.
This is a great watch, but the band is terrible. The band is too thin and flimsy for the watch and breaks easily. Additionally, the watch is waterproof and robust, but the band soaks up water and falls apart. There is an alarm, but it's so quiet it's nearly impossible to hear. The space would have been better spent on a light. Setting the date properly is a bit of a challenge and you may not know if you've set it properly for a few months.
Daughter loves it but glass seems to be a little foggy.
Very nice watch, better than expected!
The watch is beautiful and the shipping was perfect. The only reason it's not a 5Star is probably because of the watch , it's a bit squeaky. Not enough to not wear it though. The rest is perfect.
A nice rough and tumble watch, but I had alignment issues with the bezel and chapter ring.
Great price for a watch with a ten yr battery.
The only complaint I have is that the owners manual is unreadable as it is printed in mouse print and you need a magnifying glass to read it.
After a month of daily use, this band is still really stiff and not as comfortable as the original band. BUT, it's a deep black that looks good and did the job!
Very easy to set up. Instructions were great. Light weight. I only wish it had an alarm and not just vibrate.
That Casio watch working well, the color is like the description says and easy to use but, I didn't like the band looks like cheaper than it is.
Has a nice look and feel. It us hard to read black in black. Buy, my son loves it.
I bought this watch awhile back, so i have had it for a few months now, the straps are perfect, and washable and cleanable. I work in a hospital and I wash my hand a lot, the sliver coating over the watch has some what rubbed off and a copper color is showing but other than that, the watch works like a watch.
Little long but good quality.
Sleek stylish watch. I like how thin the watch is and the mesh strap is very sharp to look at. Definately recommended to all. Price is a bargain.
The watch band is a little stiff which makes it a bit uncomfortable to wear, but the actual watch us awesome. My son loves it.
I am able to do the basics, and it does them very well, but the instructions leave much to be desired. In addition, the print type is very small and hard to read.
Quality seems ok. Nothing special. No eco-drive. Bought it for my wife. She is satified with it
It's what I expected at a very reasonable price. Only issue is can't figure out how to change day of week, doesn't appear as option when in adjust mode.
The watch face is a pretty big than any watch I own. However, the picture of Donald on the face makes up for it.
The overall appearance is nice, but the date is too small.
Like that it's light weight, love the automatic movement, but the thickness is a bit large for me. Wore the watch a few times and had zero issues. Time stops after like 30 minutes of not wearing it, but I like it.
Nice one but came with no batery and its one of those big ones so it was dificult
easy to use and read
utilitarian and reliable. Nice light up face for movies etc.
This is a very lovely watch, at a very lovely price. My only problem was that it was much smaller than I was hoping for - but not the sellers fault! I mixed up two similar watches the seller had and ordered the wrong one. I decided to keep it anyway - it's more feminine than my usual style and I decided I liked it.
I use this smart watch a few days already, I like this purple color ,very pretty design and useful, touch screen select you want test hold a 2 or 3 second, all function works, check direction , I can see clear on screen when someone text to me ,you can choose language also, that ‘s I like also ,every thing all good, just one star I can't give because the one small pc Magnet , when you doing something close to steel, there will be open. Other functions all working good.
I love this watch. The minute and hour hands glow in the dark so you can easily see the time if you are in the movies for example, or any other dark place. I love the wrist band that comes with it. This light brown or almost nude color gives the watch that extra elegance, except, it is very delicate and porous. The leather band gets stained with the smallest drop of water. Can't wear it to wash your hands because faucets splash all over the place, esp. those automatic sensor ones. It might be a good idea to lather it with a water repeller, but it will make the band darker. Mine is already dark from the water stains and wear and tear. Nice watch though.
Very nice looking watch! Returned it because the face of it was way too big for my seven year old.
Great watch once you figure out how to use it. It bit bulkly but you get use to it. I don't wear it at work (construction)
Funky is the operative word. Given the price, it is hard to find fault, but I do share one complaint with other reviewers. Portions of the dial do not illuminate. Hence, it is hard to read at night. I purchased a similar watch from Amazon not long ago and it does light up. The watch arrived promptly and in good shape. Makes a great conversation piece.
I bought the watch for one purpose and that was to wear the Emerald Sequoia Astronomical watch faces. For the last three years I have been wearing a first generation Apple Watch. The Fossil performs as advertised and I am happy with the purchase. Battery charge is as advertised. For example, today I put the watch on at 4:15 a.m. and at 3:00 p.m. I have 75% of the battery charge left. Yesterday, I put the watch on at 4:30 a.m. and at 10:00 p.m. had 53% of the charge left. That means that I am getting better than 24 hours of use per charge. This has to be qualified, though. The Emerald Sequoia watch faces are gorgeous and these are the only ones I have been wearing. I switch out all 21 faces depending upon what information I want to see for a while. I read all the material at the Emerald Sequoia web site and in the section regarding ambient watch faces they explain that predominantly black watch faces use less battery than white, so most of the time I have a darker face selected, unless I want certain info from another face. Also, I don't need a high brightness on the face, so I either turn the brightness down to level 2 or use the automatic setting to let the watch self-adjust to ambient lighting. I do have all notifications turned on, but that only gets me email, messages, and notifications from Sky Safari Pro. So, I do use features that conserve battery, but over the entire day I have no problem with the battery. Wifi is on, but I can't tell whether or not the watch uses it, and the watch is always connected to my iPhone 8 Plus. I suspect those connections use some charge, but apparently not much. One more thing is that with first use I was disappointed with the battery keeping a charge and didn't think it was as good as the first generation Apple Watch. But I did a complete factory reset the second day, as was suggested on some Wear OS blog that I read, and that seemed to fix any problems. When I go to bed at night the watch goes on the charger and is 100% when I wake up early in the morning.
Really nice watch. Huge on my 8yr old son though!
All is fine except that the wristband is too big and the watch hangs over my hand. This expansion band does not look like it can be resized. I don't see on it what I usually see on expansion bands. I am so disappointed.
I definitely like the looks of this watch. It is beautiful! The only problem I have is that it is not user-friendly to use some of the cool features. If you are not using these features often, you will forget how to get them to function properly. The altimeter goes on the fritz at least once a week and does not appear to be remotely accurate.
Great product. Use it every day. But first day in there seemed to be a white dust speck inside the watch. And it sticks out like a sore thumb. But all around amazing watch.
The quality is what you would expect from a 20$ watch but it's actually pretty solid given that it's so cheap. It's unique and I get a lot of comments when I go out about what my watch it.
This Seiko Black Dial watch is reminiscent of the old style aviator watch with a day/date window. It's solar so I don't worry about replacing a battery. It's easy-to-read face make it a first choice for casual wear. Although the leather strap that came with the watch was basically sufficient, I thought it was too lackluster so I replaced mine with a much better leather strap. Recommended.
Great looking watch for the price. It does feel as cheap as it is when you wear it though. I am a correctional officer, so when I am looking for a new work watch under $15 hits the mark to where if it breaks in the first week, I could care less. I may post again after it has taken some abuse. For now I am quite content.
It's just a rubber ball... but it works! Just apply pressure and turn.
A very nice watch , i like the big numbers and i like the color
Thank you again for quick delivery.
Chrono functions work well and it's a perfect size.
The strap sits the lugs on my Swatch Body and Soul no problem. Not all 17mm Swatches will fit this band as the teeth are different sizes. Definitely check them out before you buy the strap. In terms of quality, it's been fine over the past two weeks. The leather could be thicker, but the reality is that choices for Swatch straps are limited. And this is the best of a limited selection.
Looks and feels great on your wrist but it's hard to see the "LCD" display unless you have superb lighting. Also the backlight when you turn it on looks horrible. Need a brighter light.
The winding took getting used to, but cool
good watch easy to set up and great looking for the price.
Pretty watch. Looks very expensive.
looks great for the price range
Love the idea of this product. Sturdy and effortless compared to other watches that have detachable bands. Hard not to order one in ever color
SO FAR, it is working fine, keeps perfect time.
Purchased this watch to have on a cruise to set it to ship time and take into the ports. Works great to attach to my beach bag. The glow feature was nice to see time during the middle of the night.
It's dirt cheap for a reason, but it is very practical!
I love the look and feel. I just wish the band would've been better quality.
Delivered on time & in perfect condition. A little smaller than I anticipated but looks good/like that color blue. Nice work & casual watch.
As many have noted, seems to be well made, and the actual product seems to perfectly match the pictures with the listing. Came with a tool to remove the old band, and new spring bars for the new one. Only gave four stars instead of five due to the initial stiffness. I actually opted to wear it with the band one notch tighter than needed for a couple of evenings, which seems to have broken it in. Now fits perfectly.
My 5yr old loves it.
Good beginners watch for high end Japanese brand. Note the finish on this watch is not polished. Be sure to check the images cause it matches the one as advertised. Still a nice watch put a teacher band and you'll have a nice watch.
I bought this watch as a more 'serious' alternative to my resin band casio watch. I wanted a decent, good looking watch i could wear with both casual and smart casual outfits but I was not willing to spend more than $50. I came across this watch after doing some searching on Amazon. The watch looks and feels good. It did feel a bit heavy at first coming from a resin strap watch but I quickly got used to it, I even forget to take it off going to bed sometimes. I was happy that it came with a tool for adjusting the strap, I decided to do it myself this time and it was easy after checking a tutorial on youtube. I had to remove 3 links to have the watch fit in such a way that it does not move around the wrist but also does not feel like it is squeezing my arm I had a slight issue with the date function on the first day, almost thought it was defective when i woke up in the morning and the date hadnt changed. However, the date changed at mid-day and I had to change the time so that the date would be changing at midnight. Overall it was a good buy and I recommend the watch at this price point.
Great assortment of fitting dies
Very attractive looks, good quality. The face is easy to read. Good Value.
Great quality. A little short, but I'm keeping it. Good price & quick delivery. Happy.
Well made and exactly what I wanted at a good price.
Good watch, but the wristband should be a bit longer.
Looks awesome and works well!
Light weight and looks great! The battery life could use some improvement but as the battery stabilized after several uses, the battery life seemed to have improved but I'm still only about a week into using it. The touch screen is a bit slow to react to the touch but does not hinder the functionality of the watch. I'm enjoying the watch, it's serving its purpose.
Sweet sentiment on back but the wood is so dark it's had to see the numbers.
Easy to read. Would order again. This watch grips wrist well White is good for summer.
The watch is ok but sometimes the alarm doesn't sound and I dont know why, however the design looks good. Fits great for kids
This holds safety and securely all of my 50+ watches.
Very stylish and value for money.
Great looking. Link tool sucked but if you can get it figured out without it. Great band.
Pretty nice, the face is larger than got would expect. Purchased for my husband as a gift.
I really like this watch. It's the second watch I've had from them.
Good watch for price. I'll prefer silver details more.
Fits perfectly for my Armani watch that I have destroyed while taking showers. I don't recommend that now for any watch band. This one came with the screw/device to install the pins into the watch frame, plenty of them. It needed to be rolled few times because the belt was too straight it will not sit comfortably against your wrist, maybe that's the case for all leather belts? I don't know I never did this before on my own. Anyway, it took a minute and it worked out perfectly same as the original color of my watch belt. Happy with the belt/band. Great value. Will do again if I need to.
I bought it as a birthday gift and he loves it. Durable enough for everyday, though we did have trouble with the pins that attach the band to the watch. He had them replaced by the local jeweler and has no other complaints.
calendar needs to be magnified.
Band is great, but for some reason with the size of my wrist, I keep snagging this and pulling the velcro apart. None of my other ones do this.
This is a perfect replacement watch band for my Timex watch that I wear when working. The new band makes my old watch look almost new. I took off a star only because resizing the band is tedious, and somewhat difficult. I'd recommend having a jeweler resize your new band.
Nice to have one place for these bands and future bands. Little bulky, but not complaints.
Buttons are very senitive but good for everyday use.
Face is a bit big for a child. Its big on my 9 yr old, but its a good watch.
It is beautiful watch. It has date. Follow the instructions to adjust the size of the wrist. The instructions are very easy than it looks.
This is a really nice looking watch and looks to be made just as well as any other watch. This was a Christmas gift for my son and it didn't work. Not sure if it was the watch itself or the battery so I returned it. If you get one that does work, it really is a very nice looking watch & looks far more expensive than it was. I think it's worth a try if you like this, I may have just gotten a bad one.
The watch is nice but a little small. It's hard to see what functions are on in the circle. It a little animated.
Gift for a Friend, He loves it, beautiful on his wrist. He is a tall man and the watch was accurate on his wrist .
Good watch at good price.
Watch face had a scratch on third day of office use, but other than that is really all you need in a watch. Even handled working on my pool yesterday with no problems.
2 things keep me from giving this watch a 5 star rating. 1. When you set it, the second hand does not stop. Thus you can set it to the second. 2. Instruction manual is not model specific and the print is terribly small. Otherwise, I am excited to receive this watch and am looking forward to showing it off during the holidays. It is the best, most unique looking Watch I have in my meager collection. The dealer is also first class. I asked him for a delivery before Thanksgiving and he delivered. Thanks to Pass the Watch.
The watch looks great! 🙂 It was a good birthday present for my husband.
very nice for the price
This reasonably priced watch strap is well-made and attractive. The aeration holes give it a sporty, racing look. They also allow the band to breathe, resulting in a much lighter and cooler feel than some leather bands in hot weather. A slightly thicker band with a bit of cushion would be an improvement, though the thickness and quality of the leather in the current version is very reasonable given the cost. The only minor downside is that the spring bars that came with the band are on the cheap side. The end pin on one of them would frequently get stuck, resulting in the bar coming out on one side - a risk for losing one's watch. I wound up purchasing a set of much higher quality spring bars but that extra $4 or $5 is certainly worth it! Overall, I am very pleased with this band. At this price, I may get another one with a different color to mix it up.
the watch is good， but USPS works not well
Only 3 watches came in package even though it's listed as a pack of 4. Seller refunded me 1/4 of the cost though, so they come out to the same price per each watch. Kids really enjoyed them, but they don't last long. Not bad for the price.
This is a nice watch for the price. It does have a little darker screen than other Timex Ironman watches, but it is exactly like it is pictured in the ad. I have attached photos of the watch in ambient, indoor light.
I bought this simply for timing my walks and runs. It works fine for that and, it's actually kind of a neat looking watch. It's kind of big for what it does but, that's part the f the fun of it. It is very lightweight so it doesn't interfere with your workout. Some of the spinning Display is just for show but what do you want for under $20? I'd likely buy it again. It's a lot more interesting to look at than my $10 Casio.
Looks impressive on watch, changing its looks to a premium watch. Adhesion and durability will be proven with age.
Great product however I am returning mine because it came without the warranty card.
This is a nice watch for young kids. The rubber band is soft. It has multiple functions, such as time, date, day, 12/24 hour format, night-light, Stopwatch, Daily alarm, Hourly chime, and so on. If you are looking for a gift for young kids, this would be a good one.
so far so good, but i used to get the iron man cheaper - a bit nicer looking; though, i would think the inner parts could be the same. timex took the low road here. it's basically the same watch.
I'm satisfied and my son loves it. It's a fair size, and feels like decent quality. My biggest annoyance is that you have to be at just the right angle to read it and the lighting when it's not lit also makes it hard to read the time. Practically speaking, it's not very convenient. I wouldn't pay full price and am glad I got it about 50% off. Son is happy, he has it in bed with him, and it was a fun but practical Christmas gift.
Completely forgot i even had this thing. Recently moved and found it at the bottom of a box of stuff from storage. 5 minutes on the counter and it came right back on with the correct time.
Excellent time delivery. I love this watch, looks good and I received lot's of wow''s for it. We'll see in time how good it is. The only "problem" I have is that the band is too short for my wrist. Can I get an XL or XXL from the seller? I would greatly appreciate that.
My son wanted one just like Daddy's, and he picked this one out himself. He loves it, but it's pretty big for a kid, even on the smallest hole (he's almost 4).
Watch arrived as scheduled. Ring for determining direction is very loose and turns extremely easily. Much easier to move than to my liking. Although watch arrived in a seiko box with plastic protection, no paperwork for watch was included. Otherwise a very nice looking watch and just the right size for almost any wrist size. Haven't evaluated accuracy yet.
Best watch face of all I have seen om Amazon. Band is a little uncomfortable,
Felt weighty and premium for under 100 bucks and the styling was pretty good. Gave it to my father for Father's Day and he liked it alot. Not waterproof though so be aware.
Bought for 5 year old. It is ok.
The watch arrived on time great watch a must have to any watch collection.
As expected...love it!!
Nice looking watch. Like many reviews the finish leaves much to be desired. First time I wore it out for dinner the clasp sustained a very visible scratch.
Big for children be ready to go get it fitted
This band is incredibly comfortable and makes it feel like I'm not even wearing a watch. I really like the two toned effect of having green on the inside of the band and black on the out. However, I wish the black did not bleed through as pictured. That would be my only gripe!
Nice looking watch still going strong
Great watch. love the black dial. I wish the face was a little bigger though.
Great product...looks sturdy and easy to adjust the strap to fit. For the price looks fantastic
broke easy. other than that I loved it
Exactly as described and easy to use. The only thing I don't understand is the flashing airplane in the background and there is no explanation on the very short user manual.
Very nice watch , I guess it will be larger
The spring pins were too small for the 20mm watch ban, used the originals. The band is of good quality and like the way it looks and feels.
The leather band that came with the watch is not the same band as the picture. Other than that it appears to be a good solid Timex piece. Nice big dial in a nice big case. Indiglo works as it should. I have only had this watch a week and so far so good.
I like them very much. Time will tell how well they hold up. No complaints so far .
accurate, stylish, but the features make it very busy to look at. But definitely what it advertised
I like it, I don't need to use a battery.
I use this watch for nursing work and it is perfect because it tells military time and you can use it as a stop watch with a seconds feature, so it is easy to take a pulse or monitor heart rates with it. I also get a lot of compliments on the color because it is so vibrant. The dial is easy to read and large, so it is great in a hurry or quick glance. The settings to change from stopwatch to regular watch are a bit tiny and hard to change, but again, easy to read when you do change them. Overall, this is a great cheap watch for work settings such as nursing.
Bought as a gift for my niece. She loves it. Pretty good quality. Works great. Would purchase again! Perfect for all the JoJo lovers!
Beautiful design. Came early.
This watch is beautiful. I liked it.
Love it and price was right!
Very comfortable band. Best features are the double clasp and the feature that you can make dinner adjustments on the clasp for a perfect fit Nice addition including a tool for the band. Overall very nice.
The face a big just like i wanted it to be. The watch is kind of heavy though. But overall im happy with it.
My 11 year old bought this with a gift card he received, and he is absolutely in love with it. It is water proof so he doesn't have to worry about getting it wet when he washes his hands or does dishes. It is easy enough to work that he set the time on it himself and uses the alarm feature all the time. He is very happy with this purchase.
My daughter just loves this watch! Lovely colour, great design, perfect watch for kids!
I think I have three of these scattered through various gear bags, and I've suggested it in almost every conversation I've had with a football or soccer ref who wants a watch. The countdown timer vibrates for 10 seconds, so only I know when it goes off. In football, it's nice to set it for 15 seconds so I have a tactile count of the last 10 seconds of the play clock without anyone else hearing it. The strap is big enough to go over a sweatband if that's your thing, and the buttons are big enough to operate with light/medium gloves.
Good quality at a great price.
My other watch dropped and broke so this one is the replacement . Fits nicely
I love it looks very modern. My husband is super happy, and he already asked me for another style.
Ver nice watch. Even came with replacement battery.
Looks and works great! The leather is quality soft material and the stitching & clasp also is great and the quick release makes attaching it to watch easy
Very nice lasted 1 1/2 yrs
This was the first invicta watch I bought . I watched a bunched of videos on YouTube on watch reviews prior to purchasing and saw a video that showed that invicta is a bang for the buck . After receiving the watch I must say it does feel like a pretty solid watch especially for the price range . The watch I got did not have any Issues or defects .
Nice watch good size classy and sporty look
Nice watch for the price! Looks like a more expensive Greek letter aqua-terra. The strap is comfortable leather too.
Just arrived - very good service - it looks lovely and the instructions for setting it appear simple. The buttons to set the various functions could be a little larger - I have small fingers and it is still a little finicky to change the various settings.
I'm inlove with my watch its a good quality for its price every time I wear it I place it right back in the box wen done
This watch is really big which, when I first opened it, was a bit of a shock. But I decided to keep it and am now very happy with it. I can easily tell the time with out my glasses. The light works well so it is especially helpful when traveling and there is not clock in the room. The large size is especially helpful when you are checking the time at 200 AM. I was able to get the band reduced for $10.
Amazing watch for the price. I own expensive watches like Seiko and tell you this one looks just as good as that. Comes elegantly packaged and includes the tool to remove/add links. It's a heavy watch too. For the price I was going to consider this my work watch but this will double as a dress watch for me. Love it.
this is amazing product
I love this watch. It is large enough to read without reading glasses and to make a statement but not too heavy or uncomfortable I have gotten many compliments on this watch.
This watch band replacement worked extremely well for my Casio G-Shock watch. I had some issues removing the original watchband screws, but that is completely unrelated to this product. This product went on smoothly and easily and will be purchasing these bands again, once this band eventually wears out.
Bought as a gift for my husband. Nice 80's flashback swatch watch style. plastic box cane broken because the packaged in bubble wrap mailer, but watch was unharmed.
My wife love it. Better than she imagined.
Really happy with it!
Very beautifull, just as shown in the picture. I baught it to gift to my mom and she loves it. Thank you. Worth for the cost.
Just what I needed: Easy to read - day or night.
Gift for my wife. Very nice
Looks, feels and shines like a Rolex. For the price, this watch is amazing.
It came in a cute little box and my husband loved it
Very high quality for the price
Great watch! Bought as a gift and my friend really loved it.
It was just what I wanted for my nephew Very happ with the quality
Nice, gave as gift, they loved it!
Great looking watch. Time will tell if it holds up and keeps ticking.
Bought for my 8 year old granddaughter. She loves it.
Being new to the watch world I knew nothing about Seiko or their legendary robust movements that could go years without servicing. So like anyone else, I naturally googled Seiko 5s and have read nothing but amazing reviews. At first I thought these guys are blowing up the proportions of how great this watch really is but they are not. The finish of this watch is absolutely stunning for this price point.
Just got this today and had to write review. This watch is supposed to be for men but my wife has always been a fan of big dial watches, so i ordered it for her. Honestly i wasn't expecting too much because of the price, but she doesn't mind wearing an ok looking watch as long as she has variety. Now, coming back to the watch i was pleasantly surprised by it. The watch looks exceptional nice and stylish. It looks like one of those watches we spend 100's on but for the quarter of the price. The quality is amazing it has actual stainless steel in the back, which is great so she doesn't have to worry about rusting as she sometimes wears her watch to gym as well. It came with this small screw which i wasn't sure about but turns out it can be used to open the back and change the battery if needed. Even the expensive watches doesn't give you that. Also, it came in this pretty gift case so i was able to give this early valentines gift to my wife, without spending extra on the gift box. This will make a perfect gift for someone.
I purchased this watch to wear most of the time, indoors and out. It appears that it is going to be perfect for my needs. It is pretty, yet practical. YouTube videos were helpful in setting it. The Citizen website not so much. I would recommend this watch as a good value.
Cord is a bit longer than stock. Plugged in, and worked to charge my Gen 4 Fossil Watch.
Arrived as pictured. Good value.
Very soft leather. Simple yet sophisticated. Classy. This is the second one I've purchased.
Great value for a nice watch. Looks awesome, feels very solid. Swapped band out to a stainless one, stained when wet and wasn't big enough for wrist. But I knew that was likely before I ordered it. Would buy again
This watch is beautiful.
Nice whatch, fits well!
I bought this watch band for a replacement to another band that had seen better days. I'm hard on watches and bands. Abrasions, an occasional dunking in water, painting, working on my sawmill, woodworking, etc. I was looking for something that looked good and was heavy duty. This appears to have it all at a very reasonable price! I bought two!! The buckles are very abrasion resistant and the band is very heavy duty and it looks cool, comes in many colors. Great product, oh and it also comes with two new strap pins and a tool to install them. Very nice!!!
My 11 year old loves this watch and it's features. He has had it about a month.
Very nice gift for my wife especially since she hasn't owned a watch for a long time. She is a personal trainer and yoga instructor as well so to have a durable watch for everyday use was important. In addition when you press the illumination button there's a little dolphin, cat, or dog graphic that's pops up for fun.
Great watch! Pretty!
This was a Christmas gift for my granddaughter who is working on a Doctorate in Physical Therapy. The watch face is big and super easy to read plus it comes in regular and military time. She loves it, easy to read, time activity or pulse. Great watch.
Great watch!! It was a birthday present to myself!
It's a super beautiful watch, actually looks better than than my 85 dollar watch. Just got it and so many compliments. How the blue turned out with the black just melts your heart. Perfect if your on a budget or even it your not.
What I liked the most is that my husband said he really likes the watch. His requirement is an expansion band and easy to real dial (numbers, not roman numbers or missing numbers) as well as reasonably priced and this watch fulfills all those requirements
Purchased this for my Timex Weekender, replacing an olive canvas band. After trying a few other leather bands and never really liking any of them, I'm glad I ended up finding this one. It's nothing too casual or formal and the tan strings are a nice little touch. Time will tell how the band holds up as I have just recently received it, but I will edit my review if the quality quickly deteriorates.
For the money an amazing deal
The watch has its quality and its very nice and adorable !
Extremely cute watch, everything I was looking for!
I have bought 4 or 5 of these in my adult life...they are durable and reliable - and waterproof to boot!
Beautiful watch, it was for my dad and he love it!
Great durable watch. I never take it off and it's still running fine. Great price for a great watch!
It's exactly what it looks like in the pictures, it fits great & is very durable
I did NOT expect to love this watch. Great quality and looks good for everyday wear. (For the price) I go through watches faster than most because I am so hard on things, but this really blows me away. Functional, minimal, and very easy to match with outfits. Would ABSOLUTELY buy another in a different color.
Watch is lighter than expected! Aslo the watch is exactly as advertised in images. Watch goes with any casual outfit.
Super cute, and doesn't look like it's an under $10 watch.
I had this watch before and liked it so I bought another one. It fills my needs perfectly.
My husband gets a lot of compliments on his new watch! He really likes it! It is very light weight.
I gave this to my wife as a Mother's Day gift. Having a newborn and needing to stick to a tight budget, this watch is great value for money and maintains a highend look. My wife wears it every day. :)
i get a compliment a week about this watch. i love it, wear it everyday.
great watch, girls like it because its different.
Good, solid watch for that utilitarian yet classic sportsman feel. The winding practice is a very comforting ritual in this complicated world we live in. The band starts to get soiled with just the right coloring so it looks nicely weathered!
Second Invicta watch owner and as usual I love it
I just received the watch today, so this is initial impressions only. It has a nice way to it, and the fit and finish appear nicely done. It came with a device to keep the crown up so the battery was not being drained. It was easy to adjust a bandwidth correct punches, and easy to set the date and time. In the past I've worn more expensive watches, mainly because I needed something that has proven it can take the abuse I give it. With the holiday weekend coming up, I'm sure I'll be taking it swimming at the beach; hopefully it actually has some real water water-resistance. From other reviews read, I'm hoping this can be a less-expensive alternative watch.
I love my new watch. It looks and feels very elegant on my hand. Excellent!
My son is in love with his watch. More so the water proof idea.
I am very pleased with the watch
I purchase this gold plated men's watch for my hubby. He's always on the go and very hard on his watches. And with business trips every other week or so, a left watch at a hotel a couple of times. The watch is light weight and has a nice look to it. The size fits perfectly. If too large you could removed links if need be. He received compliments on the watch this last business trip. You're getting a nice looking watch without the expensive price tag.
Classy watch. It came just as they said it would. I would buy from them again.
Works great for the iron man watch.
This watch is very nice , My father very like it ,it is easy to read,it is good gift for him .
The watch is exactly what I wanted. It's dainty and feminine and looks like a bracelet vs a big bulky watch.
My son loves this watch! It's perfect for all wrist sizes because it can be adjusted a lot. It has a sturdy band that seems to be sweat resistant. It made for an excellent birthday present!
Super sleek. Good looking. Easy to figure out and use. Easy to read.
I've had this for a few months now. My everyday wear is high-end handcrafted expensive Spanish or Italian dress clothes. I can say, it even looks good with them, and anything else. I'm very particular to my purchases, and I am 100% happy with this one. I am an average sized guy, normal arms and wrist. Face is sized very nice and accordingly. This watch displays everything necessary, with a not too bright light that enables you to see in any condition. Good for nighttime so as to not blind you. I like the contrast of the shiny face casing and smooth matte stainless steel band. When clean, the face has a shine that looks beautiful. Also, I oddly prefer digital to any Rolex cause it gives me a different perception and feel, of time. Just the right weight and durability. I've used the alarm a few times, worked great. It's all easy to set up out of the box. I got it through here to get the real deal and avoid fakes (Which, there is a lot of out there).
I like the watch I don' t care for the watch band
Everything was perfect, amazing quality.
Beautiful watch. I show it off to everyone. Its as good as it looks in the photos. Wasn't disappointed. It was a little pain to remove the links for it to fit my wrist, but nothing bad..just be super delicate.
Beautiful.... Good Price... Thanks a Lot....
Watch is as described. Easy to use and fits well.
Very attractive watch! Blue face with gold accents. Beautiful blue bezel. Accurate. Nice!
I got the Black on Black one and I love it! I can wear it going out or to work everyday! No gadgets just the time and date, it's also comfortable and will get even more when the leather breaks in so far no issues!
I have many different watch band tool but this is the one I use the most.
Wow nice watch user friendly love large face to many things to say how good it is
My husband loved this watch!!!
Beautiful watch. Perfect size, not too small or too big. Just perfect. Highly recommend this product. You won't be disappointed.
This is a nice watch. Looks cute. I wear it to work.
Great product. I needed a watch or the outdoors and hiking. This watch satisfies my requirements. It is very readable and has strong LED light. In summary. Cheap, simple, bright LED etc.
I find it to be a very useful watch especially because of it low selling price.
Cute little watch and car styling dial is attractive and my kid loves it. The design is attractive for kids. Good product!
My son loved this so much
its pretty. and i really like the indiglo feature
Looks great on my husband's arm. He is 56, and does not have big wrists, so those big faced watches that are popular now do not look good! I like how they give you a guide that shows the size of the watch.
This is my second time purchasing this band. My first one lasted me a year until one of the pins that holds the buckle on broke. I love this band. I ordered the dark grey color, which was very dark in color and super stiff until it was broken in. As the band wore in, I loved the band even more. It took on a vintage feel and looked very distressed. I just hope this new one wears as nicely and get that same look to it.
Love this watch. Keeps perfect time, looks great.
This watch gets noticed. I wore it to a friend's birthday party the other night, and the hostess saw it, and actually stopped the party and had me show it off to everyone. It is decently well made and has nice bright wood. The dials to set the date and time are not heavy-duty and feel like they would break if turned to hard or fast; be careful with them.
This a beautiful timepiece! The pictures on the internet don't give this watch justice. It appears to be very well made and has great detail!
I got this watch for my grandmother who is very tiny and has a difficult time finding watches to fit her teeny tiny wrists. This was perfect and now is her favorite watch.
this is the best G-shock i have ever purchased. wore it for three years straight and to 31 different countries.
I like this watch, it looks sharp and has great night time illumination. the automatic movement works great.
great watch, great price, outstanding service
It was a gift for my wife and she fell in love with it
Keeps perfect time. Looks great.
Very nice watch. Great detail. Love it!!
This review has nothing to do with the watch. I just want to let everyone knows theft is on the rise. The record shows watch delivered to address; and no watch to be seen. Here is my advice, ship all important items to nearby Amazon lockers. Amazon should do something about package theft by delivery person.
This item is great quality. The leather is hard at first but it becomes softer and flexible as you wear it. The tools given were really useful. My only problem with this is that I have small wrist so I have to use the last hole in the strap (My wrist is about 6.5-7 inches).
SO FAR SO GOOD, IT'S A BEAUTIFUL WATCH. I BOUGHT IT FOR MY HUSBAND ANOTHER GIFT FOR MY SPOILED MAN THAT I LOVE VERY MUCH THIS IS HIS SIXTH SEIKO HE LOVES THEM ALL HE LOVES THIS ONE TOO IT'S A VERY CHIC WATCH IF YOU WANT TO SPOIL YOURSELF OR YOUR MAN HE'LL THANK YOU FOR IT IN SPECIAL WAYS.
Very good, my son likes, 24 hours do not take off
excellent item, delivered promptly; would do business again.
Very comfortable. Seems to be high quality. Looks great. Will but again.