Save your money. First time tried to use it would not work. Several family members also tried to no avail. PLUS, the date to return (Jan 31, 2018) has passed.
Might as well use a dish washing glove.
too light weight and flimsy...keeps falling over!
charged it and it would not work
Looks like it works for some and comes broken for others. Just found out the item isn't up for return. If you want risk throwIng money away then buy this product.
Very Cheap Stuff don't bother buying it
Started to loosen up after a few cuts.
Doesn't work for me; everything kind of just flows right around. Not absorbant at all.
Never showed up at my door step. Said it was delivered but never recieved it. I have never had that issue with any product off amazon. So if you actually want a nail set I would suggest a different seller.
Item was not received
I bought these for my daughter and they didn't work from day one. I ordered a replacement pair and guess what...didn't work. I did check them on another iPhone to verify it wasnt just hers. You plug them in and no sound
Poor quality frame,lens can not block blue light at all. Do not waste your money to try.
The center screw is too short. I want to return the item. It is inferior & will not be safe for the elderly person it was purchased for.
WHAT THE HELL I'M VERY DISAPPOINTED THEY SEND ME A PIECE OF LEGO INSTEAD OF THE COCK RING AND I PAID $17.99 I WANT A FULL REFUND .
The blades got dull after 1 use. Hard to believe that the quality is so low. Overpriced piece of junk
So unhappy with this purchase, I read wonderful reviews about this particular toothbrush for my toddler and it's pretty useless. It does not brush my toddlers teeth good at all. I DO NOT RECOMMEND anyone to purchase this item, it's no good.
Worst company to order from. Sent me product without out USA adapter not able to use. Sent back and now saying they can't except it, it was used. How was it used I didn't have a USA adapter for it.
Not happy with the replacement cartridge. It does not cut the hair on my face well . DULL!!!
It stopped working after one day
Let's say this for the price not worth it lasted barely 2 years. Fell apart while changing the blade- not exactly high quality.
I bought this product because I frequently roll my ankle during trail runs. I used this product on one run of 10 miles on a steep technical rocky single track trail. I was worried that the side piece would catch on rocks or roots but that never happened. I was also worried about an unbalanced feel and I never had that sensation either. It was like it wasn't there. I was wearing Hoka brand shoes (which have a high stack height) and I could not get the side rubber piece to stay 1/4" above the sole. It always rode higher. I also found the strap that goes under the shoe to be of low quality. After one run it was nearly completely warn through. All that being said, I did end up convinced that this product is a good idea. In fact, I almost kept it with the idea of cutting the rubber side piece off the brace and just gluing it to the side of my shoe with some really strong glue. I decided the rubber piece is not worth $30 and I might be able to just glue some high density foam on the side of my shoe and accomplish the same thing. I wonder if this product will work better with shoes with a more traditional sole. I should also mention I did not roll my ankle during the 10 mile run. It is a little hard to say whether that is because of the brace or because I don't roll my ankle on every run. I decided that because the brace was fitting so poorly that it probably was not because of the device.
This product has been used three times total and last evening when turning it on for the fourth time it self destructed. Very disappointed and angry that an item with such little use gave out so quickly. Looks like we're past our return delivery window so I'm guessing we will have to just eat this one. Not happy at all. The three times it did work we were very pleased with it but that's all over now. 😢
So the product when sent did not include the manual and door hanger that was advertised. We complained and got an email with an ebook version of the manual which we had to print on our own.
I doN I dont like it's boxy shape.. I had bought one with almost same name and lost it. Yet it had a beveled shape. So thought I was buying the same type...wrong.
I don't like it - the small cap pops off easily and the flange at the top sometimes splashes urine out. I ended up throwing it away.
I really like this as far as design but the app doesn't always get the information from each time I use the scale. The read out is frustrating as well while I can convert to pounds in the app the scale only shows Kg. The bigest problem for me is it seems I'm changing batteries in every other week! Going to purchase a different scale
I had one of these scales for over a decade and it worked perfectly. Never had a problem, never changed the battery. I accidentally dropped something on it and broke the screen so I thought I would just get another. This new version definitely does not work as well. It does not turn on when pressed or you stand on it. You have to lift it off the ground and put it back on the ground for the screen to activate. I exchanged it for another scale and it did the same thing. I eventually just sent both back, not worth the hassle.
This is cheaper than the first one. I bought one Before.
This item came damaged in banged up box. Handle arm rest was dented, and the (L) front and back legs were bent inward, compromising its structure. Bucket not staying in place due to structure damage. Have to return for credit. Very disappointed, because my father needs it really bad.
I ordered this set after reading positive reviews on it helping with foot pain, but upon arrival, I was disappointed with it. The two spiked balls were both quite hard and I doubt I'd ever get to where I can stand to use them on my feet. The roller was the best of the lot to me and I still found it hard and not that useful to roll out tired feet. I'm going to look for something else - this set wasn't too useful to me. The included pamphlet is not very helpful either.
I thought this was going to be an upgrade over my previous trimmer, but I was wrong. The trimmer length kept shifting during my trim. I usually had to do it three or four times to fix spots that initially got missed. Waste of money.
It's ok but not recommended. Too thin and not wide enough for a standard massage table . Guess you get what you pay for. 🤷🏻‍♀️
I was expecting more comfort for this price. I'm 275lb but still have no padding on my rear. I've tried it flipped both ways (there's a dense side and a sparse side) and neither way felt that much better. The Royal cushion, which I also have, is $25 less and WAY more supportive/comfortable.
Two stars because I'm sure this does work for whitening teeth and that was my purpose of purchasing it but I'm not using it anymore. After only one use my gums were burning and feeling raw. I wouldn't recommend it unless you were using it for face masks or something else possibly. I'll be returning this.
It leaks when you squeeze it.
One of my handles have already came off, I would not use for travel. The bank handle is also very loose.
Too heavy and hard to handle.
Could not attach the back portion. Incomplete parts sent
Idk how to feel about these yet
It didn't clear my eczema up but it helped on the itching almost instantly.
I bought this for my soaps and it doesn't even leave the scent I wanted.
I don't have large feet by any stretch of the imagination, but one of these broke where it loops around the big toe. I could see where the seam was damaged when I got them. They work other than that, but I was disappointed to have these less than a week and have to replace them already.
Two sided makes measuring confusing
They Feel really good but you cant go wrong for the price! if your a beginner cutting hair this might be the thinning shears for you.
It looks bigger in the picture.
I love the concept of these socks and have a pair that I purchased in a department store. These socks fit great but the padding is very thin and does not provide enough padding and they don't stay in place. Disappointed in quality.
I bought one for my desk at work and liked it so much that I bought one for home. The one for home arrived and worked for a bit and malfunctioned. Never worked right again, didn't bother to try to replace. The first one still works great.
this does not project very far but is perfect for travel
Not as slippery as I thought, still good
Wanted the inline nose pieces but no longer available. Seller tried to resolve but desired parts no longer available.
I use mine daily. Get about a year out of it before it peters out. Does a nice job.
good screens, just counted and only had 145.
I have had skin problems due to chemical exposure. I have tired so many kinds of creams and oil. This one seems to work fairly well. I will update my review after longer use, but so far I think this one works.
These smell and feel amazing!!! Only problem is that it really dries me out after use :(
Can't say much about these. Bought for a white elephant gift but had no idea a 12yr old boy would pick them out as a gift. Lots of laughs were had. They never came out of the box, so can't speak to size, girth, or quality. lol
It pumps sinus cleaning fluid through nasal channels. It works well. I had it about 6 months. It started slowing but I re-read instructions and it needs cleaning. So I used vinegar and ran vinegar through it and now its working fine again!
I needed a replacement travel dryer and it needs to be small as all my trips are with a carryon and space is a premium. This is the smallest since an old CHI died - smallest by far! Unfortunately it only has 2 settings and the high works much better than low, so for me it lacks a level of control and it's a quite noisy. But with a concentrator nozzle and the small size, it wins over those with more control and quieter but are so much larger and heavier. If control is more important, you may find better options. If space and light weight are important, this is a great choice.
Although it is a good flosser, I still like the conventional flossing string more than this one.
My dad has varicose vains. And me, as a woman, i don't want to get as many as him. So now when sitting for most of the day or standing for long periods of time or dancing for hours or traveling... i put these on! I have a dozen of ‘em now
PT door pulley is great for increasing overhead range of motion of the shoulder & arms.
Initially, the charger for the unit was defective so the whole massage gun had to be returned. However, a new one was sent out right away and works like a charm. Absolutely fantastic product
It heightened my climax and my man was able to get more pleasure as well this is a must-have. For anyone looking to spice things up, you cannot go wrong with this.
Almost knocked my teeth out.
This is a beautiful shirt. Got several compliments.
Brilliant Trimmer with multiple detachable units for all kinds of needs. A digital display gives the exact time of the remaining battery. -Easy to use Turn the wheel to simply select and lock-in the length settings you want: from a short beard of 1mm up to a full beard of 12mm, in precise 1mm steps. -Easy to clean Detach the head and rinse it under the tap for easy cleaning. Perfect design to hold in hand. Box includes trimmer, multiple detachable blades, charger, Battery, and cover. Highly recommended product.
Don't be fooled by knockoffs; these are the real deal. Long lasting, but tuck a few under the wadding of your Zippo just in case.
my wife says it is very comfortable and helps her back
I am so pleased with this nasal irrigation machine. My 5 year old grandson has terrible nasal mucus and his little nose had sores and would bleed from blowing and trying to free up his nose for breathing. The winter air is so dry. I did research on different products and this was what I chose. We watched a video on Youtube together before he used the machine and it went flawlessly. His words as the bloody, crusty, mucus was draining out, "this is amazing!" He is a different child. I was afraid he would choke as it drains into his mouth but he just spits when he needs to and pushes the pause to take a break to blow.
Great product. I was very sceptical about getting such a quality shears for that price. I am definitly going ro get another pair!!!! Comes with hard shell that protect the shears during the delivery. Thank you!
Works great! Cute color too :) bought it as a useful supply for nursing school!
Great product! Quick delivery!
Any muscle spasms or ribs out of place or worked out exercise too hard and my feet hurt this is my go to that will get me out of bed next day in less pain
Very pure and fresh. The price is amazing for the quality. I have purchased essential oils before for a much higher price and they didn't even smell like real peppermint. This is lovely in an essential oil humidifier. I also apply a drop or two on my neck when I am feeling overheated and stressed. Highly recommended.
Gave it to a friend.
This is the second bottle I've purchased from this brand. The first was in a box set of 8 different scents. We went through the peppermint very fast as it was our favorite one. I've been using it in both our diffuser and our humidifier. It brings such a relaxing and fresh scent into our rooms and I swear it helps so much with coughs and colds. When buying essential oils, I'm extremely picky, so I'll only be purchasing this brand from now on. Just 2 or 3 drops is more than enough. The eucalyptus is my other favorite from this brand as well. You can even throw it in the bathtub for the kiddos when they are sick or place a single drop on the bottoms of their feet at bedtime. I can't say enough about Art Naturals. They've definitely got me hooked!