I ordered this book on February 11. It never arrived.
This might be a good book if your in your 60s and above. It did nothing for my husband and I.
Very cheap looking. Thin pages and messy illustrations. Definitely not what I would choose to read to my class. Big disappointment.
Arrived late, and when I returned it I never got my money back. Good book but bad service.
POOR Quality! Cover ripped, 1/3 of the book is water damaged. It was represented as “very good quality”, but there is no way this could be considered anything above poor or unacceptable condition
The book I received is NOT NEW although it was sold as such. It's banged up all over the margins and it has a mark right in the center of the title.
I really hope the company reads this and fixes the issue at hand. I recently purchased a brand new textbook and the binding isn't even attached. I would 100% have rather gotten a used scribbled in book since now this book will be helpless dragging to and from class. The book literally came out of a plastic wrap like this and I have no idea how this could happen.
Received 3 hardback and 3 paperback
Not at all what I expected poor choices on receipes
I am a writer and i enjoy reading any book about writing i can find. This one was insufferable. It's one metaphor for writing after another. Im not sure how the chapters were decided because the stories or random ramblings seem to come from out of the blue with no real connection to each other. It just rambles on to the point that i had no interest in finishing it. This one is a must miss
Boring. All court legal stuff. Got half way ...gave up. Donated to library.
Bad condition. Ripped cover and dirty.
Boring and confusing. I can't imagine a movie. It is a short volume and I still couldn't plod through it.
Was very disappointed with this recipe book. Most of the recipes you have to use their flour that you have to make from this book.
I missed one CD and I could never finished the course!
Wrong book was sent.
Never received the book!
This book takes advantage of the trademarked Weight Watchers and Freestyle program names and buzzwords without adhering to the program guidelines. Some of the recipes can be modified to fit the point values if one uses reduced-fat or fat-free products, but the recipe for 1 pound of bacon used in the "Delicious Chicken BBQ Ranch" recipe definitely does not meet the WW Freestyle program. I gave the book 1 star because of the misleading advertising. However, if one is not following WW, then perhaps the recipes would be of interest. I also gave the product 1 star because it's a self-published book that needs some editorial assistance.
We were disappointed in this story. Young children don't appreciate slow long drawn out stories. If you are extremely religious perhaps this story is your kind of thing. We felt it was boring, outdated and wordy.
This was NOT the Muller report at all!! It was the same piece of misrepresentation by Trumps lackey lawyer
Sorry but I didn't find this helpful at all. It provided non valuable minimal repetitive information and was about 4 thin pages. I'll do my own research trial and error in the Hope's I can get some positive credit union results.
This hurt my head. There were a few excerpts that were decent, but I know 3rd graders with better spelling. Go to the library if you're dying to read it, seriously it will take you 30 min to read and put it back on the shelf, where it belongs.
The book has a sampling of stitches, but not that many. And the author admits to searching out old embroidered pieces and cutting them up and/or adding more stitches to it. I don't agree with that. To me those are heirloom pieces, not something to be butchered so you can say "see what I did".
This cookbook isn't simple, as claimed. I bought it for the photos and supposed ease of recipes, but the truth is most of the stuff in there is flavorless and more difficult than necessary. The most frustrating part, aside from it not being recipes most people really eat, is that the 'simple' recipes require having other recipes made before-hand, and then lists them as an ingredient. I sent it back.
Received Cat Litter that I did not order!!! I have had so many problems with delivery and orders with Amazon.
Gun ad in the back pages of the book. I DON'T APPROVE! What the heck? Amazon is not allowing me to include the photo... :-( Requested and received a full refund.
While this product marked as delivered, I never received it. I receive an error message every time I try and leave the seller feedback. There is also no way for me to dispute the transaction or contact customer service.
Hello, The tracking says it was handed off directly to me, but it was NOT handed to me or left at my door. In fact I wasn't even home on Tue when the system states I was. Assistance is needed please.
Most of the pages look like a toddler drew it. Not satisfied with it at all
Not worth it. Pages are not very good, pictures are not great. Will not purchase again
Book itself is great. Only complaint is that it was sold to me as NEW but has writing and highlights thoughout the first section. Paid full price for a new book to receive a used one......
This book came in poor conditions
I bought this product, but I didn't receive
I made an order on August 30th for a book needed for a college class for my son. The second week of September I still had not received it so my son had to purchase the book online elsewhere. I went online to cancel the order. I also called to cancel the order and spoke to Ann. She said the order had not shipped yet but it was too late to cancel the order. She said to refuse the box and I told her no one would be there to refuse it. She said she would contact the carrier and cancel it, that she would call me back the next day to be in a conference call in order to do that. She never called me back. I also paid extra to have expedited shipping. I am disappointed to say the least.
I can not comprehend how “experts” lauded this mishmash of nonsense as groundbreaking and insightful. I can only guess that someone influential lauded the author as being brilliant and the sheep followed. Perhaps it is brilliant because he is dead. Either way it is neither I intelligent nor intelligible. Over rated crap
Book was sold as new; however, is was clearly used as all the pages are bent over and the book format looks terrible.
Not what I ordered! I ordered a new sealed 7 book set. I receiver 1 used written in book marked on clearance for $.50
If I had seen this in the store, I would never have purchased. Even at 79 cents. It is small and feels like printer paper quality (not even). This should be something you receive in the mail for free and throw away with the junk mail.
I'm pretty sure the content of this book is great but the seller sent me the defected one.
Apex Media sent me a different book than what is listed in my order and in product description. Needed this book ASAP and am very angry now.
The package was not delivered to my address.
I bought this adapter to be able to charge and listen to music on my Essential PH1 phone at the same time. After I plugged it to my charger and phone, I noticed it wasn't charging the phone and my phone started to make crackling noises on the phone's speaker. Unplugged the adapter and tried plugging it again a few more times. Same result. Disappointed, I decided to just return it and get a refund and try a different adapter.
The last two CDs skip badly, you cannot even understand what is being said.
I couldn't even finish reading it.
Interesting info but the book is poorly made. The binding cracked the first time I opened the book.
Never received the book, when I contacted seller about my purchase I never heard back. Luckily amazon issued me a refund but still a disappointment.
I used this book for my art class. I RETURNED THIS BOOK that I RENTED but being told that I didn't.
The "book" provides information that can all be found on on amazon's AWS website and by simply googling the information. There is literally no substance to this book. I would understand if it was $0.99 but for anything more than that it is a straight rip-off. You're honestly better off getting a For Dummies book.
The cover is on upside down! I'm so disappointed!
Very cheap made, pages are falling off binding and sticking together. Very small and hard to read. Won't stay open and is very stiff.
I ordered this book set as a birthday gift for my son but was disappointed to see a duplicate of "Ten boys who changed the world". Also, the packaging was loose that the books were out of the box and some of the pages of the book were rumpled.
Terrible story. Really upset with Flynn.
We ordered this book back in Sept and never received it. There is now no tracking information or any way to get ahold of the seller.
This is a board book for young children about Easter. I decided to toss this book, rather than give it to my granddaughter. In an effort to make a rhyming book, it uses way too many negative words for toddlers, such as dead, hate, etc. I think the Easter message should be a little softer and much more positive for that age group.
I may like the book. But it has been 17 days since the packed was prepared and it has not yet been shipped. So the book may be ok but the I will never use this seller again.
I never received my item.
I ordered this book for a gift, but its condition completely devalues it in this capacity.
Book was warped from water damage and should have been in good condition. I was so disappointed with this book. In the past good condition books had minor issues nothing like this one...wow
Just received this item today and noticed the binding is already tearing. The binding seems much less sturdy than other D&D books. Is this a counterfeit? Or just really poor quality
I also believe we should all limit salt, artificial flavors and colors, and other potentially harmful substances. This book however takes it to a unrealistic extreme. Even if you slowly moved into this diet it appears unworkable in the modern existence that I lead. I feel that I am more fortunate than most and I still find this proposed diet and I don't think I could afford the time or money it would take to do as it is directed. Another major point of contention is that the author advises the TOTALL elimination of a staggering amount of ingredients found in modern food despite the fact that its admitted that it is unknown if it is actually harmful. If you think you can do this great for you but I think it is misleading to the public. There is some whisper (and not a scientific one) of a chemical, preservative, or additive in food and it is "Throw it out. Don't let your child near it.". Its some of the worst reactionary thinking I have read that bills itself as an actual realistic child diet.
The book itself is great, but I didn't receive the book I ordered. I received a different edition of the book than what was advertised. I'm very disappointed, considering the ASL class I'm taking starts this week.
Waited 2 months for the item to arrive and it never came. These are definitely scammers and should not be trusted. They will not ship your order and say that they are using some kind of saver shipping.
Book arrived damaged.
My tracking number says my book was delivered yesterday... I still don't have it. My class started two weeks ago, and now I'm going to miss assignments because my book is no where to be found. Horrible service.
I rented this to teach a world history class with it. It was a used copy, heavily highlighted and the binding was broken when I received it. I used it for a semester and the binding broke some more. They are charging me an additional $61 (the balance of the price for a new book???) and sending it back to me. I WILL NEVER USE AMAZON RENTAL AGAIN OR RECOMMEND IT TO STUDENTS. Am also considering never doing any more business with Amazon.
I was very dissatisfied with the Amazon rental policy. The rental due date was four weeks before my son's class ended and we did not order the book until after the first day of class. I called to explain that the rental did not cover the full semester and the only response I received from Amazon was to pay for an extension. That pretty much eliminates the savings concept of renting in the first place. The student does not have a say in when the semester begins and ends. Amazon only allowed twelve weeks, but the class was for sixteen weeks. The book itself was fine for the subject matter.
Another liberal diatribe belittling the sacrifice of the US soldiers in WW II...
Doesn't believe and goes to any length to try to explain away hauntings.
This has nothing to do with the book. Amazon delivered this book with something sticky on the book jacket. DISGUSTING!!
This is a sham! You think you are getting familiar songs from Disney and they are just regular songs that are in the public domain. They have a lot of guts putting such a deceptive product out there. Don't buy!!
The book came even with the stink of the previous owner, dirty, the opposite the spine of the book white pages were so dirty it look like the previous owner never wash their hands. The spine were cut with a knife
MISSING CHAPTERS AND PAGES IN THIS BOOK BUT AMAZON CHARGED ME FULL PRICE
this book is the equiv able to the starter guide that comes with the game. Very disappointing for the price
These do not stick well at all.
Would really have liked to have this but it never arrived
Bad service. Rented the book for my brother. Sent the book back and am getting charged full price. Not worth the hassle.
Sent me a damaged book then charged me for the price of the book when it was returned.
For this price I would expect it to be real leather, as it said it was leather. It is that fake imitation pressed stuff that usually comes on $20 Bibles.
I got the book, but a lot of pages were missing and it was missing Access code for the online material. I ended up buying the access code separately. Just buy new to save trouble.
This book is not what I expected it to be, unfortunately. I put it down after the first chapter.
I purchased this bible and bible tabs as a gift. When we started to tab the Bible, it was discover to be missing pages and at least 5 chapters of the Old Testament. Pages completely out of order (see photos) VERY Disappointed.
Product never arrived. I have written to them several times with no response. I've asked him to order be canceled so I can go somewhere else to get it. It's been almost 4 months since I ordered it and still have not received it.
The top left corner doesn't stay sealed. I have used both screen protectors and they have the same issue.
Please do not buy from ' learn a lot ' sellers. They charge you 20 dollars for an Indian edition book which hardly costs 10 dollars back in India. I am From India and this is just a fraud thing done by them. Do not buy this book from them.
Very difficult book to grasp!
When I received this book the first 68 pages were missing. Absolutely unacceptable for even a used book. Makes no sense why it would be shipped like this
I bought this used, but was supposed to be in good condition. The pages are not even bound and the edge is taped. Every page has been folded in half. Was replacing a book that my dogs damaged, but this is worse than the one I'm replacing!
The AMA uses metal wires on this which they do not do on their ICD Manual. As a result within less than ten days the holes at the bottom and top were tearing with their thin paper. This is a lot of money for a manual that begins falling apart when you use it. As bond it is a defective product. I had to search and pay for a plastic binding coil and will now have to pay for someone to insert it. There is no sense in this when the AMA could use the same coil it does on its other manuals.
Again this is listed as a Mrs. Mike novel but set in the 1960s, Mrs. Mike is dead. Her adopted granddaughter makes some poor choices, has some success, but overall there is nothing of the joy the title speaks of and was a disappointing read. The difference in a book written in 1947 and one written in 2004 couldn't be more evident.
Each chapter has less than a page of explanation about the topic. Seen as the test is very unique about the way it asks some concepts, the small explanations don't help at all. Also, it spends little time trying to just explain how to do it in the calculator but I found those explanations not helpful at all for what it asks you to do in the practice problems. Really disappointing considering the other SAT books by this brand. Do not recommend it for anyone who does not have a good understanding of math and the test already.
Pretty much everything in this book is everything you're told right up front. Each page is 1 short paragraph on a top with a picture. Overall it's not super informative.
Not what I expected at all. It's basically just a notebook to write in.
This is a lousy book. The pages look hand drawn. And copied on tracing paper. Very disappointed!!
This looks like an illegal printing. Not even sure if it's the entire book. Very tiny font with very wide margins as if it was printed in someone's garage.
I never received the product.
disappointing...recommends packaged pre-prepared foods … not my bag
Book looks used not new Cover and back cover are creased and worn Binding is worn also
Many well done illustrations and maps which is the reason for the star. The authors included many interesting and informative sidebars, but many of them preceded the narrative so the reader would have no idea of why the sidebar was included until 2 or 3 pages later which was extremely frustrating. I had to flip back and forth to figure out what was going on. It reminded me of my college days trying to make sense out of a textbook. It appears that no one proofread the book since there were so many mistakes. The caption on page 74 states that "Ellen Holland" met Mary Ann Nichols the night she died, but the text on page 78 indicates an "Emily Holland." On page 73 the authors write that Mary Ann Nichols married her own father. I stopped reading at page 81 and will try to sell the book at a future yard sale.
So tiny. Hard to read
My book was damaged when it arrived- bent and crinkled. I contacted the compnay right away asking for a replacement and STILL have not received a reply or a new book. Very frustrating and disappointing.
There is NO explanation with regards to the button selectors to get things done in this apparatus. I'm not computer literate. I bought this because Kindle Fire HD for dummies did not either.
This is not stainless steel!!!! Im highly allergic to any kind of jewelry except for gold and stainless steel so thank god I figured this out before I wore it.. And I'm not able to return so it was a huge waste of money and a scam.
This was canceled I; do no know why
This book is horrible and these reviews must be fake. There is literally 1.5 pages of actual speed reading instruction. The rest is tangential information that will not help you speed read at all. There are tons of grammatical and spelling mistakes. If you don't believe me, waste your money and find out for yourself. This book should not be allowed to be sold on Amazon. Actually, it is inspiring to know that if this Hack of an author can publish this trash and make money, anyone can.
Never got my books. Tried contacting seller and they never responded.
Not nearly simple enough to be helpful!
Did not receive the right order and Amazon refunded the order
I needed this book for class and took 5 weeks to come in. Said it was the version i needed and turned out to not be the same version. When i wanted to return it, shipping was $130 which was twice as much as the book itself. Not worth it.
never received this order!
Free feeding in my shop. This product doesn't work will. 5 traps 5 empty. 1 still had cheese.
ACCESS CODE DID NOT WORK, THIS SELLER SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF TAKING ADVANTAGE COLLEGE STUDENTS
Purchased book “new” and upon inspection the front cover had a crease in it. As well as the back cover having some kind of poke mark. Book did not appear to be new, it was more of a “like new” condition. Would not mind but it is not what I paid for! Feel mislead.
This is a very poor quality book that's impossible to keep open while you play. It will just keep closing which makes it pretty much unusable.
I didn't like it PERIOD!
I bought a used copy from the Amazon Warehouse. Supposedly it was 'inspected' and okay to sell. I did not even have to get the book out of the plastic to see the pages were torn and sticking out. I guess having 10-15 shredded pages is acceptable to them. Unacceptable service from Amazon.
I never got it and only realized it when I reviewed my purchases. I also didn't get another book. What's with the books? A sign I order too many?
Waited over 2 months for delivery
Book arrived damaged. It was packaged in a large box without any bubble wrap?
When you buy a new book, you don't expect to get something obviously used and badly damaged. A long rip marred the binding between the spine and first page, the corners were banged up, and the pages themselves were dirty and stained with, what I hope was, food. I paid for a new book and got a grimy tome that the public library would've thrown out.
Ordered but never arrived. Seller won't email back.
Sent back. Disappointing book! The ONLY difference between this “book” and a blank pad of paper is a cheap soft decorative cover! Way overpriced!
The books are so small it's hard to read the print. I was expecting a full size book. These are miniture
Very topical, not spiritual.
It said it was delivered today and never received anything
Looks like an old book. Black something on it. And glue marks in it. I bought a new book.
Disappointed that this only plays music and there is no singing. I bought this for a 2 year old. She likes to have songs sung to her. Not just to hear the music.
I did not get my package !!!!!! It says delivered but not!!!!!!!Liars
Shouldve read the reviews-- Im sorry I cant follow this book-- very very confusing. I want to RELAX while reading. Just not my style.
Started reading this book but didn't get very far before I realized it was more fantasy than fact subject to critical peer review.
Poorly written, typographical errors were abundant, it seemed to be written by a juvenile.
Terrible waste of time and money.
Received book and was pretty shocked, entire binding was detached and pages were falling out, tried to fix it as my son was so upset, this would of been impossible to see the condition of book before packaging to send, truly disappointed, would give no stars rating, but can't submit without one
Picture of man smoking and pooping. Really is that required in childrens poop book?
The paper is terrible
Poor writing for a poor character. Doesn't fit in Star Wars.
The condition of the book isn't good it has folded pages and more importantly yellow pages. The book looked disgusting. Would be better off buying a new one
I read this book all the way through, but kept wanting to stop. I made myself finish it because I wanted to see if it improved. It didn't. I didn't understand the protagonist's fear, which runs throughout the entire book. The ending explains it, but once again, the foolish moves she makes, her line of thinking - simply a poor read.
Came damaged and very obviously used, returned it and ordered a replacement I'll update my review when it comes
I did not receive this item!
Never even received the book
Refused to refund do to tracking number showing delivered. very unhappy. It was only a couple dollars. Never will order from them again
Not what I wanted. I meant to order the book, not the summary. Maybe they should've used a different cover. One touch order is a little too convenient sometimes ... costs as much to send it back as it cost to buy it.
I rented this book but somehow received a completely different book. I need this book ASAP for class and now I have to return it and hope that I can get the right one without having to pay again. So annoying!
if youre looking for a funny book to give someone thats fine
It has been a while since I ordered this book but I am finally getting around to reading it. After getting through the introductions, I realized there are many pages ripped out of this book. Just at a quick glance I would say at least 50. Very disappointed that I can not use this book and upset I am just now realizing it.
Did not come with book. Only CD
All the exercises were filled out in pen and the condition the book was listed as would not have given me any indication of this. Now, after purchasing the book, I now can't do any of the exercises and I don't want to purchase another one for the price point. The book should be checked within the pages before resale, not just the outside for water damage. This is silly.
Love the author and collecting books. Very upset that it came damaged and the front cover ripped off
This book unfortunately has mold inside the first two pages. Smelled terrible....I placed book in plastic bag and into trash. I've never experienced anything like this before. I'll buy a new book to read it as it looks like a Good Read.
Returned. Not what I was looking for
Super disappointed ... says it's 15 books in collection only received 12 ... horrible if I would have known I would have purchased from another seller!! Save your money and shop somewhere else !
Written like a pompous thesis. Near non-stop quotes of other books, often in overly long, poorly written sentences.
I bought this book in June. Reading each day as a daily ritual. Unfortunately in August as I turned the page I realized it is missing pages. The dates go from August 16 to August 21. It's missing pages. I would like a replacement.
Bought this Bible as a special gift I am very disappointed that the box it came in was very damaged. It comes across that I'm re- gifting something. Not sure why it so damaged
Do not buy from Jensen books Inc. this book is not in good condition.
I returned this book unopened with the plastic rap still on and was only refunded less than half of the price!!?? The book was never used! This is the first time I've been dissatisfied with Amazon. I feel like I'm being punished for the university's mistake.
All the recipes have meat in them!? This is not a cookbook for the Daniel Fast; very misleading.
The front cover was folded in half upon arrival. I opened the package and it was essentially already damaged... Someone from their shipping department must not be paying close attention to this.
I purchased this book from this site quite a while back. The one recipe I wanted from the book was torn out. Ugh!
I rented this for an online class, and it came in very poor condition. The book had a bunch of different food/beverage stains that were so large it looked as if the book had been submerged in coffee rather than having coffee spilled on it, and it felt as if whoever did the spilling didn't even bother to wipe it off, but just let the stains absorb into the book. A bunch of the pages were stuck together and my roommate and I couldn't get them apart without tearing them. She had also rented this book off of Amazon the semester before for the same class and hers had come in great condition. Additionally, throughout my four years of undergrad, I have never had a rental textbook from Amazon come in anything less than good condition, so we were both a bit surprised by the situation. It just sat in the corner not being used because I didn't even want to touch it. Luckily for me, I didn't even end up needing to use it for the class.
I was going to color in the book. I never received the book. I asked for a replacement, but they wouldn't send me one.
I purchased a used version. The item arrived several days late and with a badly damaged cover. The pages themselves are okay however, it should have not been listed as in “very good” condition.
This product is a joke. From day one it would randomly shock my dog only 30ft from monitor. I've tried it many different times. Save your money.
Very basic, dry read. Description says pictures, there are 3 to 4 pictures of some adapters and charger. No maps. Disappointing, not what I wanted.
Amazon website says product was delivered on Monday 23 July but we have not received anything yet.
There are no pictures or drawings. Not at all what I expected. Very disappointed.
Did not receive package Reported to local post office
I paid for 1 day delivery and it's coming in 5 days I want my shipping money back
As someone else said, they are not large print. The font is 12 pt, which is the average font size in the US and far too small for anyone with eyesight issues who are ordering these so they can see the words.
Books never arrived. Contacted seller, they never responded. Do not buy from this seller
this book was filled with drawings from previous owner.... every page is written in by what I can only assume is a grade school aged child.... page 11-15 are also missing.... do not buy this book used...
Book was stained and had an extremely strong chemical smell. This was a replacement order after the first book came with the exact same problem. There is no way whoever is packaging these could not be aware.
The type is ridiculously small. It was impossible to read.
I had to use this as the course text for one of the classes in my master's of education program. I am accustomed to topics in education being generally liberal but this book was ridiculous. The authors were very clearly pushing a political agenda. I call this book nothing short of liberal brainwashing and propaganda. The only reason I purchased and used it was because it was required for the course assignments. Wish I could have saved my money (for both the book and the class).
Ridiculous! The printing is so small that i'd need a microscope to read this. what a waste of money!!!
I read all the warnings from other disappointed buyers--that there are many incomplete versions of this book being sold on Amazon--and still got fooled when the newer, abridged edition arrived. Why one has to take pages out of a short book for toddlers is a mystery to me. Those of you who want to read "crunch, crunch, crunch....." may have to pony up $20 for the original 1950 edition. Still trying to decide how much nostalgia is worth to me.
I'm on a personal growth journey..I'm learning to love myself and how to change certain behaviors..with that said..this author has Lots of quotes from other ppl and she spends way too much time detailing the bad things that happened to her. I didn't gain anything from this book. Not worth it, in my opinion.
The book is good how it came is not.
Please don't buy this. You will never pass the exam with this book. I'm returning this.
Too dark and scary for children. Avoid this book
I just received this. What a bad and boring print job. The paper is cheap and all of the photos are black and white and fuzzy -- very deceiving since the front and back cover are in color. The table of contents was supposed to be highlighted and it's all dark grey, so it's hard to read. It's going back.
There are no words to describe how angry i am. The pages i need, are the exact ones ripped out. Useless.
I'd give it no stars if I could. Never received the product
Never received it :( Makes me sad, because I'm a marriage and family therapist and was excited to check out this book.
package is awful. the book destroyed in delivery. And I do not have time for replacement. I guess by paying more than 40$ I have this right to have a standard package.
I ordered 3 books, all paperback. All three were put in the same bubble package and stuffed into my mailbox. 2 of the 3 books were damaged. Two were needed this weekend for gifts. Very disappointed in how these were received.
This could have been a great story with exception of the rushed ending and the terrible repetitive descriptions. The author got too carried away with describing expensive belongings to the point of ridiculousness.
I am trying to learn Windows 10. This product was way too much information crammed into a small space. Difficult to read due to font. Not recommended as a guide for learning.
This book has almost nothing specific or useful in it. Waste of paper. Better off with YouTube
Wasnt consistant at all. Some pages were big some were so little you couldnt even see the numbers. Im not very happy with this coloring book. Wish i would have went with the first book i was going to get.
Did not recieve this book. Tracking says it was delivered on Sept 8th inside my door. It was NOT.
Received this book in terrible condition. The spine is broken and some of the pages are falling out. The cover has a weird film on it. This is the fourth book we have rented and the first one in such bad condition. Not sure we will use the book rental service again.
This book sucks! First of all, the cover is made of a weird material where it's almost impossible to draw with colored pencil on it. When I drew I had to press really hard and that didn't help and just left very faint marks of color. I tried putting colored pen on it but that didn't work either and it just smeared. So after that I tried using a marker but that also smeared. I also wasn't very intertained with the objectives it had for me to complete because most of them were very plain and boring. I did try to make it less boring but because the pages were thin and on the next page you could see the marks of your drawing. It did have did have fast shipping and you could take the chance to see if it would be worth it but in my opinion it wasn't worth the money.
The book was not worth it. No good information found out more in the booklet in the box.
Product did not ship on time, nor has it delivered at all.
Super boring and I did not learn anything new.
The actual book is fine... however, the online access card is missing and I cannot use the book! Also, the cover is torn off!!!!
Difficult not the best directives or pics
Very disappointed in this product. The coil is so tight that it is impossible to flip the pages without permanently removing about half of the pages
Tried to get a sticker (with price) off the back with first just water (wouldn't come off) then a dash of a light soap and water and it dissolved the material as well as ran the color. I don't know what material this thing is made of but it certainly isn't something you want to take to the gym or to workout with; not going to give it to the person it was intended as a gift for. Very bummed.
I highly recommend anyone buying these books for toddlers to STAY AWAY! I just read out loud to my toddler that Pan cut off Captains Hooks hand and he threw it to the crocodile to eat and the lost boys thought it was fun to chase Indians. Going to see if I can exchange this book set. Even the imaginary is Dark. See image attached.
The item was shipped in a ripped package and the book was missing.
This book promotes eating disorders and paranoia in the name of avoiding GMOs. I am in no way condoning the use of GMOs but this "I can never have this or it'll make me fat and sick" attitude will lead you down a bad road. Find middle ground of avoiding crappy ingredients when possible but not obsessing over it.
Not for children I lost interest in her she was too self centered
I used this rental for my class and when i received the book it was already damaged. When i returned this rental i was charged full price for water damage. This book was already damaged and I need a refund.
It was drudgery getting through the first chapter of this book. I don't know how I'm going to get through the rest of the book. I wish my professor chose another book.
I would like to say that i'm really disappointed about my order!! I was so excited cause that book was for best friend Christmas!! I received it yesterday and it arrives different than the picture!! Damage on the corners,cover dusty and the most important part .. USED AND NOT NEW at it was described!!! Not factory sealed at all !! Honestly i don't know what to do... Keep anyway ,offer it in that poor condition or by another one and hoping that this time it will arrive as described!!! Sincerely but a disappointing regular customer!!
I barely opened this book and wow, the condition is horrible! I understand that I rented it but I was not expecting this!
I ordered this but instead received the primer level.
If I could give 0 stars I would. The book I received was just plain awful. The binding was completely undone and was being held together by a lot of scotch tape. I could not even open the book without everything coming undone and pages practically falling out. There were also quite a few water marks in the pages of the book. It was by far the worst book rental I have ever received and the second time I've had issues with Amazon book rental. Amazon tried to offer me 40% of the refund and I had to complain to get the full refund. The book is worthless. I will not be renting my books from amazon anymore. It's just not worth it.
The order says that this item was delivered on Wednesday 19th of December, but is was not. I have not received the item that I ordered and this must be corrected immediately.
Incorrect book mailed. I'm on a time constraint with school and now I have the wrong book with less time to get the correct one.
This book has all the signs of a franchise that has far outlived being interesting. I get the impression that this was to fulfill a contract. The author must churn out Star Carrier titled books to milk the original concept until they become financially too marginal to publish. I'm all for the suspension of belief and giving a book slack because it is fiction after all; however, humans encounter a race indistinguishable from gods and our technology will enable us to triumph.....please. Probably the worst thing is that the story arch still does not end. There is every indication this dead horse will continue to be beaten. Run away. Run away. Find a book that will hold your interest.
Still have bugs at home. Nothing has changed.
It is an older version. The cover is completely different. My daughter wants the one with the goose on the cover. I promised her I would buy it for her. She's very disappointed when this book came and may think I lied to her.
The packing package had been opened when delivered and book was missing
The book had data analysis pages for all experiments ripped out of the book.
Whoever thought it was a good idea to use yellow font in a glossy textbook needs to be fired. All page numbers, bold and glossary terms, section titles are in a yellowish orange font that requires some major overhead lighting if you don't want to be straining your eyes. There is a severe lack of examples for some tricky concepts. And at one point (and I'm only half way through) the same two sentences were repeated only a paragraph apart. There was no insinuation that it was an important thing to remember. It seemed like I was just a major editing error. So sorry if you get stuck having to use this book for a class. Hopefully your professor will give you some good supplemental material to go with it.
This book arrived with several other books, however this book had water damage and was even still damp along the spine and inside pages...the other books with it were dry and the box was dry. This was very unusual and I feel like I got ripped off
Weird advice. Would not recommend.
Where is it. Never delivered
Beautiful and inspiring stories that every woman, regardless of age should read about. However, the packaging for the shipment was horrible. By the time the book got to me it was horribly mistreated.
Misleading, absolutely nowhere did it say its a condensed 46 page version. I feel cheated
Book came badly damaged
I usually wait until a few months to a year to write reviews in order to see how item holds up. Not this time. This was delivered to me yesterday and I feel like I wasted my money. I bought it specifically for the stickers and they don't stick at all. It comes off while you're still trying to stick it in the pages of the book. My 3 year old is beyond disappointed in this and so am I. I tried to ignore the sticker portion and focus on the other uses for the book but each time she brings me another sticker to use, I get irritated with the whole purchase all over again. What a waste.
This book is a waste of money!! The author doesn't even use proper grammar which makes it very difficult to understand. I actually think I will return it!
I just bought this book and cannot find the access code. Did anyone else get one? I would put this under "ask a question" but I can't find that option for this product. Please comment on this "review" and let me know.
Would have been cheaper to YouTube and probably easier
Product was suppose to be a 2 volume set paid $120 and only received one volume, never received the 2nd volume. NEVER BUY FROM THIS AGAIN!
Not worth the price..............
Print was VERY blurry. Small print. Disappointed.
I'm giving this one star because it's listed as a prime item, but is not guaranteed to be delivered in 2 days. Totally misleading and this needs to be taken off as prime eligible.
Book was in great condition but not the edition advertised. Different editor and numbering is different than the book pictured/seeking
it should be a two book set but missing the violin only book. returned and ordered from somewhere else.
Not at all what I was looking for.
Save your money. The color cover photo is a joke, there is not a matching recipe and could not be Paradox if there was. Most of the ingredients in the cover photo are not allowed on the diet. I got a refund. There are no photos in the book to correspond with recipes and the proof reading was poorly done. Makes me suspect of the entire book. Disappointed.
I wish to have a replacement sent, as I NEVER received this item.
Terrible. Don't even know why the number 500 is associated with this cookbook. There is like 23 recipes. Don't bother buying. I would give no stars if possible
This is so tiny it's unreal. I was so upset when I received this in the mail. The paintings are the size of a deck of cards.
I bought this thinking it was New! It had writing all throughout the book! I could have bought this cheaper thru the Girl Scout website! I used amazon because I get free shipping! Completely disappointed!
I cannot write a review without it being censored.
The editor obviously did not proof this book at all. Many written mistakes in the instructions, some leaving out vital information.
This book is so small and so plain not impressed
My 9 yr. old granddaughter loves it!
They sent me the wrong book. And I can't get in contact with the seller
This shattered on the second day. Fit is so poor that I have to pound on the screen in certain spots to get the touch-screen to work. Ug. Worthless.
This book was a big waste of money and did not go into the detail I needed to know for class although this was the recommended book. The teacher ended up using the older version instead.
Buyer is fake takes money does not deliver. However I did but he book from someone else eventually and it's great!
1) No Beholder card. (Probably more missing monsters.) 2) Thug, Guard, Guard Captain, Commoner, and other commonly used NPCs are not present despite being present in the Monster Manual. 3) 3.5 x 5 in. cards are not standard sizes and required the purchase of additional card protectors to make them useful. Only buy this product if you have lots of money to waste. You're better off buying the Monster Manual.
The first 70 pages of my book have this line down the cookbook! I can make out most of it, but super frustrating none the less.
The book came with several creases and folds in the cover. This book was bought as a gift. For almost $19 I'd expect a little more careful handling. Like maybe a plast wrap or something. Very disappointed.
Well this is just gawd awful. I couldn't even finish it. Dorothy would NOT be happy about this book.
Disappointing. Nothing written to explain how training your Lab is different from any other breed. Very basic. My advice...don't waste your money.
I received this book today. But I dislike to it because the book quality is the worst. Don't sell like this quality book. If I can do I wish to refund.
Extremely disappointed! I ordered this book the second week of January and it's the third week of February and I still have not received it as yet.
I was forced to give this garbage at least one star, when in fact it deserves negative five. This is by far the worst item I have ever purchased, granted I will take some of the responsibility, for I did not thoroughly inspect and examine the product page. However, one should not have to examine a book with such caution, how hard should it be to buy a book? This however proves that you MUST read every aspect of the product page, because what I received is so very not what I was led to believe I was purchasing. It is someone's attempt at home publishing, or as far as I can tell that is what it is. The format is non existent, there are no paragraphs and the scattered sentences do not flow and the pages themselves are broken at random places. It is an absolute disaster. There is no publication information, no editing information, no information at all. Someone took these mangled pages and bound them in a cheap cover and smacked some stock image on the front. Amazon should be ashamed of themselves for allowing this and for shipping it.
Very out-of-date. All he does is some case studies. Nothing useful. Dont lose your time.
This notebook arrived smudged, I would prefer if Amazon's notebooks would be wrapped in plastic, so other people's stains don't get on these notebooks.
Item shows delivered but never got product , shame amazon
I ordered 2 Dr. Seuss books and they were delivered to a different state. I tried contacting the company, but they would not respond. I ended up paying for items that I never received. I highly suggest that you NOT order anything from this company.
One of the books was damaged in the shopping. I ordered 6 books for me and my friends and only 5 arrived in good conditions. Poor packaging.
Pay closer attention to the cover than I did when ordering >> Peter PEN
Sadly, the pages were alllllll but 3 riped from the book. I wanted to return it but I was involved in a car accident and was unable to. But I'm disappointed that it was sent out in that condition.
I could not even read this book the smell was so bad. Put the book outside in an attempt to get rid of the odor. It was a sickening smell and had to throw it away. I will no longer buy used books.
Very large print, short book without graphs. A google search could provide the same information. Not worth the cost. Don't waste your money
Absolute crap. What a waste of money, that I would love to have back. While the plot sounds good, the execution is not.
Poor quality and the black lines run together
Not made for coloring with pencils
Didn't really learn anything from this book.
Low quality. This is just designs printed out on someone's low quality printer and put together as a book.
I paid for a new book but I got a used book with the cover partially torn off and red marker on the pages. Totally dissatisfied. Books are better at Barnes and noble.
The recipes were hard to follow for us adults. The recipes skipped steps, included ingredients and utensils with no explanation. Very confusing for kids and I sent it back.
No clue what its about
The photos on this item are misleading. It implies that it is the new Netflix version, and the outer cover does have that image. However, all of the actual pages are the old 80s version. I love the original version, but this is still a bait and switch, which ruffles my feathers quite a bit. I didn't expect great quality, but seriously? Getting something like this is just ridiculous.
You can buy this holy bible if you don't have vision impairment buy the ebook instead!
Never received the book despite writing several times, no response either
I did not care for this cookbook at all. Seems like every other recipe was a curry recipe and when there is a picture of the recipe, it's not even a colored picture. I can't even return it because it cost almost as much as the book itself I'm shipping cost. Very disappointed.
Could not read past chapter 1. Content was littered with generalizations and abstract concepts too vague for real-world application. Recycled my book.
Many pages are printed with pink dots making it impossible to read. Does any one has the same problem?
This is a great story to use in counseling with children; however, after two times of reading this book with children, the pages started falling apart. I turned the pages of the book, so I can say with confidence that the pages were not pulled out and the book was not mishandled. The pages are not numbered which adds to the annoyance of having loose pages in this book.
Item arrived damaged with dents.
The story in the book is not the story from the movie, even though it shows that on the cover. Little disappointed
Paid a ton to get the item in “like new” condition, it arrived with parts of the front cover ripped off, red paint splattered all over it, and the binding is falling apart.
Item was recieved damaged and am have a real hard time trying to get it replaced . I am on the verge of canceling my prime subscription . I call customer service and someone speaks to me from another country I can hardly understand what the person is saying . I ask to speak with someone in the U.S and I get put on hold I am not liking Amazon. Horrible experience.
They sent me the wrong book.
I like the book I was supposed arrive in two days now it's going to be five days hopefully I'll get it before I leave on my trip!
Failed my licensing exam by relying on this book. It's missing more than half the Virginia specific subjects. It's has so many typos and unrelated topics. Many questions refer to New Jersey laws. It's a complete garbage with nothing but confusing information to set you up for a failure. Stay away.
Never received the book, so I don't know if it's a keeper or something for the recycle bin.
If I could I would leave no stars. The description says 24 volumes but the seller only sells one book. The seller is deceitful and crooked. If I could I would ask for a refund based on fraud.
It is missing a lot of the popular plants. Would return if I could.
I ordered because the page says it is a hardcover, in multiple places. It is not. I received paperbacks.
Book came with dead batteries
My soft cover book was badly creased. Amazon should get better packaging.
not very useful not worth the money
Book arrived in a timely manner. Book was NOT in very good condition like posted. Book has markings, bent cover, writing in it and a damaged cover. I would not have bought this copy if the condition was properly stated.
I'm so mad! To see my boy's face when he got his book! It was just a yellow notebook! No compass or camouflage cover. Do not buy this!!
I would give this zero stars if I could. This book is garbage and zero help in regards to the test. The information is incredibly overwhelming and the practice test and the essay examples are NOTHING like the test (which I took today). Do not waste your money!
We have the I Love Music book by Scholastic and thought this would be equally amazing. It's not! I'm returning it because both the cow and horse make a horse sound. Seriously??? Either something happened during shipment or the editors didn't edit. Either way, a total fail. Ugh.
its been a week now and my package says it has arrived and it was left in a parsley locker but i still have yet to receive it the post office says they do not know where it is what should i do now? i really need this book
I can always asses my mental stability based on my late-night impulse purchases.
This book was supposed to be new. I received a copy that had significant water damage. Pages were stuck together and wrinkled. Obviously the book had been wet at one time. Very disappointed.
It was the wrong one
both adapters did not work for my pixel3 and my friends pixel 2. shouldve read the reviews before i bought, waste of money and time. seriously, do yourself a favor and just buy directly from google. this is horse crap.
No helpful information. Very very basic.
Complicated and useless.
Bought this specifically for the electric schematic and diagrams. Absolutely worthless. Instead of schematics or diagrams specific tothe Saab 9-3 I own the diagrams were listed as "TYPICAL" headlight switch, "TYPICAL" running lights. NOT ONE, color code was correct on the wiring, a complete waste of money.
I ordered Wooden: A Lifetime of Observations and Reflections On and Off the Court. Instead I received a Yu-G-O book. The wrong bar code label was on the book. The bar code label is for the Wooden book. I requested a refund and it showed I was getting one. I packaged the Yu-G-O book with a note stating the issue with this order. Later I was charged again for the book saying I never returned the book. Thanks for nothing.
This book is counterfeit. I NEVER FOUND OUT UNTIL IT WAS PAST 30 DAYS SO I COULDN'T GET A REFUND.
I did NOT receive my order nor have I heard a response from the seller about it.
I was very excited to get a decently priced copy of this classic, but I was terribly disappointed by the publish quality. My first impression was that the font and paragraph style was extremely odd; certainly not easy on the eyes with a san-serif (maybe Ariel?) font, and uncomfortable line spacing. I opened the book once, and the bindings completely ripped. After 5 pages, I realized it was unusable - each page turn essentially tore the entire page from the binding. One interesting note: it seems the copy shipped is printed and bound AFTER you order. I assume this is to ensure the supply doesn't exceed demand. Clearly the provider has not perfected this rapid print/bind process. Extremely disappointed with binding and print quality; would absolutely suggest buying from a different printer.
These were listed at a value of over 200.00 and on sale for 50.00. Obviously false after looking at them, and they shipped in such a way the case that holds them was damaged. Would not recommend this.
This was not what I was expecting. The cards were very cheesy.
3 of the book tabs were missing. I attached the labels to my Bible and then realized that some of the tabs were missing.
We were sent the annotated instructors edition instead of the student edition like advertised in the description! Unusable!
As a special needs parent, I always need to stay abreast of special education law. This book helps me gather all of the information hat I need.
Awful! Half the pages are backwards and upside down!
The book was not edited or checked so many mistakes
This book was received and returned but funds were not returned.
I searched for this book by using the ISBN to make sure it was the book I needed form music class and because my professor said that the book should come with cds. I saw that a couple of books' descriptions said that the cds were missing, so I assumed that the books came with cds and chose one that did not say anything about missing cds. However, the book arrived without cds. I am very disappointed and mad because the cds are very essential to pass the course. In addition, it took two weeks to arrive.
This book is boring, obvious, and leaves out the most important reasons for public poisoning, such as estrogen and antibiotics in food. This NYU doctor is afraid to offend Big Farm.
The spell is horrible. :( I heard the unscented one was good!!
Most of the chapters/stories are disappointing
I was given the Norton Anthology of American Literature NOT women literature. Very frustrating since I need this for school and now will have to get a refund and find it somewhere else and already have homework on the text.
The book was in terrible condition. It was completely torn out of the binding. I don't want to be held responsible for the condition of this book.
This many pages are glued together with the backing glue used on the spine. This is a gift.
A cure for insomnia. Stupid and annoying characters. A waste of money
Cute, but looks used. Packaging is all beat up, will not be able to give as a gift as planned. The magnets are fine, burn book looks like someone opened & read it bending all the pages.
Purchased as a decorative piece, its NOT in black and white... more of a navy color... pics are deceiving
The binding was broken. More than half of the pages aren't attached to the cover and fall out. Very sad
I am very unhappy. I clicked on The Pill Book 19th Edition in the order area and didn't even notice it came up as the 15th edition. It was published in 2012. That makes it out of date. I'm throwing it away and going to an actual book store. That is a bait and switch if I ever saw one.
So sleazy...used car sales techniques. If you sell like this, you're not doing the world any favors.
Jesse back to drinking really! What is this writer thinking about and political also, give me break, Jesse was never a snowflake, just sorry I bought his next book ( the devil wins). End of series for me
None! Never ordered this book
These jokes are terrible. I'm letting my niece make up her own stories instead
This cookbook was NOT in the box.would not have given it a star but I had to in order to submit.
This look came with water damage, food stains and other stuff. I didn't say anything. I used this for class maybe 3 times in total. When I returned it I was charged FULL price for the damaged book. Something that I did not cause and was already there. I ended up getting this issue resolved later that day. Anyways, I say this so that people check the books they rent. Make sure to look through and see if the book has any damage. Report any damage to them before they charge you for something you didn't do.
This book is repulsive. A string of smug cliches of the alternative food movement with so many blind spots they're too embarrassing to list. Her attitude towards animals is medieval. Someone I would never invite to dinner.
The diet and advice is not for normal day life and it would cost you a fortune to buy the food they want you to buy. My book has already been sent to the donation box.
I expected more from this author as she has grown into a beautiful woman inside out through the struggle of being a quadriplegic and from being Christian. However, I am guessing that this book was written in her earlier years before she grew in her faith because there are parts in her book that are very graphic for children to read. Maybe in todays society others would disagree with me but I would not even feel comfortable letting my maturing teens read this book.
Didn't help with my anger
The vendor sent the book via USPS with shipping due which I had already paid for at the time of order. After several attempts via email request to get them to resend the book, I never heard back. So I bought the book and never received it. Buyer beware.
Nothing like coming to the point in class when you need to read chapter 10, to find that 2-3 chapters in the middle of this book are completely upside-down. Chapter 10 is mostly upright, but the first 3 pages are not, and of course since they're upside-down, the page numbers count backward for a segment. So glad I bought this book. Not.
DON'T MISLEAD PEOPLE WITH THE PICTURE. THIS BOOK IS NOT FOR THE MAC USERS. What kind of game is that writing a book for windows users but using a macbook pro for the cover photo???
Never received my book or my money back
wish there had been an option to view inside the book............
This book is not like the questions - either the multiple choice or the constructed response. Better idea -- use the free Companion document on the ETS website and buy ETS's practice exam. Do not waste your time studying these questions.
Would not recommend it
I listened to this cd at yoga class and decided to order it for myself. The product never arrived but Amazon did refund the charges.
This book is like the Wizard of Oz with a western back drop. The characters remind me of Dorothy and Toto following the yellow brick road (Black Lands).
I thought it was a reusable sticker it was not... this product would've been better if it was. Don't buy waste of money
I never received the book.
Would have been nice, but there was another book binded in the book. Disappointing because I was planning on giving this to my mom. Quality check needs to be done.
They don't stick to our rug. Normal sisal backing. Rug move around no matter how many I use.
I would give this "zero" stars if I could. This book is terrible. It is not a coloring book, but merely poor quality screen shots from the show. I immediately processed a return upon receiving the book. In addition, the is not a LICENSED Stranger Things book. I'm not sure how it is allowed to be sold!!
i've read it before and it do not catch my eye even then
This is a comic book! In other words, "graphic novel". Sending back.
This was a BOXED SET. Supposedly with multiple books. I paid full price for the set and only received one paper back. Very deceitful. Dont buy from this seller.
Do not buy from this person. They took my money and never sent the product. I messaged them multiple times and they did not reply. Very bad experience. Stay away!
Book arrived in horrible condition with missing pages and all bent/crumbled
I was under the impression that by buying this book new that it would come with an access code. The access code does not work. I need a refund.
I did not understand how the information in this book will help someone deal/cope with trauma. Way too complicated to read and I don't care for case examples. I can't identify with any of the cases.
This is an awful awful cook book. The points are not accurate for most recipes and there are absolutely pictures and the directions lack many steps . I threw mine away .
The solutions do not line up with the practice problems which makes basically half of this book completely useless. It's impossible to study from the book other than just reading the chapters. The first few chapters were fine when I had to go check my answers to the practice problems, but the next several are so mixed up that you cannot make sense from it and I've definitely suffered on class exams due to this. For a $300 textbook, I'm beside myself that I had to purchase this. I'm going to absolutely try to get a refund from the seller for this book. My suggestion: DO NOT BUY. See if your professor has other study/learning materials to substitute until they re-edit this textbook.
Got used. Be careful.
Had to buy this book for a poli sci course. I still aced the course but I honestly could've put in half the effort and just simply regurgitated this book's non-objective non-empirical anti-Western neo-Marxist narrative and would've received the same grade.
I received this ? book today and rather disappointed with the content and price. Really, never again!
It's an anti inflammatory diet. There are plenty of better cookbooks out there in this field. I tried a recipe or two and found them unappealing. Also put off by the many large photos of the overly made up woman with what appears to be breast augmentation. That is just annoying.
I honestly am unsure how it fits.... I thought it was an actual Victoria Secret Pink garment. Once receiving... The quality alone is poor, and it was obviously an imitation
This might be a good book if I could find out by reading it The book's print is so small I would have to strain to read each word or use a magnifying glass, and I'm not willing to do either of these things. Shame on the printer!
Layout is all over the place and hard to follow. Barely any pictures. I prefer a picture with each recipe. I'm not a fan.
Bit of a letdown. Started out good but fell flat, the writing was like that of a teenager. The author apparently wanted to give it an 80's atmosphere and kept throwing in the fads and songs of that time, to the point where it was contrived.
Still never received this item, it's been 3 months since I've ordered. I have emailed to get my money back and still heard nothing.
Ordered it on a friday and it never came. I waited until the following Wednesday and still nothing. :( plus I can't get a refund because I have nothing TO SEND BACK BECAUSE IT NEVER SHOWED UP
I think this book is supposed to be 12 pages but 3 middle pages are stuck together with no apparent way to separate them. Very disappointing.
Never received this... Never received a refund...
I understand that buying a used book is a gamble but I just opened the box and this book is in horrible condition and had the audacity to cost $60! This book was labeled as in good condition by the seller, what I got was not “good” condition. What I got so dirty I don't want to touch it with my bare hands and it appears to have water damage also. Completely dissatisfied with this purchase. Beware of this seller!
Product came new, supposed to have CD. I DID NOT RECEIVE THE CD. Only problem with product, but an important piece, when you need it do complete coursework!!! Now for the third time, did not receive a CD with the book.
I ordered it months ago and never received it contacted the seller twice asking for a refund and all they said was that the order was sent but yet I still never got it and they won't give me the refund! Don't waste your time get use one of the other ones!!!!!
Came extremely creased. Not worth anything. Don't buy.
Beautiful book and came in record time, but came with dirty hand prints on back and front of jacket! Not able to give as gift
One of my children's favorite books. Was trying to find a copy in good condition since it's no longer in new print. This copy was just gross. Almost all the pages stuck and warped from spilling and covered in food/grease stains.
This was the most boring book. I forced myself to read half of it and then gave up. It's one of the worst books I've ever bought. Do NOT waste your money. This is going in the trash.
I never received this
It was joke. This is not a BOOK. It is so short, it does not even have page numbers. It was a RIP OFF.
Google basic pool drills, print all of the images from the first page, staple them together and boom, you got this book. Yes, if you did these drills you might get better, but most of them are the same drill with different english marked on the example cue ball. There are maybe 5 drills that are actually useful in this book, and if you have looked in to pool drills before, you should already know them. Don't waste your money. I usually don't return books because i enjoy having them even if they are bad, but looking at this one makes me angry.
Not what the reviews led me to believe
NONE of the recipes in this book are done with 5 ingredients or less! He combines several time-consuming and difficult to find items and calls that combination 1 ingredient. Waste of money!
I ORDERED THIS BOOK AND RECEIVED AN EMPTY ENVELOPE UPON DELIVERY. IN MY RETURN SUMMARY I EXPLAINED THIS. NEVER RECEIVED A REFUND OR ANOTHER BOOK.
The book arrived very dirty, bent out of shape, damaged, and old looking. I need this for a class I take at my church once a week and do not have time to ship back and wait for new ones, however, I will not be ordering anything ever again as I am very upset with my purchase!
The concept behind this book is a good one...one stop shop for answers. However the use of typography in the design of this book is appalling. It is probably the single biggest published misuse of type and layout I have experienced in over 40 years as both a pilot and professional designer. I'm quite sure a ten year old could do a better job than this mashup of type sizes and styles. What a colossal missed opportunity. Attempt to read and learn at your own peril!
satisfied with product
Not a good read. If you are a newbee to Christianity this might be for you. If you are salted already, this may be on the boring side.
This has been one of the most poorly written books in the area of medical sociology that I have ever encountered. The author does not present adequate proof for the assertions that are made in the various chapters. It is also extremely difficult to navigate on all levels for both an instructor and for the student.
I bought this book for my granddaughter. I have not read it with her. The story is the basic story which is fine, but the illustrations are horrible. It does an injustice to African Americans.
I need to know how to return the book. I started reading it and long about page 500 holes, large holes, started appearing in the pages. Entire paragraphs are missing. I am not happy about having a new book that has several large holes in the pages.
The missing manual was missing. Was shipped the wrong item. Money was refunded quickly.
I bought this for class and needed to write an essay, but there were missing pages, not even ripped pages or anything just straight up missing pages. The other side of page 57 is page 60, so I'm missing page 58 and 59, and this happens in multiple places. I don't even know how that can happen, but don't buy the book from here just buy it used from someone else or something.
I'm sure this will be a great book for a lot of people, but unfortunately there's not but maybe two recipes in the whole book that I might consider trying. I was hoping to get a list or chart of how long to cook certain foods, and not necessarily what I got. My bad, I have now ordered another cookbook and will do something else with this one.
I asked for a book in good condition. For the price I rented this beat up destroyed book I could have purchased a used one. I wanted to rent so the book would be in good condition. When I tried to call I was told Amazon text book calls are too flooded and the phone hung up.
I normally do not review textbooks because they are a requirement, but this one is by far the most anti-American, politically and racially biased textbook I have ever come across. It is also filled with the authors' opinions that are completely unnecessary. This book is a complete disgrace to what Sociology truly stands for and has made me question pursuing my degree in the field.
Was not new at all in fact the cover was torn off along with some pages. There is much more show of wear as well throughout the book. There is no excuse for why this was marked new. Other sellers are selling much better conditions for less. Don't go with this seller you might not be able to read the "new" book you bought due to torn out pages.
THIS SHIT SUCKS DICK DONT BUY IT SUCKS. WAS NO HELP AT ALL. SAVE YOUR MONEY ITS A SCAM.
Too short. An article not a book!
Written to garner specific emotions. Manipulative. Too political.
This is sold as a picture book and the pictures are blurry with little detail. Can't believe it got such high ratings . Didn't think much of the story either.
A fine book, ruined by poor shipping. Amazon never bothered to put a plastic bag on this item. Rain did the rest. How difficult is it to mail a package and make sure the contents remain dry?
Please read “Leave a Cheater, Gain a Life.” It is the only book that will honestly tell you what to expect from your cheater.
This book was translated very poorly into English. There are many misspellings and formatting issues throughout the book. I can't believe this made it through to publication in what seems like an early draft of the composition. The content is also very repetitive. So bad I almost emailed the author to let her know.
I'd give zero stars if I could. I purchased one and dropped it on 1st use and bottom shattered. Ordered another one. Dropped while washing and cracked. Extremely fragile. Do not recommend.
Received a message saying that it would be delivered by Dec 18 it is now Dec. 21. So disappointing. I want my money back!
Not as advertised. Broken out by month for 2019 so half of it is not able to even be used. In addition, red thing it's showing on the front is not a sticker, it's part of it and looks incredibly tacky. Lay out is ok, looks like it's more for coloring than any true financial management. Wouldn't recommend.
my calendar holder was broken on both sides of it when i got it. it was wrapped broken. its a gift for Christmas.
I ordered from this product from this seller twice and both times it had an estimated arrival date of about a month out. After waiting the whole month out for this product, it never arrived. Both times, however, I did receive a refund, I still want and need the product.
This is not anything that I expected in terms of solving issues or dealing with women in the workplace that are hell-bent on domination and/or sabotage. For $15.00, the money could have been spent much more wisely. Additionally, I had hoped to use this as a credible source for a Gender Communications semester project paper (Why women bully women), as it turns out, it was completely useless. The advice it gives to deal with such tyrants is to basically do nothing at all and just deal with it until it eventually goes away. Terrible choice and I do not recommend wasting your time or money on this ridiculous book!
It was water damaged and did not come with the CD-ROM software I need for class.
This so-called study guide is disaster. They say its comprehensive, how can it be comprehensive if this book is so small, with numerous amount of mistakes in explanations. Its not covering several big topics that will definitely be tested on real test, but included Trigonometry that is not even included on gre. I think just to add more pages to the book. Look at their reviews, all fake from people who not even bough the book. I went further and checked this publisher, looks like they publish a lot of titles and fill listings with not real reviews. Stay away from it.
terrible book, lots of incorrect information. doesn't really show you pharmacology. we were forced to se this for nursing school. dont buy it unless you must.
I would give this book 5 stars because it is a great book and I had planned to read it to my students since they were learning about 5 senses. However, I gave it 1 star because Amazon sent me an email stating that the book would be delivered later than expected due to postal delay. But, I never received the book and I ordered the book back in Nov 2017. I emailed Amazon about getting a refund, but never received a refund and I never heard an updates on the book. I end up paying 18 dollars because of shipping and handling even though that was a mistake but Amazon emailed me saying they could not cancel the order. I would like a full refund because I have been waiting for months and no one has reached out to me.
It came bent, torn and I returned to you for credit which I have never received.
The product i received was not the student copy of the book, but instead the instructors copy, and while I did not see a problem with this while taking the class, upon trying to sell the book back at the end of the semester I found out that these are never for public sale and has ZERO resale value. The seller had taped over the not for sale marking on the back of the book.
Complete fluff and exhausting to ready. No actual substance. It's like the entire book is a prologue. You can get the exact same content on her website or in her newsletter emails.
I am very unhappy with this textbook. It came in the mail with a section nearly detached from the spine. Also, the answers have been ripped out of the back of the book which leaves me unable to check my work for accuracy.
I wish I had returned this because the cutout word that is to be glued on the pages are back-to back. For example, on page 1, when you cut out the word to be glued onto the corresponding blank space on page 1, you also are cutting out the word for page 2 (the next lesson) which is printed exactly behind the word for the preceding page. Therefore, in order to use this workbook as intended, you would need to photocopy every-other page so that you could cut-out and paste that page's word.
Very generic and basic information
I was really disheartened after receiving this book. I was super excited but it came in pretty low quality condition. It looks really old and dingy, theres highlighting excessively through the book, and they put this sticker on the it WILL NOT come off. 100% disappointed and would not purchase again. I've included just a couple pictures. You can see the front cover is pretty dirty and faded plus all the highlighting goes through almost every page through half the book. Unfortunately, I can't return it because it already came later than expected and the semester has already started.
Would love to rate this book, but the package arrived empty, and it's very difficult to see on Amazon's site where to report this information.
I still have not received this book, and was told that there was an error in the shipping process. Hopefully they're going to resend it.
Product is fine. It is a sticker/activity book and was packed in a sack like package with no hard protection. Therefore the book arrived bent and wrinkled with spine permanently bent.
The product is soft copy and arrived with bent corners and scratches on the cover. I also paid extra for faster shipping and got it in the same amount of time as the free shipping that was offered. Do not recommend.
This book has the same content but the chapters are switched around.
The book never arrived
It was my error in purchasing the used instead of a new book (I didn't know someone had written a personal message inside the book), but to only get a refund .35 cents. That is an outrage. Complete and total RAPE to me as the consumer.
Disappointed. Experienced cook and subscriber to other Cook's pubs.
I do not recommend this book . Extremely boring and the layout of the book is also extremely boring and to font chosen does not help as it is small and in thin font and light color so very easy to misread your lines .
I ordered this for a class I had and instead of it being delivered it was sent back to Amazon. Don't order the packet just go ahead and purchase the code. Saves time and stress!
I ordered the 2 volume set and only received one book.
Great content but my book came with ripped pages and pages stuck together. My students will enjoy the music but the cost is too high for this book with this poor quality.
I own books that are over a hundred years old and this is the one in the worst condition and it's brand fucking new
For some reason I received a black and white copy. Not very helpful when looking and the illustrations
I understood I was buying a used book but the condition is horrible. The front cover has a hole in it and is so badly creased and scratched. The corners and edges of the book are yellow and brown and so dogged eared the book doesn't stay closed. I would have even bought this condition at a thirty store for a dollar.
After purchasing a new steamer, I was so excited to get this cookbook. Unfortunately, unless you have the specific steamers listed in the book, it's not much help. All the recipes are based around a handful of steamers, and since the book is over 20 years old, none of them are manufactured any longer.
Just could not get into this book. I loved the other two. I'll give it another try and will update this post if I do read it.
Great book. Wish it arrived in better condition.
This book is advertised as 2k plus pages. This book comes as either 1 book 2 volumes or 2 books a volume in each but either way both volumes are needed. I only received volume 2 so i am missing half the material. Reply requested from sender and awaiting response.
This is a complete rip off. This is not a walk through or a guide. It just tells the basics. The book is really small. I am really disappointed.
I did not receive it yet!
I bought this to keep me organized and help me save time, but now I have to sit here and fill in every date by hand...I did not see this in the description! I didn't even know they made calendars like this, WHY??? I would return it but the closest drop off location is super out of the way....so here I am, filling in dates for the next couple of hours...
Waste of money!! Extremely small and not much to it!! Don't purchase!
Confusing book with review questions that do not correlate to the book content.
I ordered two of these to try to start journaling and to teach my son to start journaling. Neither of us cared for the layout once we looked through it and was unable to return the product. There are better options out there. It was a waste of money in my opinion.
SCAM ALERT. The photo shows tablets but you get a small paperback book. This is a rip-off!!!
I paid extra to have this book delivered today and it was NOT delivered today, even though the Amazon site says it was delivered. I need a refund of my shipping charges and possibly the charges for the book.
Book and translation are both excellent, but this novel arrived from the seller with wear on both covers and a page torn out.
Two jokes per page? Are you kidding me? Joke is on you if you buy this book.
This book was listed as Used: Good however it is not usable. Several of the pages, the important ones for me, are double printed- meaning that words from each side of the page are printed over each other on both sides and it is illegible. I understand it is used, but the sale of this product is 100% a complete lie and unacceptable.
We should not be charged for the condition of the book on return, because we received the book in this very condition.
book was damaged. Contacted seller and no response
Still have not received item
I enough good recipe
Seller stated condition was better. Recycled library book with stickers all over the front/spine of book. Never mentioned any of this in description of book.
This book has a lot of recipes that might be good, but no pictures and unless you want to go through page by page or look through recipe by recipe to see what it has you are out of luck. Without pictures, how are you supposed to know what you are fixing.
While a great book, the seller is a thief. They mailed me an empty envelop and when I requested they fix their error, they sent me another book and charged me for both.
not written very well, long stories
my fiancé did not like it because it's not crossword puzzle.
Like many of the other reviewers, I didn't realize when I ordered this that Dershowitz was a defender of this president and that he wrote a biased introduction. I actually didn't even see that part, just saw the red, white and blue cover with the eagle at the bottom. But I'd rather have the Washington Post forward (which I already got on Kindle and now I will order the paperback). This is going straight in the trash. I gave it one star because Mueller's report is in it. No stars for this author's opinions.
I was super excited to receive this Bible ! I got it delivered on Friday and there was nothing inside the packaging it was an empty bag !!! I tried contacting the seller and Amazon I have not got a response . I can't get my money back since it's asking me to return a product that I NEVER RECEIVED!!!!!
You're going to hear great things about this book, that it changed someone's life, that they loved it and couldn't put it down. I ripped my copy to shreds. The author is condescending and self-righteous. He's right, you're wrong. About everything. In fact, you're an idiot. I couldn't get through the first chapter without multiple panic attacks. His tone is so abrasive, and so is his language. If you've ever been in a verbally/emotionally abusive relationship, this book may trigger you. It should come with a trigger warning. I got so triggered I ripped it up and threw it out before finishing chapter two. I will not attempt to start or finish again.
I wish I could give it no stars. This was a complete waste of money. Thankfully I could return it and get a refund. Someone just made print outs of an ebook and sold it. I am a little surprised that amazon continues to allow this book to be sold. Wish I had read the reviews before I wasted my time buying it.
I havent receive my book even now.
Do not understand Returned cd. Received cd I was Not trying to buy. Had to send back At my cost. Received half the money I paid
Each chapter was between 2 and 4 pages! Very disconnected. What a waste of time and money.
Reference to gun safety is minimal, and you have to wade through a lot of irrelevant and not particularly well-written material to get to it. Not useful for the purpose for which it's labeled.
Never received my items! Ordered in June 2018
very petty and not funny
This was a required textbook for one of my ITAM class and it is completely written for Mac users, with PC users as a side thought. The author leaves little witty comments all throughout the book, which sometimes makes the topic confusing. Some editing/continuity errors make somethings hard to understand because the pictures don't match up to the actual task at hand. One of the worst text books I have ever used.
Ordered a new one but I recieved a used book written in it. Very disappointed. They charged me for a new book
I didn't order it to be on my Kindle or tablet it was suppose to be a gift so I had to pay twice.
Did not receive this book
It had to have a CD with it but on arrival the seller had removed the CD.
Disappointed. Poor quality book. Not worth the money.
This is a joke. You do not get an Oral B toothbrush, you get a 10 page printed pamphlet for this price. Do not order.
Its been 3 weeks and yet no book.
Never came and took more than 2 weeks for a refund to be deposit back into my account. I bought an ebook version on eBay instead and it works just fine.
This book doesn't make sense. The endings are weird and do not go with the story line.
NEVER REC'D MY BOOK?!!!! NEVER delivered my book. I have video no delivery to my address
This book seems more geared to children than to adults. First time this company has really disappointed me.
A wonderful book. easy to read and understand.
Well I just opened my book to start reading it and the first 20+ pages just fell out. Not sure if I can get a replacement but it's kind of hard to relax and read a book that I can't flip the pages.
Another item from this seller I won't be recommending. The creators of this book ask the same types of questions on every page. Unfortunately, those questions are easy to answer and they do not cover every type of question your child would be expected to answer for SOL or Common Core standards. Instead, the questions asked in this book are more basic, not as complicated, and will not successfully prepare your child to pass any SOL or Common Core testing. Find a better book if you are trying to prepare your child to pass all their SOL/Common Core tests. I bought one by Barron's that was a bit better than this one.
Didn't read closely I was looking for the hardcover set
Actual item is as pictured - a black book with blank pages. Bad joke.
Its says it was delivered but I never received it. Please address this issue
Got my game and had duplicate stacks of cards. Missing the start here deck. Just another hassle. Now I wait for my replacement.
This product has never been delivered! Amazon, do something!!!
Did not get product. Says it was delivered.
Nothing new here, a lot of "theories" and repetitive claims. Not to mention you can find all of this information online. Don't waste your money on this book.
This book was supposed to be NEW and arrived like this, ineligible for return. If I'm going to pay full price for a book, it should look like I got it at the bookstore, not like this.
The book arrived, not as advertised. When I requested a refund I was charged a 10% restocking fee and shipping. Not the best third party seller.
This is a different version from the book I ordered. This was selected as a re-order but that request was ignored. I paid for a new book and would like a refund for this unwanted version.
Marked as delivered today. WAS NOT DELIVERED TODAY!! STILL WAITING!!!
This is really for parents who want to think they are doing something smart by teaching their child these complex topics at a you g age. In reality we barely use them because the illustrations are basic and not engaging to a young child. Our child has engaged more with books with flaps or colorful pictures. One I highly recommend is goodnight numbers, lots of opportunities to discuss things in that book with a child.
I have no idea how this book has ANY reviews over 1 star, much less the several 5 star ones. This is without a doubt the WORST programming book I've ever read. To frame this, I've been programming in some capacity since high school in 1981 and professionally for almost 30 years. So why would I pick up such a book in the first place? Most of my work has been in other languages, primarily Java with a decent amount of C and C# among others. But very little C++, and that little bit was quite early in my career. I thought this might be a handy book to help refresh my memory and fill in the gaps on it's unique properties. Unfortunately I've never read anything so poorly written with so many errors both grammatical and factual. (Kids, don't drink and write!) He starts off saying you don't need to know C, but I feel sorry for anyone trying to use this book who doesn't. Especially because you'll be learning a lot that is bad or just plain wrong and won't realize it. The Q & A sections are worthless. The questions are sloppily written and ambiguous - this is programming, and precision is everything. The format for these is that there is a section with a number of questions, most multiple choice, followed by an answer section where the questions are repeated and the answer highlighted. But FREQUENTLY the repeated version of the question is somewhat different from what was asked in the first place, to the degree that it changes the answer. In the section on switch / case, there is a question to write a bit of code to assign grades using a switch, but the answer is a complete nonsensical mess that would be wholly unacceptable in a first year programming class. And if you're completely new to C / C++, you're going to be totally lost as there are often questions asked about things that haven't even been hinted at in the text to that point. I'm all for challenging readers, especially in books that are meant to teach new concepts. But normally you would at least give pointers to further information or something of the sort. I purchased the Kindle version, and sadly the presentation is nearly as bad as the content. The layout is sloppy with odd font sizes in places and text flowing awkwardly around the code examples. And speaking of the code examples, almost all of them are truncated, losing at least one or two lines at the end of each. Sometimes it's not much of a problem, only losing a closing bracket. But with others you lose enough to miss the whole point of the example. I almost wish I had the print version so I could at least get the satisfaction of burning the horrid thing.
I ordered this book because I was meeting the author and wanted a book for him to sign. I expected a full size book. The book I received was not full size it is small even though the price of the book wasn't small. It had plastic peeling off the cover in the corner and the print is so small I'll have to use a magnifying glass to read it. This review does not reflect on the author or the story at all. It is just a review of the quality of the book which was poor. In the future if I want a decent book I'll travel to B&N.
I purchased this book as a used book. Unfortunately, it was unusable. It is a workbook and everything was completed, in pen. I now have to buy another one to replace this one.
Totally did not like this book
This is not a replica! It is a soft cover blank journal, with a title page, a publisher's page and a preface page. Nothing else! What a ripoff.!
Poorly made overall knock off of a good product
Terrible, Worked poorly, had to jiggle the plug. then fell apart
Thought these would be sexy fun. They are disgustingly dirty. In the trash they went.
I have never received this book, nor did I get an explanation, an apology or a promise to set it right from the seller. VERY disappointing.
I am so sad to report that every single one of our books is falling apart at the binding. Not page, by page, but rather whole sections not staying glued in. The 5th and 6th grade girls in our small group at church have been writing in these and we are doing our best to clip them together but am extremely disappointed considering the money we invested in this order. Hoping seller can get in touch with me as I am having a hard time figuring out how to contact.
I always wanted this book. I found one at an excellent price. It was described as having slight wear and possible notations (which I could have lived with). There was no wear and no notations. BUT there were thirteen (13) BLANK PAGES. As I understand, certain bulk buyers will purchase these misprinted books and try to pass them off as books with slight wear. I've learned my lesson. I won't buy here any longer. I'll be returning the book.... BUT only after having to PHOTOGRAPH THE BLANK PAGES and send those photos to the distributor. I have to PROVE that the pages are blank!!!
What good does it do to have special delivery instructions specified when the delivery person refuses or does not read them. This little tidbit effects the delivery of merchandise that is needed. If a company guarantees delivery on a certain date, you plan on the item(s) ordered to be there on that date. Yes, things happen but when they make it out that it is your fault that the merchandise was not delivered as specified, then they are stooping to a new low Especially when another item you ordered from THE SAME COMPANY WAS DELIVERED AS STATED. For the last 3-4 years I have had these instructions and no other Amazon delivery person had no problem reading them and or getting in the building. My name and unit number is on the address tag on the package. What is so hard to punch in or scroll down to the name and unit number? Why put on the slip " could not deliver due to no access into building?" There is and was access, just no initiative to gain access.
This one starts out with a bang, then goes into the mother's history. It is so off the wall I found it to be a complete waste of time. Too many good reads out there than to waste time with this. Skimmed from half way, then finally gave up, and closed the book.
Too many useless repeats the EFF word, sort of ruins the book.
This was not a good map. Nobody had a good map i guess so i was lost often.
This rental was supposed to be in an acceptable condition but to me it's an unacceptable condition! It's more like you can pick up something like this from a dumpster. I was very disappointed!
I am frustrated. My book was NOT delivered this evening even though the post office said it was. What am I supposed to do now? Amazon doesn't help on that part of it. I want a refund or another book.
Total waste of my money. Even if you can navigate through the misspelling, incorrect grammar, missing text- you are reading a cut and paste job. There are pages of descriptions referring to non existent drawings! I was able to get more information on line, and truly angry that I paid for this!
This book did not arrive at all!
Uh, I didn't receive my book? I received a sealed package, but nothing in the package..can someone help me with this issue?
I did not receive the book that I ordered!! I am very dissatisfied!!! Plus my item arrived late !!
Purchased a new book and received this book with a ripped and separated spine. Horrible!!
0 star for this. I received the book but that is not the one with hard cover he was selling in amazon. I contacted to him however didnt get any reply from him. The one that I received is the global edition that cost $60 something. I paid for him $120 something. I need him to do something for me.
Not about the book; I haven't read it yet. This is about how I receive this item from the shipper. I expected a brand new book since I paid for one and I got a greasy, nasty mess. Never again.
Not what I was expecting. I bought it for anatomy class. It didn't have very much information. I did return though and was credited promptly.
Book came soaked through. Was delivered in a cardboard box without any plastic wrap protecting the book from the rainstorm that occurred while the book was sitting on the porch. The book is as wet as if it was dropped in a full bathtub. I'll have to wait for it to dry out before my son can start to read it.
Received wrong merchandise did not receive piggy bank
We paid almost 100 for this and they sent us a different edition than the one listed- it doesn't even look the same- then I found the same book New for $24 at American warehouse books- do I had to buy it again- I would no recommend this place to buy books the items are not what's listed
I did not like this Tolkien calendar as it is not in English. The pictures were very dull also.
I liked about 1 of every ten poems.
The recipes are high in sodium and cheese. Haven't cooked a single recipe from it and there was a charge to return it. Yuck. So that explains why I'm keeping a book I don't need.
You cannot put this in a bubble wrap envelope and not expect the mail main to shove it into a mailbox and bend it. I've now returned it twice, and will not try again.
Book came with code already exposed. I tried code on website and was told it has already been used!
It's a scam! We never received the book and seller will not respond.
I was disappointed in this one. Recipes are mediocre. The book has lots of typos and no photos. It does have nutritional information which was nice.
This reader was hoping for incisive analysis from a former Secretary of State. Instead this is a sentimental reminisce of well known events in the long civil rights struggle. I don't know if it was ghost written. There is nothing sparkling in the style and nothing revelatory about the events described.
I don't know why the book say Amazon Rentals when I purshased the book I send the picture of the book
The paper is fine quality, but super disappointed in the packaging. It arrived with the plastic wrap completely torn off and many of the sheets are bent on the corners.
The pages inside are a low quality, if I had seen the inside I wouldn't have purchased it.
The colored sticky tabs you're supposed to use for quick reference were all stuck to the paper- every single one of them and the front cover was all bent. I was not too pleased but it could have been worse I guess. Luckily the other two codes books were okay except on one the spiral bound part at the top was coming apart.
I didn't realize how much vulgar language there was in it. I had to send it back because it was just too much F word and other words that were in appropriate
I ordered this used and the dvd was of a concert, not the one guaranteed to come with it. ): I couldn't do my project for school and didn't find out until too late to return the item.
No photos, typo on the back page. I started to read through and found the prep instructions hard to follow because they are a giant run on paragraph. Some of the recipes sound pretty, good wish the layout was more readable this looks like a high school kid made it.
I bought this thinking that it would teach me how to write calligraphy, but it's mostly blank pages for you to write calligraphy on your own over and over again.
I don't want to sound rude... but if I can print in color, WHY CAN'T THEY? If your going to publish a fine book like this, can't you spend the extra $$ to make something PROUD of?
Avid reader. After so many positive reviews, I decided to try a new author. At first I thought I was tired after a long week! But after 150 pages, put it down. Too many characters. No background information. And long. Perhaps if you read his earlier novels this will make sense but anyone looking to start with this as a new author —- don't!!!
While the books arrived in a timely manner and in good condition, the 2 book package costs more than buying the books separately.
I like Hillary Clinton. The book has some excellent stories. But...it's more along the lines of women fighting for power in the government. In almost a full chapter you can see the pain of losing as personal still. I get it. I just wanted the personal emotions not to show through as much.
I started the audiobook and had to hear how this is the new 'bible' of the black community. It is cringeworthy. This book is pure form excuse mode. It holds our culture back. Its finger pointing. Its blaming. Its lame literature. I am doing my best to finish(I am on chapter 4) as I listen on my work commute. This book has a very bitter tone.
According to my teacher there were alot of mistakes in this book. Which makes it hard to follow along with the codes. My teacher has to update the corrections for us. Which is very confusing to a beginner in programming
This book is overrated. It is difficult for my baby to press the buttons when the pages arent correctly lined up. My one yr old son loves music and to press buttons but this one he lost interest relatively quickly.
if you like thriller click buy. if you like engaging plot driven narratives with twists and bends, hit purchase. but if youre like me and you need something thats more than a good story told, then dont. gosh it sucks to give two stars! but it's better than none
It does not come with the lyrics to the song :/
The spine was broken on this book.
It has something smeared all over the front of the book. I was given a full refund and it was an easy process.
bummed out at the condition of the book upon arrival. First delivery had scratches all over the dust jacket. I started a return and had a new book delivered next day. The replacement book had scratched up foil lettering and the dust jacket was bent at the top of the spine. These are supposed to be brand new collector's items... I expected much better condition.
This cookbook is not easy to use. It's set up by the week instead of by subject. If you want a soup, you have to look through the index, then flip through the book to see what you want to make. Recipes looked good, but I would never use it because it was very user unfriendly. I returned it.
This book has really well done drawings, but those drawings are rather trippy to say the least. In terms of writing there's no connection from page to page, stanza to stanza, or paragraph to paragraph. Any rhyming attempts are poorly completed. It's a chore to read this book. Definitely not for kids, or even most adults.
This is how I received my rental.
Very nicely done art work. But, card stock is extremely thin. I've used about 1/4 of the box. What's left continues to curl very badly.
The photography is excellent. The coverage of the subject matter is complete. That being said, most of the content in the book is redundant merely re-describing the process of turning and assembling pens. The hook for me was the cover. The beautiful pens displayed on the cover are great examples of what custom turned pens could be. I was expecting a great deal more on the processes for making these artistic things of beauty. There was proportionately very little in the way of describing processes in making the humble pen a thing of beauty. If you've never turned and assembled a pen this book would be OK. If you've made a few pens, you will not find this book to be of much value.
Lovely calendar and wonderful photographs, but Amazon apparently doesn't know how to pack and ship a calendar. The hard cardboard in the middle of the calendar doesn't extend to the edges, so the calendar gets smashed because they ship it in a soft enveloped. This happened not only to the original calendar I ordered but to its replacement!
The books arrived, but the case was already destroyed when it arrived. Disappointing.
Not sure why people give such a high rating. The book lacks planning advise and sample itineraries, just wordy descriptions about all sites. How am I supposed to know how long each place takes to visit given a relatively tight schedule? Not good for first-time visitors.
It was supposed to be new came with no packing slip and dirty cover
This book must have been written from someone from a different country. I looked for a recipe for pot roast in the Visor electric pressure cooker and it calls for boiled beef. It has several recipes for mutton. This book is a big disappointment. I had just bought a Casino and wanted to learn how to cook in it. A total waste of money.
I like the Kumon method so I bought many Kumon books. Unfortunately the Kumon word problems series is very poorly designed. For every page, the first problem is good but it has an example solution. The rest of the problems have almost exactly the same pattern (with different numbers), thus kids do not even need to read the question carefully, but just follow the pattern and fill in different numbers. Therefore this book is not much useful. A good word problem book should lead kids to think about every question and find out the proper solution. There are patterns among word problems, but the book should not have made it so obvious that kids do not need to think at all.
Just have the father/other parent read a regular baby book. This was so basic it was hardly helpful.
Not very easy to use...,
Front of my book was ripped and it went through 6 pages
Just regular jargon and to much bla bla bla.
Definitely has pages missing. The story doesn't make sense
Super small and arrived damage at the bottom. Cardboard front/back so it ripped when I accidentally applied to much pressure
It is falling apart and is made cheaply.
I found these to be really difficult to apply. The guide needs to be made of a heavier card stock or cardboard. It just slides around or blows off with the air conditioner. I was really disappointed that they didn't have any blank ones so that if you make a mistake, you can make one. I strongly suggest you start at the back of your Bible if you buy these as it gets easier with practice. Unfortunately, I messed up my Genesis tag so I will get to look at my mistake every time I open my Bible. Seriously, you need to add some blank tags!!!
The book was all fluff and the plot highly improbable. The characters were very one dimensional. My book club read it and all agreed it was not worth the time.
Book did its job but there was writing in it, torn pages, a pencil was still in it from the last customer. The book did its job and I guess that's all I can ask
The booklet only had recipes in and not on how to accomplish to setting up and smoking the meat. Not what I really wanted or need it.
This was way too easy for my 5 year old. We whipped through it in just a few minutes and he lost interest in it completely.
I was expecting them to be funny and at least slightly adult. It was lame. I returned it and got almost nothing back after I was charged a restocking fee. I would have kept it had I known.
I really like the layout of this planner, I've automatically bought it every year for the past 3 or 4 years. But this year, the spiral ring is smaller and the pages don't lay flat. I've only been using it for a few weeks and all the pages are already ripped due to the back and forth flipping of planning my family's schedules. I've tried loosening the ring but that only made the back pages come out. Very annoying.
Was an okay ran smaller in size
Two of the sounds on this book didn't work at all when I received it. So now, 2 pages don't make any noise. Disappointed, but realize I prolly just got a defect. :-( Hard to explain to a toddler tho.
nothing was wrong I just ordered wrong book
Very weak. How can this be Stephanie Laurens' writing? Flat, barely any heat.
Had a lot of info but it's all the same info you could find online for free.
Not worth the money, just talk to your doctor.
couldn't get into this book. Ended up putting it down.
Was more then used ... I payed to much
Upon examining the book, chapter 2 was missing. The book came loose leafed so who ever owned it had removed part of the pages. My granddaughter is using it in one of her college classes and needed the WHOLE book, not just whatever the seller decided to send!!!
I have a degree in science and am very interested in pain control methods. It was interesting to read about the origin and history of Opium. But when the author started going in depth about how to extract the morphine and make Heroin, my interest was lost; I didn't even read the last 20 pages. I didn't expect the author to give the "recipe" for heroin. I was a bit disappointed about that.
I ordered this book as a promotional aid. Once I started to read it, I found that a few chapters were missing and others had been reprinted.
I expected this to be a fresh, interesting take for gwen, from a different angle. But shes worse. The comic is worse. Who knew a female character written by a female could feel so one-dimensional and basic?
The book was a disappointment, but I was glad it was a storm fundraiser. The quotes were so ridiculous and thoughtless from Trump but the book fell short of being very funny.
This cookbook does not follow the freestyle WW program. Also it doesn't specify if the points listed are for the recipe or per serving. It is useless to me & I am returning it.
I did not like the extra large format - one puzzle per page - nor the extra puzzles that are not really sudoku. I would not have bought this book if I had known what was inside.
This book reads like an advertisement for many specialty products market to Keto tonic dieters. For example, recipes have some ingredients identified by brand name and others generically. In fairness, if one is that busy they cannot be bothered to select a brand of ghee in their own, then perhaps this book will appeal to them with certain brand names clearly featured. I did not see any mention of consideration provided in exchange for the product promotion.
Not sure what other reviewers are referring to when they say this book is informative. Perhaps they're fake reviews, perhaps they received a different book. No extra info about ketogenic diet, it is purely a cook book - which is fine. However, no information regarding quick release vs natural release, which defeats the whole purpose of a instant pot cook book, no? Some of these recipes are incredibly silly - assuming one has an instant pot large enough to fit muffin tins and cake pans. Don't purchase.
I purchased this book as a new item, but it's in poor condition. I ordered it 2 times, the first time it came with a significant tear in the front cover in the book. I returned it and ordered a new one, and it's not even in good condition. It has tears on the spine of the book, is dirty on the sides, and is wrinkled in some places. I find this unacceptable for such an expensive book, and it's going to decrease it's resell value because it looks so used. The book itself is helpful for doing the practice problems in the textbook and would recommend having. Just be careful where you order from.
This was very amateur drawings and not sure its worth the money.
Content is good and I could see myself regularly using this book. However I'm so disappointed because the binding cracked with gentle use. I didn't even press the pages down. If it gets bad enough and I can't even keep the pages together I'll just recycle it. Shame the quality is poor.
I'm an AVID reader and love mysteries. This book was such a struggle for me. It didnt draw me in. I couldnt get to know or feel the characters. It was boring for me.....I really struggled to read it. Maybe you will have better luck
Unfortunately I didn't like the main characters.
The book is great. The shipping is not so great. “Order in the next hour and get it tomorrow!” Then it shows up 4 days later. That's getting to be pretty normal? I wonder if increasing the prime membership by $20 will improve service.
I didn't like this version very much. It is dumbed down from the version I had as a child, and the art is not as good. I don't know why they had to change it.
This has no pictures inside and is really skinny. Looks more like a manual that should have come with the cooker.
Didn't realize how tiny the books were. Only the size of your hand/palm. cute but not ideal for a good reading book.
Very useful information, however, very cheap quality paper used for print and the book is black and white inside (on oddly washed out pink and white paper) with no photos and very small font. There is too much text and too little interactive content to keep a younger child interested. It is a shame as the information contained could have been put into a wonderful high-quality book for horse loving girls. I would not gift this to anyone again.
The book as a whole appears to be intact but there is a problem with the pages, it's like the pages are made from cheap paper. Please see pictures, it's difficult to describe.
I didn't really like this book.
"Sale restriction may be printed on the book" (from the description) means the cover is printed saying it is illegal to circulate the book outside of South Asia. I'd planned to include this in my professional library. I'm concerned that having this version is unethical, if not illegal, so I can't use it as I'd intended. The seller includes a sheet explaining that the US Supreme Court upholds my right to have this copy of the book for individual use, even though it is marked illegal. Nonetheless, this seems unethical if not technically illegal. I prefer not to participate on the fringes of the illegal commerce and would not have purchased this item had I realized what the seller's veiled statement really meant. The book also arrived outside of the badly damaged media mail package which also resulted in damage to the book.
This was recommended by a professional. Way too technical for my pea brain.
This case files book sucks. Save your money and get something else. Not enough depth for shelf exams. Maybe useful as a review for step 2 but doubt it's better than first aid.
I am not a expert, and needed detailed information on these fishes. The aquarium section of this book was disappointing. It is rudimentary to the point of being childish. The chemistry and filter sections are equally disappointing. The spawning chapter was just sad. Now to the good part: the representative selections of the Malawi cichlids. Although details were somewhat limited there is enough information to help beginners decide which fish are compatible with others with this difficult species. The photographs are small but well done and are good enough to use for identification. All in all the author could have done much more to promote the raising and caring for of these magnificent animals.
Interesting and readable but I'm not quite sure wall the fuss is about.
I couldn't get through the first chapter of the book. Everything about it seems shallow and fake. I'm tired of Christian writers giving my sappy, saccharin, platitudes. I crave substance and depth, I didn't get it from this book.
It's okay, not much to it. Helpful if you're just getting into the field. I thought it would have more to it, nothing you wouldn't already know having done the job for a few months.
Interesting ideas but poorly written with very very simple language.
Probably not worth the money. Pretty elementary & has mostly info that you should already know.
Not as described. Listed as very good condition. Old & creased.
I'm confused by the good reviews on this book. I will say that some of the author's comments are good enough to assist the reader in their own reflection, but most are plain, lacking insight, and feel rushed...and some are just stupid. Take February 8th for example, where the author says “The next time someone gets upset near you - crying, yelling, breaking something, being pointed or cruel - watch how quickly this statement will stop them cold: ‘I hope this is making you feel better.' Because, of course, it isn't.” Face palm. There is nothing remotely Stoic about responding with sarcasm to someone who is upset. I like the structure and premise behind the book so much that I keep wanting it to get better. But I can't help but feel like I'm reading the musings of an amateur.
I haven't read the book itself but the the way this book was pack was quite undesirable. Glad I'm not giving it as a gift as it was ripped before I even touched it.
Great story, but the book was missing several chapters. I had to wait for an amazon replacement - great customer service from amazon by the way.
Is OK, but slides easily, so grips are a must.
How this was packaged, I know for sure it wasn't taped, product was loose in box not happy..very careless for amazon.
Whoever was responsible for proofreading this book should be fired. Some recipes are in English measurements, some metric, some have both in the SAME recipe. Abbreviations are not standard, grams are expressed as g, gm, gn, and grams on the same page! With this little attention to detail, I'm not inclined to try any recipes because I don't know what else is wrong. The "thousand day" menu is just STUPID and a terrible waste of pages in the book. Who needs a 3 year meal planner?
I found this too be too small and would prefer a Modern English translation. But it is well made and durable.
This is an overpriced reprint of previous publications. The title of this "book" gives the indication that there will be in depth information and stories on the Thompson family; not just a few members. Many of the ten stories in this publication can be found in previously printed accounts. The book does not appear to have been proofread or edited given the poor sentence structure, grammatical and spelling errors, as well as lack of format. This author apparently has never met an apostrophe that he wanted to get to know and use. The book lacks the substance that one would expect from someone who labels himself a genealogist.
The book arrived without plastic packaging. The book is dirty on all sides, I was able to wash the glossy surface, but the sides remained dirty. Hands get dirty all the time!
There is no pictures and like this you don't have the feeling to make anything from it
I don't know that there was any critical thought put into the creation of this book
This item was to be in Very Good - Used condition. Upon opening the cover you see a personal note to an individual. It was my impression that Very Good - Used was not to have written notes or comments. Rather, only would show normal signs of wear and use.
This book was not fun. My 5 year old was not impressed, and neither was I.
You would think "Outdoor Builder" would be full of diy projects. Instead, this book is way too heavy on instructions on how to assemble their kits! Only the minor projects are from scratch.
I received my 550 Instant Pot Recipes cookbook today and was disappointed by the fact that there are NOT 550 recipes in this book (as advertised), but instead only 131 recipes. Also disappointed to learn that there are absolutely no pictures of the prepared meals in this book. I'm returning the book, incorrect information regarding the number of recipes.
The book itself is excellent! However it arrived with a ripped and mangled dust jacket.
This was an extremely disappointing book. I've followed Tillman for a long time and have always been a big fan. I still am, but he misses the mark by a mile on this one. For a person who must have amazing stories from his amazing life, none are in the book. Superficial examples, no depth and very basic writing. This book could have been great, but instead it's a 5 page article blown up to a full book. Nothing to see here, keep moving...
this is a rental, however it is not in good condition. i was able to use it for my course, but still looks like it got wet at some point.
It was okay, just not what I was looking for my art class.
The volume had 10 fewer pages than the product description showed.
Book too big and too heavy. The typeset color is hard to read
Very few pictures. What kind of recipe book has no pictures? I'm new to this plant based eating thing .... I have no idea what these foods are supposed to look like. Pictures would be nice. Also ... the meal plan? A bowl of soup for dinner? Lentil salad for dinner? I can't serve this bird food to my husband and kids - they'll revolt and go get pizza! And I wouldn't blame them. Come on! Give us an actual full and satisfying meal. Sheesh. Returned.
The book was much smaller than I thought it would be.
Expected more from this story. Left me needing more suspense, and disappointed in the story.
Two stars is generous for this book, I love the show, however the tense the book was written in, not exactly a history book and not exactly as a story. If you're looking to fill the downtown void, I suggest daisy Goodwin novels
Compared to the other easy guitar books that Alfred's has come out with this one is just not as good. It may be that you just can't rewrite the songs to make them easier. As fan of Alfred books I would say pass on this one. You will be disappointed..
The actual book is as expected. However there was no CD. What was there is a download code. You need to go to the Carl Fischer website, create an account then download the piano parts and MP3 files. I've a couple problems with that. I didn't want an account with them, but I created one anyway. Then while the .pdf files downloaded, the mp3 files would not download properly so pretty much useless. Would have rather had the promised CD!
Dated book and rather light on actual "how to" instruction. There seemed to be more emphasis on observation, some color theory, sketching (I kept coming across daffodil type tube sketches) but no solid tips on how to achieve any particular leaf texture or petal striations. Some loosey-goosey advice on paint mixing. In short- just experiment with your paint to find what works. I sent the book back.
Wow, $30 for a pamphlet! I guess I should have looked more closely at the description. My fault, but then the pamphlet ends up being half a commercial for the folks selling kits and parts. Nothing in here you won't find in several articles online. 2 stars since I didn't have to look up the articles. $5 maybe I wouldn't be incredibly annoyed.
Does not hold a child attention.
Small #'s not recommended for kids. The book is huge.
I found this coloring book to have really boring designs. Personal preference I suppose. The quality of the book/paper is good.
Quarters don't even fit!
The book is fine and looks as described. However, other access code for the app was defective on mine. When I scratched (as I would any other scratchable item like a lottery ticket), it just rubbed completely off! Full access to the app without this code is an additional $70! I've attempted to contact the company through Amazon without any response.
I bought this book as a graduation gift. I thought it would be a new hardback copy that the graduate could add to her collection. Well this book arrived in shrinkwrap, but the book had clearly been re-wrapped, as there were stains on the dust jacket, wear and tear, and aging. This item is advertised as brand new, and it clearly is not.
Does not compare to the quality of the flash cards for Barron's AP Statistics, for example. Problems are not useful to prepare for the AP exam.
First 3 pages for beginners, then it jumps straight to G chord as its 1st chord for beginners which is a pretty stretchy and difficult chord. RIDICULOUS!
Received this cookbook and jumped right into reading it. This cookbook is nicely planned with good photos of the completed dish for each recipe but the recipes are a little too simple. I get the concept of 5 ingredients and making it simple but the recipes are so simple that they are just not exciting.
The info it has is good, but it just doesn't have the info I am looking for. It's like shopping at a store where the items you want it doesn't have. youtube is better, has more of what I am looking for, and it's free.
A lot of writers left out Very disappointing
Just received today, and I have to return the book. Its printed in extremely small font...like point 8, or something. Seriously disappointed ted with how dense and tiny the print is. Some will immediately react by saying, "Obviously you need glasses." Except I don't. I just went to the eye doctor for a checkup. This book is just extremely hard to read because of the incredibly tiny print. Too bad the publisher made such a poor choice in printing.
Considering an early American adventure? Choose Elizabeth George Spear. The Calico Captive was much better.
the numbers are very small it is hard to read them even with a magnifying glass, I am a little disappointed
I mean, the journal is very pretty but the one I received already has writing in it. It doesn't seem worth the hassle it'll be to return it (i live in the rural mountains) but I'm disappointed.
it is not what i expected
I personally wasn't a fan of the artwork or the storyline in this comic, was hoping for more The cover is really intriguing and interesting though, and would certainly look good on a shelf.
I wanted to like this book but it's just boring if I'm honest. The topics she touches on are important and great for small group discussion, but I find myself left wanting while reading on my own, as there's not much theological depth. It feels like she just introduces each idea and then instead of diving in deeper, lists a bunch of scripture to pray over. I get that she wants us to pray, but depth would've been nice and would've guided my prayer time better.
In my opinion, this book focuses solely on the challenges of dyslexia. Whenever this book gets read around my daughter within dyslexia, she ends up in tears. Instead, I highly recommend Welcome to Dyslexic Park.
Got this for my paramedic son for Christmas and it arrived today looking like it came from the back shelf of a used bookstore. Front cover had a big crease in it, first page is torn and pages in the middle of the book are turned up at the corners. It did however arrive quickly.
We have ordered this pillow 2 times before and this one is nothing like the first two. I could have got this in a 2-pack for $19.00 at Sam's Club. Very disappointing.
It's not a bad book st all it's just that I feel like the author goes off topic constantly trying to give examples of the point he is trying to make.
Not one of my favorite dot to dot books.
Over-emphasis on how your parents screwed you up.
This book has many different authors, so be prepared for those chapter citations! That tidbit aside, this book isn't for the multi-modal learner because it tends to go on and on in flowery explanation about all the different theorists and their terminology for their models. Not a table in sight to breakdown simply what the theory is and how it is different. Would it have killed these editors to use more tables??? Therefore, one must skim through pages of text to get to the meat of each theory, and even then the implementation and evaluation, and resources to utilize are skinny if noted at all. Since my course is designed to focus on the understand AND application of the theory in everyday nursing, this text often lacks the explanation to do this easily. I will not be adding this to my reference library for those reasons. However, it is nice in that it has many theorists discussed in one single textbook.
Product came loose in a large box - edges bent. Also, there are no lines on the recipe pages- just blank, white with a border. Returned:(
I like Tim and I enjoy his podcast. There were a few useful tips in here but overall it wasn't for me. It's more about seeking the shortcut through life. It's also a decade old and the content is becoming dated.
A nice family book, but not terribly useful for my style of cooking. A few excellent recipes, however.
DK has changed the format on their Eyewitness guides and they are simply unusable in their current form. Too bad, because I was very happy with them before.
Disappointing, nothing new here, but may be good for a novice. I gave this away....
Meh, not a fan of the “I”, “me” ness of the daily devotions
The book's content is okay but the cover and the spine are extremely damaged.
There is not one recipe in this book that I can use for my family. Some of the ingredients are uncommon.
just stopped working.
Does not seem to scientifically based, and his diet plan is not recommend by the Mayo Clinic
Just alright. The book is not very deep and basically repeats the same theme: own the moment. More a book about all the people he knows then any self-help or encouragement.
The koi koi rules are very incomplete and basic
Author is redundant and book was way too long. Difficult read
This is a nice book but it wasn't what I expected. For some reason I expected more. Just so you know the first 2 prompts are the same all the way through and the 3rd one changes each day.
Maybe I'm missing the entire point, since I realize this book is famous among writers and creators. However, I just can't stomach what the author is saying - it's just so ridiculous to me. The only useful part was the Morning Pages, but I had already been doing something along those lines. I really had to force myself to finish this book, and I'm very disappointed. I tried my best to keep as open of a mind as possible, like the author suggested at the beginning, but I couldn't get into it. So much rambling when really she should've just laid out the exercises instead of constantly talking about her successes and other people's successes.
I have ordered Blue Apron meals before and like the card style of the recipes and photos. This book was nothing like that. I had planned to use the book for meal prepping my in-laws meals. They are in ill health and we have caregivers for them, so I plan and prep their meals. I thought the cookbook would be the same format as the home meal deliveries which would be nice for me to have to give to the caregivers. You know, make copies of the recipes and photos and then buy the food. The cookbook is nothing like the home meal deliveries. I found the book very hard to use, and I'm an excellent cook. Just an average cookbook at best.
The print is so small I am hardly see it, in an emergency or would be difficult to even be helpful.
I read a lot and I didn't think the book was well put together..the thoughts were a little choppy for me so it didn't keep me engaged, therefore, I stopped reading.
There isn't any information in this book that can't be easily found in the Live manual. No tricks or "power" advice.
This book started off great but quickly died out. It covers a very important but greatly over looked topic of the inner workings of the government. I wish there had been more depth about the transition in each of these departments and more details about what happened and what is currently happening. There's certainly the material to go deeper but this book did not do that. Very quick and interesting read but I expect more substance from Mr. Lewis.
Back cover is ripped. :(
Not really what I expected from this book.
Not at all as described. More like an extended history lesson with all the back story interrupting pieces of typical fantasy war tale. OK if you were a fan of Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code but not as much fun.
The copy of this book I got for my wife is missing a significant number or recipe pages that should be there according to the table of contents. It was probably a printing issue because some recipes are repeated again. We didn't notice until months after when we were looking for specific recipes and couldn't find the pages.
I accidentally bought the German edition and waited so long to begin trying to read it that too late to send back
Was not aware I had ordered a used book. It is rather grubby and unappealing. I'll be more careful next time.
I am so disappointed in this calendar. This calendar has no pictures from the musical, nor anything visually interesting about it. Yes, there are facts and quotes, but it is plain black print on a white background. The box it came in was the most interesting thing about it. If you are looking for something that ties into the play better visually, look elsewhere.
some common basic information,not much inspiration.Regret having to write this,or buying the book.
College textbook, came in the ordered condition.
Very disappointed in the lack of finished pictures of the recipes. A picture explains the item. ie: sourdough biscuits, sourdough starter, new years poor man sausage, creamy white gravy, cowboy coffee, skeeters sausage casserole, breakfast egg bowls w/ smoky cream sauce, sloppy cowboy joes, upside-down pizza, sourdough pizza crust, too many non pictures to list. To see the picture brings reality to the recipes. I am sure the recipes are great and I really enjoy Mr. Rollins u 2 . Thank you Gary
Just got the book for my son, and will finish reading it, but am already disappointed. First, the text is 450 pages long, before resource materials. Getting graduate students to read a book that lengthy is tough enough, but this was written for teens. Second, it jumps into anatomy and uses terms like orgasm, ejaculation, and self-lubrication, without first defining or explaining those terms. In the same section, the multiple drawings of vaginas are just kind of hanging out there in space, with no legs or feet or hands or bellies or anything else to orient the reader. Once the young teen finds the word "anus" in the drawing he or she will eventually be able to figure out up and down, but I've seen car manuals with better directions and illustrations. Again, I'll keep reading, but finding these issues in the first 20+ pages frustrates me. What ever happened to K.I.S.S.?
I want thrilled with what I got for the money. I don't like when you can't sees the recipes ahead of timer. Not worth that money.
Read 100 pages. Never saw the big picture. Examples seemed to be vague or relating to massive companies. I have friends who raved about this book so maybe it's just not for me, but it took way too long to get to the point.
All the same cut and paste simple airplanes designs. This could've evolved after a few pages into new folding patterns. Plus the designs repeated.
The book's condition and customer services was good. I just did not care for the book.
Story is good but what I dont like is that it has a razor cut through one page. I would like to return it and get a new one but I can't because I sent the book to my friend as a gift and he cant send it back out since hes in somewhere else at the moment. once he comes back ill send a pic of it.
Purchased new and the book is ripped on the cover and looks used.
Nice book with easy to read print, but if one is into crossword puzzles, this thesaurus has a lack of words. Better buy a regular thesaurus and a magnifying glass! We returned this one.
Returning- not a children's book at all!
Not what I had hoped it would be. Useless to me. I was getting ready to move and wanted a way to whittle down my possessions to make the move easier.
I know that textbooks are long, but that isn't an excuse to have errors and typos in your textbook. Some of the math is incorrect in it, and I will not be recommending this book. I have also heard from peers, that this book is not at all representative of the GRE.
I first opened the book to find that I was looking at the last page of the book upside down....! What Crap..! LOL Someone bonded & glued the book backwards as well as upside down. Figuratively, since this book was a birthday gift, I'm going to have to return the book for a new one which I hope it will be the right side up. Although, the good thing was that the overall book contents was really cool with tons to fill out & multiple coverage of all history for both a Mom's & Dad's sides of the Family. It is a thick book & nice cover. A good thing to have. If the replacement book comes in the mail with no problems, I think I'll order a couple more for my mom & mother-in-law.
I was very disappointed in this book. It actually made me angry. Why would the author have the main character blind to the abuse of the boyfriend but be obsessed with the way the mother-in-law was treating her. Every chapter I was thinking, “ why is she staying.” I really disliked it.
The book is cute but was bent when we got it.
Not my type of reading. Just personal preference.
I thought the coloring pages would have more to color. Not to great
Kinda disappointed that my book came with bends as shown in picture even though it was wrapped and brand new.
I disagree with (what I think is) the premise of this book: All women love confidence. All men make an effort to "act" more confidently than they actually are. All women are obligated to verify a man's confidence.
The things chosen for their first words are okay, but there could have been more in the book. I didn't care for the chosen colors. My baby has never liked these brand of books, so I can't recommend them.
Doesn't really demonstrate how to hand letter. Only suggests things you can put hand lettering on
I expected MUCH more from Mr. Connelly. The actions of the lead female character were quite implausible. I was sorely disappointed and will not continue with this series, if there is one. Mr. Connelly is typically so accurate with characterization....I felt someone else wrote this, as it was so atypical of the author.
I bought this book so that I could introduce my kids to "A bug and a wish" which is a very similiar teaching to what my mentor teacher taught me once: "I don't like it when you__, can you please___?" which is a nicer way for kids to independently solve their problems. Anyways, if I had seen the pages in this book, I would not have got it. The pages have a lot of unnecessary extra words which do not quite relate to the heart of the story. The setup time of the boy getting bullied was cliched and the ending was unclear. Spoiler: It was his friend that said the lines and then suddenly on the last page, the bullies and the boy were friends. He did not say it to the bullies; she did! And she wasn't the one getting bullied. Great idea but poorly executed. Also the pictures are very pre-k level despite the story being too wordy for a pre-k kid to sit through.
It clearly states that it will include both books when only one of them arrived and in really bad condition. How do I contact the seller? This is ridiculous I have a test on Monday
i received yesterday the book . the cover was damaged so i still need it iam not going to return it but to make sure you not gonna let me pay damage fees when i will return it back
Husband didn't like the language!
This would be great if any of the sound bites were actual paw patrol but they're not.
Cheap calendar! The pages are so think that I can see through the page to the back side. Picture quality is just okay. Looks like something you can get for free.
Several recipes are incomplete. It appears like the book is under review and not completed. Also several recipes use ingredients not normally found in 90% of homes.
A 5year old can do this, so if you want very easy this is for you
I was hoping for more information but this is a brief summery on the book. Did not really answer the questions I had. I ended up dropping the book off at the donation center.
Very annoyed because this book was supposed to be a gift and it came with a tear on the cover and it looks used.
I tried this thinking it would be a simpler and easier to read format. I actually find it to be much more convoluted than just reading the actual bible. A group of people have been displaced from their homeland, are upset, and are questioning God. Someone is playing the harp. An old man is retelling stories of the bible to the group. I feel like I've been reading for forever and he's still explaining Adam and Eve. I heard great things about this book. It was described to me as reading one smooth story and great for beginners who may feel overwhelmed. For me, the premise of reading about someone retelling bible stories makes everything unnecessarily long and drawn out. It's like a tangled up 10 ft length of yarn instead of a 3 ft length of yarn pulled taut from point A to point B.
my daughter hates the jokes in this book shes 6 and was not amused lol
My book was delivered damaged
Too long.. Too complicated
I think I have read all of Picoult's books. Some I have liked more than others, but this one left me completely frustrated. I suppose I can understand a writer's desire to try something different. Others have mentioned that the "author's notes" shed some light on her choices here, but I haven't gotten to them because I just wanted to finish the blasted book! This could have been an excellent novel. I did like the twists regarding two characters at the end, but those would have been just as effective/affective had the story not been told in reverse chronological order. I am just mystified. What could have been a compelling narrative turned into a confusing one. If you know how most everything will turn out in the end, why spend you time with it?
Had some wrong information in it.
For a coloring book for small children, the overall size of the is book is very small. I don't see how a small child would be able to color in this book with any success. Disappointing especially with a $8.95 price tag. Item was returned for a refund.
Some good recipes, but not enough of healthy dinner meals in this book, too many hot ingredients, too much cheese for recipes. have to adapt recipes to fit my healthy choices. Very disappointed.
I bought this book mainly for the photos and the perspectives they would show. I thought it would be nice on a coffee table but was disappointed. The Selections, resolution, and quality of the photos leaves MUCH to be desired. It's a collection of lame, uninteresting images; I found it completely boring. The quality of the book itself could be better, mine was Bent and bowing when received. I also dIdn't care for the odd shape and size of the book. Perhaps it will have some nostalgic or documentary value for some People. But I returned my copy...
Split up with partner shortly after it arrived, so tossed it out with the rest of his trash.
I was expecting an intelligent discussion on important topics which are not answered. Instead O got a long list of questions from sophomore bull sessions without any discussion. Buy at your peril.
It came all crooked, noy sure if it was the delivery but it does not look at all.
I could barely open the flaps. I'm sure my grandson will rapidly lose interest in this book if it's next to impossible to open the flaps. Was going to return but shipping to return costs just about the same as the book cost. So, I guess I'll have to keep.
This book provides a light amount of detail on the most important places to visit on a trip to Japan. But it is lacking in 3 important items that I could not believe were missing from a travel guide. There is not a single map of any area discussed or even a map of Japan itself. Second, there are no page numbers?! Third, which goes hand in hand with the lack of page numbers, there is no index of what is in the guide. The Table of Contents list chapters but without page numbers you have to constantly fan through the pages to find a chapter. OK, so I added color coded tabs to everything which made it more acceptable, but why should a reader have to do this? Can't recommend it.
I read A Man Called Ove and enjoyed that book thoroughly. I was expecting something along the same lines---in terms of story, cohesion, ability to keep my attention. This book failed in every regard
Good book for beginners, but I would not consider it a "survival guide". It does not have enough information on all of the things that can go wrong on your Bonsai, pests, fungus, roots, etc. to be considered a survival guide.
Wonderful addition to the trilogy! Where is FREED????? You can't just make two and not finish the third!
Bought used so no worries but cover was dirty.
The text had multiple marks in it and hard to read. Price was not sufficient for condition of the text.
I understand I bought the book in a used condition, which I was expecting some creases, folded corners, maybe some writing but I wasn't expecting actual pages being missing and ripped out, almost a whole chapter was ripped out the book with one of its random pages folded up and stuffed in the book. I bought the book because I needed it for my college English and I purposely bought it so I would be able to read the chapters and follow along with my professor yet could since one of the biggest chapter we focused on and based a thesis paper on, I had to take pics of another classmates book. I was excited to get the book for far less than what my campus book store charged but I mean someone should definitely be going over these books before they are able to be purchased and labels at “great” condition.
Got this book and 2 of the fasteners broke the first day. Quality wasn't the best.
Could of been good...but gave to mother...who said she was not interested in love stories...
I've made several recipes and none of them have been winners. I think the book is beautiful and love how it's divided into the different sections. I wish every recipe had a picture.
Here's the main idea. Eat less, track what you eat, and exercise more and consistently. If you didn't already know this, buy the book, otherwise save your time and just go for a run rather than sitting reading the book.
This was a real disappointment. The story had no real foundation or story line. Just blood and stuff no story line.
Despite the delicious looking shrimp/tomato stew on the book's cover, there is not a single shrimp recipe to be found! I found this disappointing and misleading. Everyone knows you judge a recipe book by its cover! Also, the page numbers are off by a page. Perhaps I received a bad copy but I am thoroughly unimpressed with the one I got.
A little Background: I am proficient in Javascript and PHP, so this isn't my first language. I have also taken a full C# course on Udemy that was about 18 hrs long and have been writing code for about 2 years consistently (nearly daily) as a hobby... NOW.. The Good: I think that this entire book series is GREAT for SUPPLEMENTAL learning. It's really nicely structured and provides a lot of great code examples and you know exactly what your looking at. It's so good in fact, that I would probably buy the second and third books in the series (mainly the third) again just for reference. The Bad: My two biggest criticisms of this book are its redundancy and not beginner friendly (which is in the title)... This book is far more code than explanations. This is not a problem in itself, however, There is often little to no deep explanation along with each example and it commonly repeats the phrase "this will be discussed in more detail later". Most of the code shows you how to write things, but no real explanation on how to use what you would have learned. A large portion of the book is spent repeating itself in explaining how the code would look if you used another data type (basically changing out 1 word). So for people who haven't written a line of code before, the best way I could explain is, if the author was describing a ball: If you don't understand this, don't worry. It will be discussed in more detail later. This is a ball and what it looks like: // Some block of code that shows a ball If you don't understand this, don't worry. It will be discussed in more detail later.This is a blue ball and what it looks like: // Some block of code that shows a blue ball If you don't understand this, don't worry. It will be discussed in more detail later.This is a red ball and what it looks like: // Some block of code that shows a red ball If you don't understand this, don't worry. It will be discussed in more detail later.This is a green ball and what it looks like: // Some block of code that shows a green ball If you don't understand this, don't worry. It will be discussed in more detail later.This is a purple ball and what it looks like: // Some block of code that shows a purple ball ...Anyways that's pretty much what this book is. If that's what you're looking for, that's what it has. Buy it or don't....
The first thing on the first instructional page is "IX Walkthrough" "It is important to note that before you start completing the IX Easter Egg ........ " How am I, just starting to learn the basics of the game, supposed to know what this stuff on the first page even means? All these advanced (I guess?) strategies might OK for a shooter with years of experience, but they are worthless for us beginners. I should return it. But maybe the book will be useful in a couple years after I become an experienced shooter?
This is very poorly written. I would not recommend it
This book is not as fun as the "That's not my dragon book" which I do recommend. There is little difference between the touch and feel materials in this book and they feel repetitive.
The authors have an astute grasp of the obvious.
terrible packaging, came wet and bent.
Wasn't what I expected her to write about, her life! Saw her on TV, said book was about the patients experience before they passed.
Remove the worthless detail, and it's about a hundred pages. I tried one of the author's Quinn Colon books and enjoyed it. This will be my second attempt to avoid Parker's stories by other authors. They just don't measure up! Actually, it was so bad it was kind of funny; trying to find an old painting and all the useless effort!
Bad storytelling all around. In addition to not being Robert Parker, the editing is awful too. The flaws are numerous and much of the dialogue unnecessary. There are bits that should have been left out and characters that played a big role for no reason. On the upside, this reminds me how great Robert Parker was. He could say more with fewer words than anyone. Coleman somehow manages to say less with more.
I bought this for my daughter's introduction to Wicca, but never gave it to her. I didn't care for the at a glance layout, the odd pricing system for herbs (but not stones for some reason), and it looked like everything was printed on an inkjet printer, on draft quality. The cover is very pretty, but that's about it. I decided to donate the book instead.
Print too small and book small and thick -not easy to hold pages open when reading. Grrrrr
Was just thrown in a big box along with two tool sets. Pages damaged due to tools lodging themselves inside the book. Was supposed to be a Father's Day gift for my husband! Not worth the price for a damaged book.
This book is okay. Way too many pages that use the c word. A couple repeated swear words. I like the black backgrounds but I wish I would have got a different swear word coloring book. I was also disappointed that the book had so few pages. There are only 26 pages to color. I am unimpressed with this book.
No new pics, and calendar is just two lines of numbers labelled with day of week and no room for appointments.
I have fibromyalgia, so I thought this book would be both educational and helpful. I didn't find anything helpful. I don't like self-help books, but this was recommended by a respected friend who said it helped her. I guess one size doesn't fit all. It just wasn't helpful to me, and the steps and teaching seemed just common sense, things that a person could think about themselves without spending the money.
I found the Author's stories mildly entertaining, but I was expecting more of a How To guide that would have told how to outfit a boat, and change personal habits to be able to afford to live "Off the Grid", but this was just a loosely-bound list of the captain's personal stories. Just disappointing.
It seems very cheap and light weight
A lot of content for the money. However, cd's and written material are not organized
It was ok, I expected this book to have way more pages than what it did.
Disappointed in the work
Am using to study- I am appalled at the mistakes in the 100 review questions at the end. Silly, confusing and ridiculous mistakes that should have been caught. Doesn't make me feel real confident! I'll check back in after I take exam!
we all know when we get older that we need to clean out closets, drawers, attics, garages etc. Ask your kids what they would like....mark it for them. give away items to Boys and Girls Clubs, senior centers. etc. No need to red this. Waste of time and money. You know what you need to do.
I dislike reading this to my son. There are better books to read to him. He is ok with it, though.
A bit disappointed in the general quality of the book. The print, the paper and even the jokes.
I purchased this item as a tool to help my daughter learn more about hamsters. When it arrived she read through it and upon more research, found out that a lot of the information was false. From wheels, to how big the cage should be. Though some of the information is correct, I still would not recommend this book.
too much non-essential info and I didnt like how it was organized, kept jumping around so harder to learn about it. ultimately sent it back. I heard great things about the book, but just wasnt for me.
Accelerates too quickly...more of a review book.
The Words of Spurgeon are in red instead of Christ. Uh, I find that disrespectful. I love Spurgeon but he did NOT die for us and his commentary is NOT more important than God's Words.
I was looking for a resource to help me better understand as well as do more for one of my loved ones. I was clinically diagnosed when I was child with depression, I have also suffered with and overcome anxiety. However, I wanted to gain more information and thought this book might give me a different or helpful perspective. It's extremely short (5 minute read) and poorly written. It sounds more like frustrated reactions to just a few things that may have happened to the author. I wouldn't recommend this book if you are looking for a helpful resource.
I heard so many good things about this book, but I was really disappointed. As an adult reading YA books, I normally get right into them & relate to the characters, but these characters were so immature & childish, I just couldn't get behind them.
The book seems to be a genuine paperback copy. However, there was nothing protecting or encasing the book (other than the Amazon Prime sleeve of course). There wasn't even bubble wrap- literally just the book in the giant Amazon Prime envelope. Please view the picture I have included with this review, so as to understand why I would consider this 'damaged goods.' This is not a review of the content, but the product itself. I just have to give this 2 stars. I mean, come on. So unprofessional.
My daughter has had some fun with it, but the “paint” barely spreads. Skip this and get the paint with water activity books from Usborne. They work much better.
The paper is thin and it has great color. But it is extremely smelly. I am doing origami with my 7th graders and I am not comfortable giving this paper to my students - the smell stays on your hands and the paper smells from far. Is there any way to get rid of this smell? I had earlier ordered the 4 inch paper - the color is not as intense, but there was definitely no smell to that paper. I would rather have less color but no odor.
Need to be more reader friendly
I found that the book was bent (it's a hardcover) once I opened my package. I would think that with the amount I paid for this book it would show up in better condition.
This book is okay but feels outdated. Also, I bought it hoping for homeopathic remedies & although the book does tell things to use; it lacks dosage & recipes. Arnica for sprains... cool, but how much? And topically, or orally?? Disappointed.
I bought this without reading it first, based on 'hype' and am disappointed. Its not actually age-appropriate language or concepts for toddlers, which is the target audience, right? I found myself skipping lots of it because it was too complicated for my daughter or not relevant. The language should be very simple. Also, it teaches that you don't have to give kisses if you don't want to -- which is hard to explain when you're part of a large Hispanic family where everyone kisses everyone in greeting and in parting, and good morning and good night, and refusing to do so is actually rude. Written by a white author, I guess.
Double pages of each queen. I expected more for the price .
I've had these calendars for a few years now and I've always loved them. I HATE THAT WITH THIS EDITION, YOU CAN'T SIMPLY TEAR OFF THE GROCERY LIST AT THE PERFORATED LINE. You have to cut it with scissors. So dumb. I won't buy another one next year if it's like this again.
I paid for a new book and recieved a torn book.
Was expecting a lot more from the author since online he speaks horribly of modern poetry as if he is writing some "new to this earth" stuff. Some poems are good, but they aren't all that.
I was so excited to get this book! The content itself is awesome and just as expected. Unfortunately the book was damaged in the shipping process and the spine was damaged pretty badly. 🙁
Wouldn't have finished , except it was the pick for my book club.
I got this book in the mail yesterday. I sat and read it in about an hour and a half. It had about 5 strategies that may be useful and not even with my kid with Autism for her this book just feels like to do these things would be torture to her. Many advices given in this book made me go Huh? Really? WTF even... I bought this book to ease myself into the idea of ABA and instead it reinforced my need to avoid it.. I thought this book would be helpful ways to do some ABA type stuff at home.. Instead it was a book with questions from teachers and answers that mostly say see a ABA therapist for correct approach.. Detox your children. We are treating this Pandemic the wrong way.
This could be a good story if it had a good writer. It doesn't.
It's basically just an extended codex entry. The book felt like an outline for the story, all the meat is missing. Even if your a hardcore fan I'd wait for a price drop.
If you need to learn how to track your cycle, this may be somewhat useful, but I didn't find anything in this entire book that I didn't already know.
Ordered this book on March 30- never received until May 2!!! No tracking! Poor seller- would not order from again
My 8 year old read this book at school and loved it for some bizarre reason. She begged me to get it for her. It's a very odd and depressing book with adult references.
Very disappointed, review in WSJ was very missleading.. too many negatives to go into for a quick review... the author has a spin on the 50s and 60s Russia vs US that is very off putting.. as if he never really lived through the time period for the average person.
The outside is beat up a little.....which isn't what you expect when you buy a *new* book. However, the picture I'm posting shows the only damage (there's none on the inside) and it looks like a cool book.... it's only 5 pages/dinos though
Used it for home cooking. Too much sweet stuff.
Amazing book. I've reached a spot where it references many plates, but I can't find them. Is this a misprint? Is this a typo? Where are these plates located in the paper back? Tough understanding this subject matter without images the book references. UPDATE: Nobody responds. THIS IS NOT A COMPLETE PAPERBACK BECAUSE IT'S MISSING MANY PAGES OF REFERENCE PHOTOS WHICH THE TEXT OFTEN REFERS TO AND CLAIMS ARE VERY IMPORTANT FOR UNDERSTANDING. Thus, you will NOT have a complete picture of the topic and will be paying for an incomplete book.
Long story, but I used to be a huge fan. I was excited to read this book, but when I did, I realized that the majority of the stories have been told by her in interviews or on her HBO special. I probably should've just skimmed it in Barnes and Noble.
Too much cause and investigation. Not enough plane crash. Read LAST NINE MINUTES MOIRA JOHNSTON AVON 1978
Gave it two stars only because the condition of my book is terrible. It's basically falling apart. However, the context in the book is pretty neato and I highly recommend taking a culture class.
This is a dramatization. Not done well. Some voices so ugly that they cannot be understood. Would rather hear the book read.
Not an intermediate type coloring book. I bought this one and the other one from the same company for kids. They are virtually identical. My grand daughters were happy. I was not because the two books listed as being different were nearly identical.
This book is written well for kids. However, it refers to the colors in the pictures but the pictures are all in black and white. Kind of aggravating.
The problem with all of the traveling coloring books is they are full size images shrunken to a smaller size. This makes it almost impossible to get into all the tiny spaces even with fine liner pens.
Great idea and format, but lacks answers to exercises. The book consists of 40 exercises (hands) for the reader/student to work through, defining hand ranges for actions and one's own strategy. The problem is that there are no answers provided. Of course there is no single answer for any of the problems, but a baseline set of answers, for comparison if nothing else, is really needed here, imho. I believe that the intent is for the reader to join the author's online forum to compare and discuss solutions there (I hope the author will clarify, if I am wrong about that).
Think someone may have taken this as I never received it!
Didn't assist me and I didn't care for it.
The overall story was thought provoking and a window into another culture but I don't think all the masturbation talk was necessary, especially not for a children's book.
Book came with writing through out as well as highlighting and bad binding. Contacted customer service to make sure they mark not to charge me when time comes to return.
I kind of got these for nostalgic purpose but they're not how I remember. The questions asked dont really relate to the 2 year old age group without having some understanding of the character himself. The cards dont really catch my childs attention except to rip them or flip them around
Too much reading and not enough pictures as an exercise book which is what I Expected. I'm still waiting for the refund.
Not a good book. I wasn't interested in any recipes, tons of grammar and spelling errors, and lots of it was not "Mediterranean" (red meat, etc). It just is not written well nor did I find instructions clear, reminded me of notes vs a cookbook proper.
There is a reason they did not do The bible 2 I'm going to slide it into someones mail box and never think about it again.
Ordered this book as a gift NEW. The book came a bit beat up especially on the corner, with a sticker on the back that says, "Used Very Good." and it has clear tape on the corner. Hard to use as a gift
It's a good workbook but I expected more pages.
its ok not what i thought it would be
Very strange recipes, among a few good ones.
Love these cards but I'm missing several. I'm so bummed.
This is a GREAT concept but they are hard to read and too small. If you can order one with darker ink or one that is larger than 3x3, go that route!
Not what I expected. Many repeat activities for the colors. Was also hoping for more resources in the appendix.
I wasn't expecting it to be hard-core but it was very very flimsy fitment was a little bit off it's literally designed just for show not any actual production
This book is not really written for young readers. My daughter loved the illustrated Usborne version of Shakespeare's plays, and asked for more Shakespeare. I bought her this book, but it just isn't written for kids. It didn't hold her interest, even though she tried.
Item arrived very fast but cover is scratched and some pages are damaged, without damage to mailing package.
If you are looking for a recipe for Korean chile-braised brisket with kimchi coleslaw with a prep time of 2 hours and 30 minutes, plus at least an hour for marinating, this is the cookbook for you. A little hard to correlate that with the book's title however. There is a distinct Asian "flavor" to many recipes--Indian butter shrimp, Thai coconut clams, Vietnamese caramel salmon, Japanese beef curry. You get the idea. Incidentally, the Japanese beef curry calls for 24 ingredients, the Indian butter shrimp, 20 ingredients. I was looking for a recipe book which would allow me to prepare quick dinners using my Instant Pot--isn't that why you buy an instant pot in the first place? With long cooking and prep times, and long lists of ingredients, this book isn't what I was looking for. The title--Dinner in an Instant--is a complete misrepresentation of the recipes provided.
This book had some funny parts but all in all not what I was hoping for.
I had to return this. There were smudges on the front cover that couldn't be removed, the top corner of the spine was torn and stickers on the front and back cover looked old and dirty.
It's a nice cover, but I received mine with the slip pocket on the wrong side. It was on the front cover, not the back as listed. Returning it the same day I received it.
The book did a pretty good job of explaining the diet, but there were no online calculators to accompany the book to figure out how many calories, fats, carbs, protein, you need. It just had formulas. Also, this is not really a book to get you started on the diet; it's more like background information.. The recipes in the book are few and the 28 day meal plan has no accompanying recipes!
My son loves this book (This is his 2nd one because he wore out his first one). As soon as I took this one out of the package the sound bar came off of the book panel.
Not nearly as entertaining as the movie. Would not have bought it if I knew this
Disappointed! I bought this book because my daughters teacher is using this same book so I figured it be great if she has the book at home to practice. So I scanned book thru Amazon and it quickly popped up but this book is not the same- it's missing one song that my daughter is practicing. I only gave it 2 stars because it has the rest of the songs. Song missing is Ode to Joy.
THIS IS FOR MY DAUGHTER AND I RECEIVED IT IN THIS CONDITION AND WHEN FINISHED IT WILL BE RETURNED IN THE SAME CONDITION.
Product was damaged when we received it. Even though I ordered a new copy instead of used and paid more for a new one.
I was already not sure about this series after vol 1 and the addition of gotham and gotham girl. I hesitantly got this one to see if the story would get any better, it didn't. I literally had to go back and re read vol 1 cause i thought that i had missed something, nope the story is just really that all over the place. I won't be buying vol 3. the only pro i have is the relationship between batman and catwoman.
Book is not for new candle makers.
Large print. Not what I wanted
Love this story, but the book cover is damaged and several pages are sticky.
I bought this item because it was listed as brand new. This was very untrue. The item came shrink wrapped, but it was rewrapped. The book had damaged binding, light fraying to corners, some page wrinkle, and scratches all over the front and back. I have yet to go through to check for all of the pages...
Two points: (1) You can save yourself a lot of time by simply reading the back cover of the book, as that states his arguments in a concise manner and is easy to follow. (2) For someone who makes the argument that social media is turning us all into “a-holes,” the author spends a great deal of time slamming Donald Trump. Which is great, I suppose, if you hate Donald Trump and daydream about another Clinton presidency, but if you are on “the other team,” so to speak, this kind of polarizing rant makes you want to send the book back for a refund. Yeah, Donald Trump may have some character flaws, but the tech industry is overwhelmingly liberal, so if you don't like what tech has done to Americans, look at yourself.
There isn't much to the plot, and the main character isn't developed very well. The writing is fine, there's just not much to the story.
I bought this product as “new”, but received it and there Is a visible crease in the cover. This book has either been used or damaged during processing.
Despite all the pages it doesn't even cover some basic stuff (like how to delete a text, where the description just didn't work) - very disappointing
The language was convincing and author provided great imagery; however, I found myself wondering until the last chapter when it was going to pick up or pull together. I really wanted this to get more interesting, but it didn't.
This is specifically about my order. I requested a new book, and received one that, though it did not have writing, had wear and stickers on the back. It was clearly NOT a new book. I added a star because Amazon's customer services assisted in damage control, but the retailer that sold this book is selling books in "good" or "very good" condition as "new." Just be aware that, if you want a new book, plan ahead, as you may have to return worn books to get the new one you paid for.
I guess if you like Watts OK but mostly boring, and the guy has been revealing secrets of the universe which are really pretty obvious in any case Rates 5 on the Meh-meter
This book was such a disappointment! I was expecting a fashion history. After all, that is what the book's title claims. Sadly, what little historical information that is offered is cursory. The book's focus is primarily on the past couple hundred years and even these descriptions are superficial at best. I have donated my copy of this book to Good Will.
This novel deals with prejudice in a simplistic and heavy handed way more appropriate for children. It is a sort of allegory without any realistic development of characters. Not worth the time for an adult reader.
I thought the Potions are silly as the author intended but I thought the ingredients would sound weird and at times gross more like the potions in the books.
Surprised that this book won awards..... Some funny scenes.... But LESS is NOT MORE....
The author gives ideas to remedy specific issues but never gives an easy to follow menu plan. I feel like when you purchase a book about a diet, it should help you get started with that diet with specific menus for each day.
Very disappointing. No index, no pictures, very few recipes that interest me. If I had flipped thru this in a bookstore, I wouldnt have bought it.
The quality of the cards is poor. Many of the cards had little tears in them.
This was purchased as one of the gifts for my Grandsons birthday. It's one of the best of the series, The Silver Eyes gives depth to/ rounds out the background story. Yes I would recommend buying this book. I hope your copy shows up in better condition than this one did.
My daughter and I were very excited to do this activity together. It's beautiful and easy to follow but unfortunately the stickers don't really stick. By the time you're halfway through, the stickers you places and the beginning are curling up. I even tried putting a heavy book on top overnight hoping theyd stick but no luck.
This is a blues album. A lot of harmonica. Not my cup of tea. Should have paid more attention to it. I have all the other Stones stuff. Big fan.
Hard to get into it. Have not been able to finish it. May try again later.
Seems to be more about author personal life then getting directly into the facts of how profiling came directly about. His ego also tends to be read into (I could care less) great show on Netflix!
This is a huge book and only 3 pages are dedicated to positions it's not at all what was expected. This is not a book for explaining and improving sexual prowess this is a book explains philosophy etc I wish I knew that before buying because the description is misleading.
Disappointed. Not sure what I expected.
Not impressed by photo selection. Image quality is generally poor. Anybody can muse on someone else's photos.
A little too small. The pages are hard to turn because they are too snug to the rings.
Repeated info, save your money.
This is more how the book came. The Book is bent. I would never buy a book like this.
Book was poorly packed and as a result the paper cover had a lot of wrinkles. You can see in the picture how it was
Clicker is Fine but the seller did not ship priority when i paid $7 for priority I needed it for class days ago and got it almost a buisness week later. The package said they only paid 3.75 for shipping. Dont bother paying for quicker shipping this store will scam you for $3 more dollars.
It is a funny book, but the coloring pages are very thin and don't hold up well to coloring which somewhat defeats the purpose. If this is only for a gag gift then it's great but if you actually plan to color it I'm sure there are better books out there
When I make a quilt from a pattern, I like to have a full size color photo of it. This book is 99% black and white with random sized color photos of the quilts - folded or the shots imposed onto each other - no full size view of the quilt - within the book. The ONLY quilt that is full page color is Hanging Gardens and it is with the Butterfly Blooms pattern. Very disappointing. In my opinion, they went on the cheap print wise and charged full price. I will not purchase from them again.
rental book in very bad shape
I ordered this book based on the good reviews. The reviews mainly said the photos in the book were good. I'm honestly very disappointed with purchase and feel like I wasted $13. The photos don't really show much at all. A lot of the photos are way too zoomed in and you don't get a feel for what the whole plant looks like. There has to be a better book out there. I'm going to return this book.
This is such a cute book, but the paper is awful. I use prismacolor premier pencils and was unable to lay down any smooth colors. Gave up on the first page and gave the book to my little girl.
I find the material useful, interesting to read, and updated., but there are some examples of elementary students that do not apply to 7th - 12 Grades. I just changed my review to 2 stars, because I was promised some material if I wrote a good review. I never got anything, and I don't like that they didn't fulfill their word, or that they trick you to write a review.
It's amazing how I chose 2 day shipping but it took a week... hmmm that's amazing
The images to be colored in are extremely small on the pages. I gave it to someone else that also has a doxie.
This book could have been 3 chapters long, it was too wordy and poorly written. I just couldn't get into this book. I forced myself to finish it only because it was our Nov. book for book club . The general consensus at our book club meeting was the same as my opinion here. Characters would start to develop and so would an interesting story then Sparks just dropped them like a sack of potatoes. All in all this book was a complete let down. I wouldn't recommend reading it.
Quite disappointed, as a long time Stephen King fan. This book was so short, it was more like a chapter long in a REAL book. I literally was able to read it in one day! The way it's advertised is deceiving.
I was disappointed & Did't finish the book. Passed it on. Felt it was not universal & too race specific.
It was more words than pictures- maps weren't very complete
should have been called Gardens of the Zzzzzzz because it's so boring. There are much better fantasy series out there.
Over priced repeats things too much. Over priced
Good book but full of highlights that make it distracting to try to read.
not enough details of how to make the simple things, like toast
Bought for online class using ISBN given by class professor in program and the code did not work. Returning for a refund as I had to buy elsewhere. Giving 2 stars b/c it was delivered quickly. Otherwise wrong info for the class!!
I wish this book had the amount of calories and the approximate time it takes to make each recipe. That's the only thing deterring me from making anything. Everything looks like a science project to make
It's OK.too many snakes not enough activities.
Read it in high school, and once was enough.
I had so high expectations regarding this book that once I was so disappointed when I started reading it, It is more like a Brief STORY of HUMANKIND or HIS STORY OF HUMANKIND. There are actually NO technical DATA to support what the writer is expressing, it is more like Yuval is expressing his own opinions (which is not bad) but sorry in my opinion this book does not fall under a Historic point of view.
It was too expensive.
dvd was really bad representation of how eyebrows should be drawn...Scary!!! I would never give this book as a teaching aid to my students.
The illustrations are stunning. If you're looking for a visually appealing book with illustrations capturing America's Pacific Northwest beauty, you won't be disappointed. This book is a work of art. However, my kids don't get it. My 4-year-old said, “I like the boat and the monster friend, but what was that about?” My 7-year-old explained in 1st grade terms that there is not a storyline here. I doubt we'll read it again. Sometimes it seems like a children's book was written for adults. This is one of those times. The poetic rhythm of the words was fun for me. We all loved the illustrations. But a picture book that kids can't follow just doesn't make it into the read again and again pile.
Maybe the recipes in here are good, but I couldn't get past the typos. The table of contents doesn't reference the correct pages. The book looks home made.
Was missing some pages
Unfortunately the book was labeled “new” but all 4 corners were damaged - like it had been dropped on all four corners. The cover was also damaged. I would have preferred to pay a “used” price for this book. Otherwise the instruction inside the book on drawing heads and hands is excellent. The book mostly focuses on heads, so if you're looking more for hand instruction I might recommending trying another book. The book covers a lot on proportions and different expressions.
Several years ago I bought this recipe book and have loved it. I recently bought a second as a gift for my daughter. I am filling it with my recipes. The 3 rings are about 1/2 the size as the original one I bought. I have laminated all the recipes and can only get about 1/2 as many pages as in the original recipe book. I don't understand why the manufacture made the rings smaller. I am very disappointed.
Great book style for young boys, not grown men.
Loved the organization of the book--by pitch. But seemed kind of thin. Certainly not worth 10 cents/page.
The service and shipping process was great. The book however not so much. This book was ment for a higher reading level than what the show is trying to attract. Not good for a 2 year old.
We've tried several recipes and they have been great. You generally need a lot of spices for these great dishes. As others have stated, the book is very small and the font is even smaller. It is difficult to read. The paper seems like something from the recycling center! The recipes in this book deserved a great presentation. But that did not work out.
Is this a nice book replica, Yes, is there obvious work put into it? Yes. Does the Seller have the permission to sell the book commercially? I dont think so. I was messaged by the Graphic designer/ creator of these book covers(also the God creates dinosaurs cover) when i posted pics of the books on instagram. Apparently the amazon seller bought non commercial rights to the book covers on etsy and the few pages of writing inside and printed them for commercial use. I believe thats a breach in the purchasing contract between the amazon seller and the artist. Don't support stolen art!
It's been so long since the last book in this series I'd forgotten the history with the characters. Generally, an author would provide some sort of quick recap but that didn't happen here. The story was somewhat lacking. Appropriate back story on the bad guy was completely lacking. Oh and the book ended as if the author was told all of a sudden to "warp it up" so we really just skipped the ending and an actual explanation regarding quite a few things. This was really disappointing.
The idea behind this cookbook obviously sounded like a good idea or I would not have purchased it. The recipes sounded yummy and looking through the book they look like they would be amazing. Then I started trying them. I am competent and experienced baker and I could not get these recipes to work. I tried. It's frustrating when you know what you are doing in the kitchen and you set about to make something and it does not work. I tried 5 different recipes. One came out as promised. If I were a new baker or someone without experience I would look to that but I have been a this too long. A couple of the recipes (I'm looking at you Pumpkin Pie Cookies) I knew going in that the recipe just didn't look right but I figured it was in the cookbook so .... I give it the two stars because I have not tried every recipe in the book and the Chocolate Coffee Cookies are pretty awesome
a good reference book for civil engineering practice. but don't invest too much time studying using this book. the example problems are not representative of the actual exam and some are misleading as well.
Product is as described. Only thing is it recommends a few items that are very dangerous for babies (crib bumpers is an example). Maybe it's just “older” book. I wouldn't recommend it .
I ordered a NEW book, which I clearly did not get. I decided to pay the extra however many cents to get a new one, just because, yet I received a clearly used or very poorly handled book. The front cover is creased, scratched, and has a few indents. There is clear wear around the edges of the front and back cover, and the back cover is also creased in the back. Very disappointed in how the book looks on the outside!! However, when I flip through the book, all of the pages seem to be intact and not damaged so that's good!!
I guess it was informative, but it had no depth, no emotion. Just bland information easily obtainable online.
Grossly incomplete. More of an intro to the history and games.
Not as thick and informative as suggested. Somewhat of a glorified pamphlet. Could have googled all the information given.
The book started if exciting, and as I continued it became boring. it Was a book more of interviews
I really really really wanted to like this cook book, and I just don't. I am a big Whole 30 fan, and being a new Momma I am all about easy and quick, but the recipes in here that I have tried just have really bad technique. For example, you should never sauté with sesame oil! It's a finishing oil with a really low smoke point. And I love a good homemade vinaigrette but as other reviewers have said, it's just not necessary to have so many salad recipes...it's salad!
Uggh, I can't believe I bought this book. It was a recommendation from a co-worker and I got a low price on a used copy, but now I know why it was so cheap. The writing is almost unreadable, the drawings look like they came from a middle schooler, and there's just not much I can recommend. If you're seriously a creative trying to survive in corporate America, you won't find the answers you need in this navel-gazing tragedy.
Good but the price is higher than I expected!
Really not applicable to my life but enjoyed the book that goes with this journal
The book is what it describes, a book with flaps and it's all jokes. What was sad is you spend all that money, and the noises aren't even noises the characters make. It's just cheap generic music and sounds, not actually the characters.
Have you ever been annoyed by someone trying to be extra witty by being too clever by half? Now expand that annoyance to book length. The book is trying to be fun and witty, but mostly ends up being cringy. If you like cutesy attempts at being witty, you'll love this book.
Less pragmatic than expected. Wouldn't buy it if I had a chance to flip through it.
Not a great book. This book should have been a long blog post. Kris constantly plugs his supplement line in this book. He dedicated an entire chapter to talking about each supplement he has on the market. Not a lot of useful information for the heavier athletes. I would have liked a complete breakdown of the race, his average times etc. instead, he tells you when he uses his supplements. He doesn't really get that in depth with it. Overall, kinda dissapointed. I've heard most of what he said in this book on interviews he's done on YouTube.
Great book but water damage on all the pages. Very disappointing.
This book was hard to read, too wordy and after the first couple chapters it was difficult to stay interested in it. I only finished it because we were reading it for book club, but I did a lot of skimming.
App is no longer available if you have a up to date apple product they haven't bothered keep it updated. Yet they still advertise it.
Some interesting things but overall NOT WORTH IT
Poor quality. The pages were poorly cut with a guillotine
It is a great pocket reference . It goes to the woods with every trip . Well put together
I was so excited to give this book as a gift, but the person who delivered it threw it in my front yard towards my dog instead of leaving it under the mail box or in the mail box where my dog would not reach it. This resulted in the destruction of the book. I was devastated because I wanted to give my friend this book before she goes back to college. Ive been trying to contact Ups and now this is my last attempt at a refund because I dont know what to do. I just want my money back or a new book.
My son loves dinosaurs, he loves cookies, and he loves scratch-n-sniff so this was a no-brainer. Too bad it's such a dumb story and only has a few scratch-n-sniff. It should be better than it is.
Small pages, pictures go into the spiral margin, flimsy paper, would not recommend.
Very repetitious, all pretty much the same but with a slightly different "twist"
I purchased this calendar because I thought the artwork looked interesting and because of it being titled Modern Witch. Imagine my disappointment when I find none of the Pagan holidays shown. The Moon phases are shown and the traditional Jewish and Christian holidays were labeled, along with the civil holidays for the US, England, Australia, and New Zealand. I am very disappointed. I would return the calendar, but the cost is simply not worth the resources. I gave it two starts because I do like the artwork, but feel it is incomplete as a calendar aimed at witches or Pagans..
I just thought the conversion from textbook to e book was poor. The organization of the information is better laid out on the textbook. However, all of the information is still there. Also for being an e book it was hardly cheaper than the regular book
Nothing new here folks. Nothing about using knives except a few how to knife fight tidbits. Very disappointed but at least it was cheap.
I purchased the book in October, put it away, and had planned to begin reading it with my kiddos on December 1st. Today is day 1. I opened the book and the first 9 pages are already coming detached. To late to return/replace. Boo!
Unsympathetic main characters, highly overrated by professional book reviewers.
The story is just OK, not great, it was slightly disjointed. I expected more because I loved Charlaine Harris' Sookie Stackhouse series.
Not all that practice for your average busy person living in America. Very time consuming recipes. There are rituals for each Sabbat, food recipes and a hand full of drinks. No mention of anything else.
Cute, but expensive!
It's too lengthy. Getting tired as I read it. There are some good points the author raised though.
The book we previously read was awesome so wanted the book on CD to hear him read it himself. It is not easy t access and didn't realize that when I bought it.
I felt that the organization of the book was not the most effective layout. When trying to see all sites that are within one country, you have to flip all around the book. The sites are organized based on date instead of country which for me was inefficient.
I have listened to every Howard Stern show since 1997. This book was nothing but a series of excerpts from interviews that I already heard. Very disappointed in Howard for taking advantage of his fans this way. I would only recommend this book to people who have not listened to Howard Stern very often.
So basic and not really helpful or valuable info at all. I found more by googling.
arrived late and the book not good enough !!!
I was very disappointed that there was not a lasagna or spaghetti recipe in the book. Instead it focused on off-beat dishes. I personally think the book is a waste of money.
The change of co-author makes a big difference in the character and style of the Bennett series. I've read all of the previous books and this one is quite disappointing. The main character is not as likable, resorts to mild vengeful violence and sarcasm. Too much religious mumbo jumbo that was unnecessary to the story. This new direction is sad.
It's A MUST read book by one of the best contemporary newcomer-writer in Russia. Author placed her fiction heroes, nice ordinary people, in real cruel life in pre-war Russia. It's not GULAG - but it's gulag-like life. It's impossible to live - but they live, and fight, and love, and they win! *** Saying this, I need to mention that the book is very difficult to read. Very strange paperback edition by PRINCETON Publishing (I believe) - big non-standard format, non- bendable; no illustrations of course. Looks like the publisher goal was to save money - and that's it (although book isn't cheap). I quit the book in the very beginning, and switched to KINDLE edition. I DO NOT recommend the book - use kindle edition, which gets my FIVE STARS
Did not come with the dvd that is suppose to come with the book
Both my husband and I rent books through Amazon for our classes and have never had a problem..... until now. This book is labeled as being in “good” condition. If this is truly “good” I don't want to see anything less than this quality. Now I want to make sure Amazon sees it was received in this condition and not from being in my possession when this is sent back. Will probably continue to rent through Amazon just sad about this one.
Great book!!! However, when I got in the front was all ripped and damaged from the shipping. It was package very well.
The book arrived with the front ripped. It was a gift and so looked bad
Love the calendar... hate that it took a month to get to me.
Not worth it for the price, poor quality for 8.00 l expected something better made. Would not buy it again.
I ordered 2 copies of this book. One copy came nicely wrapped in cellophane; the second copy had bent covers, black scratch marks, lower binding broken. I was very disappointed because one copy was for me and the second as a gift. I am returning the damaged copy. I enjoy writing good reviews; but no one would accept a copy as damaged as what was sent to me. And I hope more thoughtfulness goes into the next delivery. Thank you
Book arrived with pages falling out of it.
way to complicated and like using a treasure map
To each his own, to me its a twisted rant, like someone who goes on and on and on from one subject to the next ...
First deck. My friends and I didn't like the long drawn out and repetitive explanations. We couldn't connect with them either.
Pages in this book are missing...
Difficult to use. Did not suit my particular style of planning.
The novel itself is masterfully crafter, and one of the bet books I have ever read, but this print of the novel is obscenely large in its dimensions. It feels more like a textbook than a book for reading or analysis. The book itself has very thin, densely packed pages, and the binding of the books leaves lot to be desired. It is honestly difficult to read since how poorly made the book is, and I would suggest all to look into other versions of this great novel.
Nice but The manufacturer could at least put the decal stickers on for you ended up returning due to stickers starting to want to come off
I found this book hard to follow and it didn't work for me.
I hate to say Not Good. It's OK, but it's 3 different stories in one. I thought I was buying one story. I'll finish it, but not at all happy with this purchase.
The book is in fine condition, but I'm really upset about the quality of the dust cover. For a "new" book at full hardcover price, you'd expect the dust cover to not look crunched up, torn, water-damaged and generally in extremely poor condition...
The illustrations show a bit muddy, but because I have a previous knowledge, I was able to understand what the drawings were to convey.
Did not take in consideration that information could be outdated in terms of recipes. We have progressed tremendously in holistic, vegetarian and vegan living, and this includes food preparation. I will more than likely retune this product.
Book came very quickly and for the most part is in good shape. However, the front cover is slashed, as if by a razor blade.
Received a book that looks used. Very pissed. 🤨
Great idea but too difficult to read. Would have helped to end each chapter with a positive idea to move forward.
Lots of grammar problems, recipes are mediocre. Not my favorite.
Not much to say. Started off interesting but became bored midway through reading!
I really loathed Julia, she was self-centered and horrid. Dave was an okay guy, but his actions were too stereotypical of a teenage boy who can't keep his pants on when he was with Julia, so his good character was tainted.
The don't provide you with audio. The book is useless without. I gave it 2 stars only because it was well written but again with no guided meditation it's pointless. Plus they keep deleting my review.
Very flimsy. I thought this would be made of plastic as it needs to last 16 months. I bet the cheap paper won't last it until the end of the year.
Hurried illustrations to get a book on the shelf. I wish they had picked a different illustrator and given them more time.
Book is great, but it took over a month to get to me. Poor communication. I had to contact the seller to get information on the delay rather then letting me know there was a problem.
It was older and more marked up than advertised
The book is helpful enough, but in the practice sections at the end of each chapter, it asks you to solve problems using formulas and jargon that it didn't go over in the chapter being tested. This makes these exams incredibly frustrating and takes away from the overall experience of studying since you become overly occupied with these problems, causing you to lose sight of the others. The book is relatively cheap so I guess you get what you pay for in this regard.
I wanted this book for a long time; I ordered a used copy at a great price. The recipes are complicated for your average, everyday cook. Lots of small amounts of ingredients, spices you have to look for at specialty stores, etc., focus on weight watcher points. It does have a lot of Oprah stories, but if you've been a fan for 25+ years, you already know them all. I'll keep it because it was cheap, but I doubt I will make many of the recipes, except for some of the salads.
Was a Christmas gift for my nice. The pages were covered imprints of the pages before it. Very disappointing.
Tiny print. The actual text takes up about half the page. I won't be able to read it. Would have been nice to know prior to ordering.
I was very disappointed in this book. If you would really like to learn about this subject, I suggest getting the complete book, not the summary. There just isn't enough information to completely explain the concept in this small summary.
I like this book but there was packaging glue on the book
the doll is ok but not what i expected book is a joke
I was so very sad to return this book, because my Daughter absolutely loves it. But, after a few reads, the binding completely fell apart and the pages started to separate out. I want another one :( But it seems that others have reviewed poorly for the exact same reason.
My toddler loves Duck & Goose but this story is weak at best, boring, and doesn't keep her interest for few pages it contains.
Not interesting o most kids I tested on.
Does not include all Marvel movie characters like Fantastic Four or TV characters. Hope they will do better next edition
Too much advertising. It was too much information. I ended up using the gps.
Some of the letters didn't have any paper in between them to write names/addresses. Wouldn't purchase again.
Beautiful artwork, but should have listened to other reviewers about the quality. Out of the box, my cards were peeling and scuffed. Bent cards and flaky borders. A ruined opportunity for a beautiful deck. Returned as damaged. Will not reorder. Absolutely hate the Hermit card! So tiny... can't hardly see him.
I grew up loving th We books and was very excited to get the collection for my daughter. We ordered this twice and returned both because the box came damaged each time, which is a shame.
I love the idea of this series but, saddened that so often this book style arrives torn. I don't know if it is the style by which Amazon stores them or the shipping technique (mine arrived in a huge box with only one small piece of puff plastic) but, they usually arrive damaged. Either the corners are smashed or the decorative pieces of paper are damaged on the cover because, they are loose so easily can become damaged when being banged around in a huge box without any protection. Amazon will often ship books in thick envelopes, either padded or just very very tight envelopes around the book and those books never arrive damaged. I'm assuming the thickness of this style makes it impossible. I ended up ordering 3 and returning them because, they all arrived smashed up. Sadly, had to resort to going up to my local book store and hand selecting one myself. Besides that the book itself is incredible. It keeps my toddlers' attention. With lots of manipulatives, they are in book heaven.
Not impressed. The story wasn't what I expected. Not like the where's spot book. Eh.
Does not follow the methodology Kumon has become known for. If you are looking for an incremental concept-based workbook that is associated with Kumon, this is not it. This workbook is like the math worksheets that your child is already probably bringing home from school, where the worksheet jumps from one type of problem to another (i.e., a couple of counting money problems, then a couple of telling time problems, and etc.) That s fine if that is what you want, but it is not the Kumon methodology. The cover touts that it tracks the math curriculum that is popular in schools, and this workbook seems to be a concession to current American math curriculum. We already have tons of workbooks like this one, so I will be sending this back.
Lots of interesting info. Unfortunately the front cover is the only picture with color and everything within is black and white. While the descriptions are good, the most important thing is color pictures for the entry level tech to study for manual differentials. Some cells have a similar physical appearance, so staining differences can help identify different cells.
I needed a new notebook for bullet journaling and I should have known the price was too good to be true. It bleeds pretty bad so I had to order a new journal mid month. Now I'll have to figure out how to transfer what I did get done.
Same as the first version
Funny book with cool pictures, but pretty low quality. Looks like it was an at-home print job on thin paper. Also there is a huge crease going across the entire book, but that could've happened during shipping.
Not interesting enough to me to finish. The story took a really long time to get started and the characters felt flat to me.
I bought a used one and it was in very good condition but unfortunately they sent me the wrong book, I ordered USMLE Step 1 Q&A and they sent me step 2 ck, waited and wasted my time.
These are great beginner books. 2 stars because they were shipped “brand new” but arrived with broken spines. They need to be shipped in something more sturdy so they are not folded in transit.
Doesn't deal with complicated age differences or anything but the basics.
Hard to understand many of the words in the book
This was a book club book. I did not enjoy it and I think the ending was very abrupt and did not really come to any conclusion as to what happened to Washington Black.
Not a good read. A lot of words that really don't add up; and the author is a bit too wordy-- goes off subject a bit too much for me.
No marker included. Book looks used.
Really faint/light squares making it harder to see/use. Another product purchased at the same time [different vendor] has much easier to read squares. If you need faint squares, this is the product for you.
Just a fold out laminated pamphlet. For 8 bucks I expected a lot more. Very little info.
The book is attractive but there are few recipes that I'm even interested in trying.
When I purchased these books, I thought that they were new, as in never before opened or read; however that was not the case. The clear wrapping was a mess, the box was damaged on the corners, and 3 of the 12 books had creases as if they had been opened. I want expecting a collector's edition, I was just expecting to receive something that I would've purchased at maybe Target. Inside the box along with the book set was the air bubbles When I purchased these books, I thought that they were new, as in never before opened or read; however that was not the case. The clear wrapping was a mess, the box was damaged on the corners, and 3 of the 12 books had creases as if they had been opened. I wasn't expecting a collector's edition, I was just expecting to receive something that I would've purchased at maybe Target. Inside the box along with the book set was the protective air bubble packing, so I dont believe the damage occurred during delivery.
Disappointed in not having pictures, to see what you will end up with.
Disappointed in this book. Many patterns were either a version of ones in earlier books or ones you see online all the time.
Definitely not for the beginner. I Returned it with no problems whatsoever I just found it much more complicated than it sounded. There is a lot of information if you are far enough along to understand it.
My kids like the series, but the binding on every so how one is terrible! We got this particular book today, and hours later pages are already falling out.
This book didn't say anything different than any other nutrition guide for weight loss. Well, except for Bob's uppity tone.
I was really loving this until I got to disc 21 and there are no readings. Music abd background sounds only. What a dissappointment as it is blasphemy to add or remove from the bible. Disc 44 the proverbs are mislabled.
I have really tried to like this cookbook. I've used it consistently for about a month and the majority of the recipes are not very flavorful. My children hate the dinners. Will be looking elsewhere.
I was very excited to get this deck. My daughter bought it for me for Mother's Day. The bubble envelope was fine, but the box must have been squished in transport. The box is damaged. I keep all of my cards in their original boxes. This is important to me. Very disappointed in the shipping method.
It got into more technical terms of the industry not the computer program. I need it for a class and then the teacher did not use it.
Given the many glowing reviews, I was disappointed in this cookbook. I think it substitutes quantity for quality. Most of the recipes are either unhealthy or unappetizing or both. I was also disappointed in the lack of photos, since I find that photos help motivate me to try new recipes. I bought this before I bought my Instant Pot, and I will need to buy another cookbook in order to get motivated to take my new IP out of the box.
I loved her novel, The God of Small Things, but I didn't like this one. None of the characters seemed likable, so I didn't care enough to keep reading. Also seemed like political propaganda at times.
Over 50% of the cards contained unimportant or outdated info, but they were a good study tool for things you may not have learned in class. They did help with some Quiz Bowl topics if you're interested in competing in that
I don't understand how this has such good reviews. The story has a neat premise and the visuals are great, but the actual story is terrible, its choppy to read, and its short. Overall, don't buy this one.
I'm grieving myself and I guess I thought this book would be helpful. Not so much. I guess she provided some insight into what grieving people go through but it was a little too heavy for me.
Image of the book cover on the site did not match the image of the book received. Would be better to accurately show what the customer will receive if ordered. Don't feel I got the item I ordered.
Disappointing. Rambling.
This book is first and foremost outdated. It is written with the concept of the internet as a new and somewhat distant thing, and for that alone it is rendered not practically useful today. Despite that, it has some useful bits of information. The book is over 300 pages, and it contains about less than 50 pages of useful info.
It was funnier when I was a child.
I read a lot! And I was not impressed with this book.
Most recipes call for Erythritol or Swerve. Both of these are artificial sweeteners that cause issues for me. If the recipes used other sweeteners I might give it a higher review. The only recipes that I can use in this book are the Savory ones. Not recommended for those allergic to artificial sweeteners.
The cover is pretty. But I've had it in my purse for a few weeks and it's not in a high traffic pocket and the binding is already coming undone. If I used it every day I could see that be justified but I don't.
Not in NEW condition. Disappointed as it was part of my son's bday present.
Not the best quality. Cover is very thin paper stock.
The title of this cookbook is deceptive. There are only about 60 recipes. If you want someone to tell you what food to eat for 1000 days this would be great, otherwise I would suggest finding a different cookbook.
This is a great set of books for emerging readers. Unfortunately, my box was missing one level F book (The Three Little Pigs) and had 2 copies of a higher level book.
Was not really my thing, but I wanted to try it
I love the never touch books but this one is my least favorite. It has the word hate in it so I have to keep reading doesn't appreciate to make it still rhyme. The rhymes are off and incorrect (rhyming Bye and by) and doesn't flow as nicely as the other books. My daughter still likes to play with the silicone pages though.
A lot of the pictures are grainy or blurry. Not the best quality and not many are very intricate like in many other adult coloring books
After reading reviews, I had high hopes, but this was stuff I'd already read online... Also, was disappointed to find that the photos were black and white. Goldendoodles are cute, and deserve to be seen in full color.
Organization didn't work for me. Making my own
This book could have been written in 20 pages. It is basically a "cookie-cutter" manual fluffed with lots of unnecessary psychology mumbo jumbo.
Very disorganized, and included a lot of information outside the focus of the exam. Also, the practice test included in the back has multiple editorial errors. For a $60 resource, I was disappointed.
I bought this “new” and theirs marks all over it and scratches all on the front. For that, I could have gotten the book on eBay used cheaper.... 😞
I am not sure how this can ever be described as poetry. A bunch of cliche, recycled memes; this is not poetry!
I paid a lot for this book and I got it in bad state, the book cover was damaged probably during the deliver.
Things I like: - Gives most of the common specifications. - Has a picture of the correct car on the front. Things I don't like: - Fails to list basic specifications, including: tire pressure and disc brake thickness. - Is filled with generic steps not specific to this vehicle. - Gives no overhaul procedures whatsoever for either the manual or automatic transmissions, but instead lectures generically about the difficulties. I didn't buy this to be told it's difficult, and anyone undertaking the task knows this already. If you've not worked on a car before, I'm sure it's useful. If you have, and you're interested in the specifics of your vehicle, you'll be disappointed. Haynes manuals of yesteryear didn't have such gross negligence, and paid impressive attention to detail, which is the point of buying the maintenance manual. With the wealth of information freely available online, it's likely I'll not purchase from Haynes ever again.
I did not love this book. It seemed overly far fetched and trying to hard to be a newer, fresher Sherlock Holmes. It seems as if the author tried way to hard to make Charlotte JUST like Sherlock with no unique characteristics of her own.
Cute book but only addresses biting on 1 page. This book should not be called No Biting. Disappointed in this purchase.
I wanted a book for my 10 yr old nephew to experiment on his own since he's a we'll read smart kid. This book is more of a guide for the adults to provide the experiment. I returned it. Looks like a good book for a teacher.
Disappointed in the quality of this book. It's very thin and not very sturdy.
Meh. I got this book because it was supposed to have this awesome twist. I guessed the “twist” halfway through the book. The one interesting thing about this book it that it is written in poem form. Too bad the actual story is nothing special. Would not but again.
I got this book because i had mentioned to a coworker I wanted something spooky to read. A few coworkers told me this was the book for me. Sadly, I did not enjoy it... The beginning was the best part as it droned on... I finished the book (not enthusiastically) but it is good if you have no UFO or alien beliefs. But set aside some time to decipher the ramblings through most of the book... sorry guys :/
I had my hopes up for another book as good as A Man named Ove" and this one fell short. I made it to the end - barely!
I don't know if the size of the book was mentioned on the description, but I wanted a full size book not a paperback size. The print is too small for me to read without glasses and I looked up some words and they were not in this dictionary. Am not real happy with it but am not gonna mess around with a return so am stuck with it.
Did not like the story. I know it was based on the 2012 case in NYC where the nanny killed two children. This book left too much unanswered about the aftermath of the killing. Also, not much depth to the writing.
This book was packaged in a padded paper bag. When we opened it up the corners of the book were badly damaged, smashed. This was very disappointing as this was purchased for a gift. I would reorder but it will probably come in the same type of packaging again.
I don't know which book these other reviewers read, but they probably read it in bias (friends of the author perhaps?). As another recent reviewer remarked, this book is incredibly meandering and disjointed. Plus it's just plain difficult to read because of the terrible formatting - the fonts are all wrong and too large making the book much larger that I actually should be. Printing in a normal font would make this book 1/2 the size. Also - all code is printed in double space, somewhat italicized font and for whatever reason (perhaps because I've been developing for over 20 years) it makes the code very difficult to read. Lastly - I don't like his choice of pseudo code to explain concepts. It would have been better to explain a concept such as Algorithmic Complexity using JAVA code, not the pseudo code as done in this book.
The book came in a box with many líquido recipients and some leaked and the book integrity is not well. Please send a new book
I'll start by talking about some positives. The book is full of very interesting and and actionable info. The perspective the author takes about actually exposing yourself to more (healthy) bacteria and changing the way we think about what we put in and around our bodies is potentially game-changing. I've implemented a decent amount of advice from this book and have seen nice improvements in my stomach/gut health. Now for the negative. Dr. Axe is INCREDIBLY unrealistic and unhelpful about how people can / should implement his advice. Dr. Axe is ridiculously strict on what you should be eating, even people who were already eating healthy diets will struggle to fully adapt to his recommended diet. He doesn't offer any advice on how to ween off of bad foods and slowly adapt to his diet, he just expects people to go cold turkey and completely change their diet to his recommended diet overnight. That is not sustainable. Sorry, but there's no chance people are going to go from eating fast food and other bad stuff every day to drinking warm homemade bone broth soup every morning, an organic salad for lunch and some other organic meal for dinner washed down with goat's kefir for dinner. Also, the amount of foods that are in the average person's diet that you must eliminate is challenging to say the absolute least. He needs to include a section or at least a few pages on how to gradually implement these things, because like I said, there's no way that everyone reading this book can just make these drastic changes and sustain them. The author also makes the assumption throughout the book that everyone who is reading his book is trying to lose weight. I get that many people today are obese, but not everyone is the same. Everyone has different metabolism and different baseline caloric needs. I personally have a very high metabolism and need 4300 calories per day to maintain my (healthy) weight. Dr. Axe's example meal plans contain like 1500-2000 calories, and he often says not too eat more than one serving of things like meat, fruit, and other foods. So, what exactly am I supposed to eat then? Because I don't need to lose weight and not sure why that is always assumed throughout the book. Another thing, completely changing your diet along with swapping all products in your house and everything else he recommends will be incredibly time consuming and expensive. Especially the diet part. Go to Whole Foods or any other store with his recommended diet products and take note of how expensive goat's kefir is, or organic grass fed steak, or anything else. Not only expensive, but you'll need to dedicate much more time now that you're cooking more and eating less processed, prepared foods. This isn't really a negative, but it's worth noting because some people just won't be able to afford it, and other's might not have the time for it. I wish Dr. Axe talked about these healthier alternatives he suggests and how much better they actually for you. For example, is cow's milk actually SO bad that I need to pay $10 per gallon for goat milk instead of $3 for cow's milk? Do I really need to make homemade Kale chips whenever I want a snack instead of just eating multi-grain chips ?
The promos sounded great, but I really haven't cared for what I have read so far. The style of day-by-day and character-by-character writing (without much connective filler) isn't my thing.
The shipping process was great. The book did not have enough information. For instance, Bowen's eight concepts, there are only five listed in the book. This book needs a major overhaul.
Hashimoto's thyroiditis stink. The concepts in this book are not completely practical and a lot of work.
I did not like this one. In fact, I got so tired of it that I read what I could, skipped to the end and gave it to someone else.
The order arrived quickly with binding in relatively good condition. However, the item was described as "new with only shelf wear". It is neither. It has a used sticker on back, writing inside, and looks like the book has been pushed down the stairs. Despite your typed request, I was asked not to leave sale feedback by some mentally unfortunate, obsessed individuals with a surveillance system.
Book drags on and on with few surprises or exciting points. Very difficult to finish.
The graphics are good. Had a comics calendar last year that gave good trivia which gave more information in the answer. This calendar gives the answer to the trivia question as brief as possible and no further details. Also I received it falling apart in multiple places even though the box was undamaged. Enjoying the art though, good job there!
Too much history in this book! It was like a school book! It needs more puzzles and solving word games
While it was interesting to learn about nutrition, this book had a lot of contradictory information in it that didn't match up to other medical texts I've studied. Just be careful and always use more than one resource, especially when it comes to diabetes and hypertension care.
Not all that helpful. In many cases, difficult to locate issues of interest. Often the specifics of what I was looking for were not included it seemed. Once in a while, it was helpful. A difficult book to put together, I'm sure, but this one is huge and disappointing.
I guess there are a few cute ideas, however, I was quite disappointed. There was next to nothing about creative page ideas at all other than an afterthought of a couple templates in the back of the book. The quality of the paper and photos is excellent, just lacking in much info for the price.
I bought this hoping that it would have up-to-date images and information. It looks like the book hasn't been updated since the 70s. Black and white pictures that are not great images to begin with and the material just seems very dated and very brief for what it is supposed to be covering.
I didn't like the superficial development of this character. The early part of the story set it up a little; but it fell apart in the middle of the story. I don't think that a lot of readers have the knowledge of weaponry and spy jargon. I don't think I'll pursue the sequel.
This edition does not include an index, which is integral to its use as a study aid. Additionally after comparing this edition to the older edition which I had checked out from the library to page through I was hard pressed to find any differences. Up until halfway through the book the page numbers even line up identically and after that are off by two pages. I returned this "new" edition and opted to buy the older one which includes an index.
I'd rather have bought two books I know are good over having a set of four that are underwhelming
I was very excited to read the follow up to The Wrath and The Dawn. However once I started The Rose and The dagger, I found the story slow, and boring for much of the book.
The letters are too small
While I have been able to make some delicious breads from this book, it has a lot of typos and wrong recipes in it. The Yogurt herbed biscuits obviously left out the oil so added an extra egg, 1/2 cup melted coconut oil and it worked. I also suspect that you don't nuke Quick and Easy muffins for 45 minutes. More like 45 seconds would likely work. Also Quick and East Feta and Cheese muffins is repeated on page 100 and 102. And you are instructed to follow first recipe for several others with different ingredients which then duplicates the first recipe mistake. I have only used the book so far for a few recipes so I'm sure there must be other issues. I've managed to make it work anyway by comparing recipes to other similar recipes.
Not well written, subject matter jumps around from paragraph to paragraph. There was no conclusion to the story.
This deck is very confusing.
Book was in decent condition for a rental. Sent the book back well before the rental due date and still was charged a late fee. Tried contacting amazon and the distributor with no luck.
This is a really cute book and my 1.5 year old was super excited to get it for Christmas. However after having it for only 2 days it already came apart! Disappointing.
This book is more about saving the planet than actual mending. While there are good points about the mending, the emphasis is on not wasting your resources.
Was not in the best condition and Electronic code has already been used!
Fit super small, I would order a size larger than what you usually get.
THIS BOOK IS HUGE. LITERALLY HUGE. It probably weighs over 5 lbs easily. Talk about a boatload of information. It's just way too much and I do not recommend this for anyone with any form of ADD/ADHD such as myself. However, if you're super serious about changing your body, this guy obviously knows what he's talking about. It's just way too much info for someone who is not that invested. Curse you Impulse buys !
The book was not in good condition as described. It was literally falling apart and the seller had duct tape all over it.
Not really a sewing book. More a story of her life book. Meh.
Was not familiar with author's writing style, more so with his appearances on TV, but I wish I would have been. I'm just a couple of chapters into it and it's been tough. Too many direct quotes for one thing. It's almost as if he's trying to show how much research he did and it is difficult to keep the narrative going. Inundated with information, which seems superfluous. I'm not sure what I expected, but this is not it. Vary disappointed, especially when compared with Toland, D'Este et al
There is way too much intro text to read each time and not nearly enough choices for this book. But it has great pictures.
I am missing cards like some of the other customers. I am very disappointed.
was not aware all journals were the exact same just different cover. a little unhappy about that!
Before you buy this, do some research on the man who translated it. He claims Jesus came to his room & gave him an assignment to rewrite the Bible while unlocking hidden meaning. Not cool. I was enjoying reading this translation with a grain of salt until I heard him say that. Many verses are completely changed & theological interpretation from the author mess up the true meanings. Definitely take this Bible as a interpretation- not as something to study. Anytime a translation is from one author, be discerning.
The cookbook has beautiful lay-out however, not every day friendly recipes. I would not recommend buying it.
The only thing that it might be good for is to hold yarn. The cloth is not very good, feels as it will rip with any tension applied to it
I have a sick child in my family....couldn't even begin this book. I believe anyone with my situation would want to know it's subject.
Binding was completely torn up and falling off! I'm not sure the book will last with 2 toddlers!
This is not for beginners! It is for experienced players from other genres who want to learn country. Go to guitar tricks to learn to play
Love the book, but it came beat up so I'm disappointed as it is a present for my husband.
Not impressed...not enough activities that are new
First of all, the idea of the emotions of the cook infusing the food is not new. It was borrowed from Like Water For Chocolate. But I could think of all kinds of fun things the author could have done with this to take the idea to a new level. But no. On top of that, the thing with the brother was not clear, the thing with the father went nowhere--two more big story opportunities left lacking. Just not a well written book. I stuck with it to the end hoping it would somehow come together but it ended up being entirely unsatisfying.
You will see that the rental option, and the used option both state access code not guaranteed. On the new option it does not state this, but when the confirmation comes through it states stand alone book, so the access code is not included. Book is in good condition, but buyer beware.
It came in used, poor condition. Maybe it was bought used but it wasn't I. excellent or good quality....it was dirty
Did enjoy the stories about her family, did not enjoy the Trump bashing.
Bad editing, no pictures, most of the recipes look unappetizing or break the Mediterranean Diet rules. Someone just threw this together and put a Mediterranean Diet intro on it, and not a very good one.
I will pay much more attention to calendars ordering in the future. While I love the photos, this calendar is frustrating functionally. It starts the week on Monday, not Sunday, which I presume most of us (certainly myself) are used to. Furthermore, many important dates are just MISSING, for instance, Mother's Day is not on this calendar. I would NOT buy again and NOT recommend.
It's been difficult to get thru this book... story interesting but the writing is not so good
Cover was gross but the book was fine
The tiles are very small and feel cheap. They look like what they are, cardboard glued to magnets. I work in the print industry and I could make my own and do a better job.
Book is good, but the hard back book corners we're damaged in shipping, could have been packed better to safe guard my product. However it did arrive on time as stated during ordering.
My daughter absolutely loved them, on bummer was that one broke when she went to wear it the first time.
I paid for the shipping my self. I should have received a full refund. Please adjust. I can't find any other way to contact you.
So far I've made 4 or 5 recipes from this cookbook and have to say that about half turned out to be good and the other half not so much. One was a complete disaster and waste of ingredients and I made sure to follow the recipe exactly. So overall I'm a bit disappointed in the quality of the recipes in this book.
I found the format difficult to use but I can see that if you can answer the questions without the standard multiple choice answers, this is a good resource and a good way to test your knowledge.
The title of the book is all about learning Python. But what it failed to highlight was, it is actually a book for the intermediate to advance users. The book is not structured for the beginner and often enough, if you are a beginner you will find your self lost in a maze of analogies and technical jargon. For example, the author tries to convey the best technique for sound programming in Python, but He goes off on a tangent and provided you with some other details of how not to program in Python. If you are a beginner, you will become lost, and won't be able to track back on some of these examples. At the end of the chapter, you will have to read it again in order to grasp a clearer understanding of how Python works. But then again, Python is all about simplicity, this book is not simple at all. The coding examples provided also does not provide you with enough details on real life and practical usage of how it is applied in the real world, and does not quite teach the beginner about its inner workings.
My book arrived with the cover ripped!
Guess I didn't realize these were all black and white. Wish they were colored.
I love the story but I can't stand the formatting. The publishers of this edition took no care in setting the line length and making sure it matched the page size.
The book itself is a great tool in weight loss. I would recommend it.
I read this material some years ago and loved it then. Now it seems wordy and old.
I am not sure why I thought there would be some writing/guide/stories, but it is a lined diary, with a cool cover, and that is all.
I could have written this online myself - not that much help in gathering thoughts. I paid for essentially nothing but a nice cover and perhaps the organization of information in one place.
Painstakingly verbose. It dragged on and on. But, it provided the author's thoughts on the perspective of the men who wrote the Declaration and events of the time.
Great informational guide BUT the recipes aren't allergy friendly. Dairy and eggs are required for most recipes, two very common allergens, especially for those looking to heal leaky gut.
Pretty basic information and difficult to function with the book and actually trying to do a session. Save yourself the frustration . Watch a video
This is my 4th Six Sisters Stuff cookbook and this one is easily my least favorite. The recipes seem so heavy - lots of frying, lots of high calorie/fat ingredients (cheese, pasta, cream). Actually, I love the dessert section in this book but probably for the same reason why I don't like the main dishes section (high caloric, high fat = yum!) My favorite of their cookbooks that I go back to lots is their "A Year With SSS".
Definitely not his best work. Grisham keeps you interested, even if the ending disappoints.
My daughter saved up to buy this book brand new, when we received it there was a small dent in the top side, and white marks in the cover. Overall, it doesn't effect the book too much, but I would have liked a more accurate description of the condition of the book.
The first half of this book is interesting and entertaing, but it was laborious to finish. It is as if the author had said what he wanted but kept writing. The topic is intriguing and very important, but this is not the vehicle i would want to send a message.
Gave this 3 stars because there are no pictures of the recipes. I need pictures. regretfully, I had to return it.
Had to buy it for school.
Honestly a lot of this book felt like fluff. The musical takes the theme and just goes crazy with it. The book is more like a slice of life with a weird computer. The musical is like an actual adventure
I was expecting a book that was not marked up, but the book was completely marked up and had tabs throughout the pages. All pages were in tact, and book was clean, but wishing it was not marked up so much. The book is an amazing book.
I did gain some new insights reading this textbook and really like the case studies, but I feel some of the concepts are repetitive. This is also one of the textbooks that I can't read it for more than 10 mins because it gets kind of boring...
I found the book tough to read, but when combined with the audio teaching, it's perfect.
I was not please with looking inside my package and no packing inside the box. Pic shows this.
Nothing new in here, plus it is about Dell. If you own a Dell welcome to Hell!
read this but passed it on
Great ideas on what to use, but don't look for any how to create.
Compared to his other books/courses, not a very good experience. Countless errors and programming quirks with his online companion tutorials. Problems affected functionality and completion of this course.
Love the quality and the pictures. This is great for people who want the day to day pages in a calendar form. I only needed the months as a whole on one page so the majority of this book was a waste for me. Had I needed the day to day- I would have given this a 5 star.
Came with stickers on it that I couldn't get off. I bought it for a Xmas present and ended up buying another copy to give as the gift.
My son is not enjoying the story but it's a school requirement. Book arrived quick.
Excellent concept. Disappointed in how few topics were covered
It's small and a little difficult to read. I would have liked larger text.
Design is too small!
I gave this 3 stars because the book is great but the shipping was not. I ordered this for my sister for Christmas. When it arrived, there was no packaging in the box so the book was sliding around which resulted in a scratched cover, both sides. This may not matter to everyone but my sister is a collector so it does to her, and honestly it would bother me as well. I returned it and the second one arrived in the same condition. This time I had them refund my money and will be picking her up a copy from the book store. I returned it with a comment about the packaging so hopefully they change it.
Very basic and very short. About 4 pages.
Literally never owned a book in worse condition.
The book is good except that pages 225 to 240 are upside down.
It's a good read and it helped for a presentation I did at work. I have my core desired feelings figured out.
Cute book but not loud enough.
Nothing too exciting here.
My 3 year old gets bored with these stories. Disappointed in how difficult the stories are for her to understand. Was hoping they'd be a little more geared toward kids.
Nice coloring book except the pages are not in numerical order and are placed in the book to where some of the mandala's are on the right page, others on the left and in some places both left and right pages are blank. But for the price it works for what it was purchased for - quiet time of coloring.
I feel like these card sets are a little redundant. I don't feel like you need all 4 of these sets. The cards seem like a good idea, but my son (5 y/o) has struggled with understanding how the cards are supposed to work.
I bought two books for my upcoming cruise to Alaska. I thought this specific book would help me save money by doing excursions on my own. But the very first show I signed up for using information in this book was not the same price as quoted in the book. It was my fault for not paying attention to the publishing date. This book was published in 2011 and the prices have inflated by now. So, while the walking tours are informative, don't expect the prices to be right.
Could not stay with it after 1/3 of the way.
Somehow, in this novel, a lot and nothing happens all at once. I liked the characters Ng created, but the novel ends abruptly, with many of the characters ending up where they started, at least mentally and emotionally. Ng also spends a lot of time describing pictures and artwork, which a photographer and/or artist might appreciate, but for me those descriptions took up way too much room in the book.
The book is pretty good. Unfortunately, the cover is completely torn.
I have not gone through the book completely yet to give it a fair rating.
OK, but quite weak in details and illustrations. The benchmark continues to be "Little Kids first big book of Space" from National Geographic, which my daughter loves.
I've enjoyed buying the Sierra Club wall calendar for decades. This year was no different - stunning pictures, great size for jotting in appointments and reminders, and a good way to show support for the Club's work keeping the most beautiful parts of our country intact and available for public awe and recreation. And what a good thing I was ordering it for myself, rather than as a Christmas gift, since it arrived with crushed corners and there would not likely be time to return it and take a risk on another one.
Koontz tries a new genre, but misses. Too descriptive and no conclusion. Hate books that just leave the ending for the next in the series. I needed some closure. Very disappointed. Love several of his other books and was excited to reading this new genre from him. So sad.
LOVE Katie Daisy and her artwork and was super stoked to receive this planner. I was NOT pleased to find that the "this planner belongs to" page had ALREADY BEEN FILLED OUT IN PINK PEN WITH SOMEONE ELSE'S NAME AND PHONE NUMBER!!! Wtf, Amazon?!???
I'm ordering way too many books from Amazon. I don't even remember this one.
It's cute but it didn't fit as expected. Maybe size up
It's a little slow for me in the beginning. I did have to force myself to get through it at times. It's a story that's been told many times, so not very original.
This was quite a bit larger than I expected. It's about 8 x 10 size. I would also like it better if it were spiral bound instead of just bound like a book. The design is cute, but it's not very sturdy, I fear it's going to get trashed being in my purse all year. It seems cheaply made. I will keep it because it does the job, but it's not quite what I was hoping for. I would expect to pay $5 for something this quality.
Quality of the book was good. Only some of the information had details regarding the different oils, the rest was referencing products made by Young Living. I was hoping for more recipes than just product references. It is more a training book for a Young Living representative to sell their products.
Have not read it yet.
Magnificent book for travellers looking for new places and people to discover. The book itself weighs quite a bit and it's not from the quality of the paper pages. If the care had been taken to print the photos on better paper and perhaps less text quantity, it would be a 5 Star.rating/ It's hard to put out a coffee table book when the quality and color of the photographs are not that good visually.
Smaller than I expected
My friend's daughter loved this book, she is learning to cook and this gave her lots of projects. However, when it came in the cover was completely detached from the rest of the book and the binding was done so poorly several pages came off as well. My friend and I were able to fix it, but it was frustrating to have to spend time doing that.
My wife still uses them
This is my grandson's favorite book for me to read. So I ordered another one to take with me when I visit my other grandchildren. Was disappointed in its condition - dirty and scuffed.
Why am I only being refunded $4 for this textbook when I paid a little over $25? I paid for shipping beforehand, and the tear in the book's cover was not my fault. I received the book exactly like that. The book was not used at all.
Whoops! Didn't realize it was a god book. Not our thing. My daughter said she can ignore it...but she just started it so we'll see. She likes all things horse. But if you aren't a jesus freak, this probably isn't for you. In retrospect I should have looked at the description more closely, because if I had, I would not have made this purchase. Oh, well. Maybe we can find someone at her stable that will appreciate it.
This will get the job done. I ordered a rental textbook. The price was amazing for how much the book originally cost. The book is really beat up though and some pages are torn out and kind of stuffed in the book. But overall the price is great and will get the job done.
It's okay. Not sure what I was expecting. I'm more into dishcloths.
Nice book but the pages unfortunately are not in color as shown.
Book is cute. Unfortunate that it arrived slightly damaged.
Without a doubt, John Grisham is one of my favorite modern day authors. However, this particular book, "The Reckoning" should NOT have been written. It left a sad, sad, bad taste for me. I gave this a three star simply because, there is no denying that the book still contains the excellent penmanship and master story telling style of John Grisham. But, to me, this is the one book Grisham should NEVER have written. It is sad, stupid, and the meaningless killing of Rev. Bell by Pete Banning is highly incongruous with the quality of the highly disciplined man that Grisham painted Banning to be. I am also giving the three star, cause it is a touching account of the horrors of the infamous Bataan Death March. In fact, this book should have been named; A Short Memoir of a Bataan Gorilla". Grisham should have stopped there.
Gave as gift request
Sloppy editing and formatting detract from a good and informative read. What is wrong with putting some commas in there to format a number with a whole bunch of zeros? And more references to some of his quotes would have been nice. Like the source of the information. I don't doubt his honesty but in "debating" what is the cause of "Climate Change" and Carbon Taxes it would be nice to have a solid reference as to the information presented. Otherwise the reaction will be in a "discussion" will be "Oh sure, from a Denier. You expect me to believe him?'
I bought a rental for my college history class. The book is nice inside with highlights and writing. The cover is a little bent. Good enough to study with! I am confused though. I only ordered this book and I got a bonus rental titled By The People??? I'm not sure why it got sent or if I need to return it now. Maybe I'll update this once I've finished the class but it's a history book for college, I'm sure it's pretty basic.
we returned this item
I just got it and I'm a little disappointed, as the wire makes an annoying squeaking noise when the book is opened/closed or the pages are turned. Not recommended for highly sensitive people. The book is also difficult to open, and it isn't easy to write on, as the wire is too big for the size of the booklet so it sort of tends to close while you're writing on it.
Ordered a book knowing it was used. I have ordered many used books before. The seller had the book listed as used in good condition. The quality of the book that arrived is used in maybe acceptable condition.
the book came with a chunk of the book spine missing from the book but other than that everything is there
I bought a book about pies not other recipes. Very disappointed though other recipes are good thst is not why I ordered the book.
Ok reading. Very little info on ISI side which the book purported in title. More of inferences less introspection on blame casting game US has been spinning
I wanted to like this more than I did. It's a good idea but the coming-of-age part of Alan a Dale was a bit tedious at times. I also thought some of the actions by the characters were unlikely. One example (a bit of a spoiler coming) was when the narrator Alan stole a jewel and put it in the chest of his enemy. When it was found, said enemy ran away, thereby making everyone think he was the thief. However, Alan was known as a thief and known to have seen where the jewel was hidden and known to hate his enemy. Surely someone would have put two and two together, especially since the enemy was the son of the woman who lost the jewel! Too pat. Robin Hood was nicely nuanced as someone who had to control a group of people and not just a goody two-shoes. But some of his doings went a bit far, though I liked that he rejected religion. Alan got a bit too much of that, especially near the end. Not sure I'll buy more in the series or not.
My son is 14 months old and LOVES touch and feel books. He carries them all over the house. So naturally I wanted to buy him more and that landed me with this one. However, I am disappointed. The "touch and feel" areas are very tiny and a lot of the pages are just shiny and don't have any texture at all. My son still seems to like it because its the perfect size for his little hands and the pictures are bright and colorful, but it wasn't what I was expecting at all.
thought it would be more detailed. looks simple. I think my 10 year old will enjoy it but way to simplistic
Good overall coverage of hip hop history. Woulda been better if the author had refrained from constantly inserting his political opinions as if they were objective facts. That element gets kinda tedious after awhile.
Cute book but it was delivered with scratches/marks on the cover. Made it look used and cheap. Great idea though...
There are no words! I repeat: there are no words!!!! This is just a book of illustrations. Nice thick book of pictures, just no story that you can physically read to your children.
Not what I expected I thought it was like my others where you didn't know about the pic before it was done
This book has lots of practice problems and useful explanations, but I find that the questions are a lot more advanced than the actual SAT questions and therefore not representative of the real test. For example, as I was taking the first practice test, there were at least 5 fairly challenging questions within the first 10 questions (these questions are typically easier and don't involve advanced topics). Overall it's helpful but perhaps overkill.
I like it talks about different aspects. I do not like that are general statements and not specifically month by month.
Interesting premise, but poorly edited. Writing style kept me from immersing in the story more.
OK but nothing particularly helpful.
I love the book but did not get my hard copy until a week after the book came out in Barnes & Noble. Per Amazon, the book was supposed to be delivered the same day it was available in stores but Barnes & Noble had the book in store a week before I received mine in the mail. Nothing like seeing a book you ordered on Amazon already in the bookstore while you still have to wait for the book you ordered on Amazon to be delivered. I'll never buy a hard copy book again on Amazon for this reason.
I love Sudoku and these are much harder than the hard in the newspaper on Sunday. They are not Medium.
This book is interesting and I won't comment on the content because it may or may not be right for you, but the writing style was a little hard to read, a little prosaic and not too professional but inoffensive.
Not as expected for an anniversary issue
Love the story and characters, seemed like it took longer to get the story moving in this book than in previous novels, lots of outline for the next installments.
Like the subject of the book (ADHD)... this book was a little all over the place. There were many interesting facts and plenty of useful information but I do believe it was a little overpriced.
cover taped and pages falling out.
The seller put a book into an over-sized envelope, resulted in the book opening inside and several pages being folded, which lessened the condition. In the future, they need to keep the book closed in transit.
I rented this book and when it came, the cover was taped on and falling apart. It looked used and abused to say the least. The inside was good; all the pages were in tact. But the previous user had highlighted words and phrases in the book which was annoying sometimes. I paid $28 for it and it was disappointing...
This Bible was recommended at a Beth Moore conference. It's a beautiful bible but I don't really consider it a study Bible since there is pretty much no additional notes. There is a page within each book but it is more like an essay.
I decided to order the book used to save money and recycle a book that already exists. I t arrived yesterday. I began reading it and noticed it mentioned a lot about President Obama. I thought perhaps the author was simply comparing the HUGE differences between President Obama and Trump. After a while, I noticed the book was continuing to discuss Obama. I turned the pages to the last few pages and the book never mentions the mess that is Trump. I looked under the jacket of the book I received and found the reason it mentioned President Obama so many times. I was sent the wrong book with the correct jacket on it. Fortunately, I love President Obama enough to keep his biography and ordered a new copy of the book I actually ordered. 😂😂
It's too much information - way too long.
It's a good read and gives good insight on what nurses deal with daily. The writer has a good sense of humor.
I always enjoy reading about Italy. Honestly, it was an OK read--I felt like the author was trying too hard to be funny.
Interesting book. Probably not worth buying since all of this information is already available for free at various online locations.
It's OK. But I wouldn't pay for that price after reading it.
I love that this book has so many training ideas, and she has some good ways of training tricks and behaviors. Coming from a positive way of training, she does a lot of forceful methods, and compulsion training which does not create a fun happy environment for your dog. Training is suppose to be fun and build a great bond between human and dog. Shoving a dogs butt into the ground when they don't want to does not create a fun environment. There are more positive ways to train. In the pictures where she is forcing a dog into position the dog is clearly giving calming signals showing its discomfort. On the pictures where she is shaping behaviors the dogs are having tons of fun, and have good body language. Overall, great book with great ideas, but I would recommend using her positive methods for training, and avoid the compulsion methods.
This is a good little dictionary but doesn't stand up for long if used as much as I do. I finally god a hard back type.
I bought this because I am on a keto diet and wanted some recipes that I could make quickly in my pressure cooker. What I didn't realize was that most of the recipes in this book are of Asian and Latin American influence. Though the ones I've tried are good, it's difficult to find some of the Asian ingredients in U.S. supermarkets. I recommend it if you like spicy foods.
Eh, not super helpful and doesn't have a lot of the basic nursing diagnoses.
does not provide the help I was looking for - if you know nothing about the tablet when you start with it , you will not know much more when you finish it -
I enjoyed the book until the ending which I found disappointing.
I do not want to spoil this book for those who may be interested in Reading. The book presents itself as a backdrop to the OJ and Nicole relationship. Most of the book is about how they met, got married and how the public misunderstood who was really the aggressive abuser in the relationship. When it comes to the actual murder, it's glossed over. There is some controversy as to how much OJ actually contribute it to this book. When you get to the section where he allegedly confesses, you'll understand why there's controversy about that. The book is supposed to give you a better insight into his relationship with Nicole, into their struggles and into her alleged emotional instability. But it is very difficult to understand what you should believe in this book.
A book on the end of oil... I'm sure it made God laugh, we are pumping higher grade oil now than we did before the book came out.
Was looking more for recipes for blending oils
its ok with the cookbook.
Book was stated to be in used good condition. I knew there was some damage in the lower corner, but didn't know the spiral would be missing. I would have gone with another book.
Book came in early but the packaging was terrible. It could have easily slipped out and it wasn't sealed properly. The book ended up having many dents
Don't like to disparage a book, since I have difficulty composing a review on Amazon. However, it seemed to me the book contained too much 'filler." In other words, meaningless detail that didn't enhance the reader's understanding.
There's better AP Chem prep books. The wording in this book makes you feel stupid and requires too much effort to decipher. Other books like Princeton make it pretty obvious what they're talking about and help visualize ideas.
Didn't love this book as much as other flap books.
I like this. I bought it for my daughter. I only wish it had more bible stories than it does.
like watching an action movie. but characters are uninteresting and weird stuff happens
Really weird story. You have to study the images and the wording to figure out what the story is about. I don't like this book and I put it where he can't find it easily. Not that he wants to anyways.
Bought this for my ten year old grandson, as his mom started letting him make some easy stove cooking. Was not impressed by the variety or how to.
while the history of the family was interesting, it would have been more interesting with more information about the interiors and contents
Several of the pages in the book are blank.
i would love to see a genuine leather bond kjv chronological need this to be in large print or giant print
This is a beautiful deck with striking images. I really struggled between 3 or 4 stars because the booklet is useless. Its extremely tiny and extremely short. Essentially a short paragraph on each card. If you need or are seeking additional information on the cards I would suggest supplemental books. For me this was a pretty big deficiency in what could have been a magical deck.
I've already read the digital version of this book and love it. My complaint is the quality of the book when I received it. The cover is bent and has slight damage, visible in the pictures. It also took much longer to arrive than prime originally said.
I really wanted motivation and ideas for green vegetable based juices, not using fruit - I can put those in smoothies and get their fiber and nutrients much quicker as they don't have to be chopped to fit into my juicer.
I was looking forward to this biography very much as I enjoy movies that feature Herbert Marshall and I wanted to know more about him. This biography reads more like a very long resume of his work rather than an examination of the man himself. While I am more aware of the breadth of Marshall's work, I really don't feel I know the man any better. He was married four times, yet there is very little examination of his personal relationships. WHY did these various marriages end? The reader is told when Bart marries a woman, that it's all happy, but then he's suddenly seeing the woman destined to be the next wife, there's a divorce and a re-marriage. WHY? Nothing personal is explored in any depth. His drinking to relieve his constant pain is referenced a few times, but in a "charming" way, even after one of his wives is arrested for DUI. Was his alcoholism a factor in the demise of the various marriages? I'm not even sure if his fourth wife was with him when he died. On a technical level, the proof-reader who is thanked so heartily in the last pages of the book needs a refresher course. There are misused commas scattered all over the place. Words are missing from sentences and there are words that are misused. (Learn the difference between "a while" and "awhile" as one example) There are a lot of poorly constructed sentences as well. I could go on, but I'll just say that the poor writing was distracting and confusing. I've read 16th Century manuscripts with more clarity. I just finished an excellent biography of Barbara La Marr by Sherri Snyder and she wrote a very clear and personal biography with far less information than I'm sure there is about Herbert Marshall. I was expecting a biography of similar quality with this one. I was very disappointed. On a positive note: there are lots of photographs and that is always enjoyable in a biography. Not worth $28.00 for a paperback, though.
We are so blessed in this country; we have it so easy! I am always amazed at how hard other people have to work just to get what is needed in their lives, like water. . .
I thought it was the full book ... but it was just a little pocket book.
The game itself isn't very fun. However, it can be fun to sit with some friends and help each other come up with puns based on the pairings because it always results in a good laugh
I'm really getting tired of the series. It needs to move always from the corrupt meddling Russians. Very tiresome.
Although the information was good, some pages were missing
This is a nice coloring book. The pages are thin and do not stand up to pen ink very well. The pages are not perforated. Only about 1 in 4 or 5 pages have nice quotes on them, i thought there would be more.
Content is gripping, but the high-speed writing and editing shows and undermines the seriousness of the subject.
My family and I like it very much. Thank you very much.
I am a huge Pooh fan and my kids and I love a good cookbook, but this one is not so great for us. Not as many simple kid friendly meals as I had wanted
The content is fine, but when the book arrived the cover was warped and damaged.
Overall nice calendar, just wish the pages were thicker to write with a sharpie without bleeding through for the price on it
Love the concept. Pretty boring though. Very alan moore.
The book itself is s textbook, has insightful information. However I rented this book for my college course and it came with damage to the exterior. The exterior binding is tore up
As a lover of Creative Haven coloring books, I have to admit that this one is my least favorite that I own. There are some very pretty pictures but as a whole, I was a bit underwhelmed.
A good notebook but the paper is rough. I like very smooth paper and this is not that. Also with this type of binding the notebook cannot sit flat without breaking the spine.
I was disappointed. I have bought about ten copies of this imaginative and informative series of books; they made excellent gifts. Unfortunately, the Revised and Updated version removed the beautiful journey of learning found in earlier editions. I find this one just a staccato of lumped together pieces. I miss the journey.
My son is a 12 year old who happens to be part of the special needs class. He wanted this book so badly and begged me to get it. We read it together as he still needs lots of help reading. I was shocked and heartbroken when we read the page that had the cartoon saying maybe the special needs kids would talk to him. My son did pick up on me skipping over it because of course I was not going to read that to him. He is a special needs kid in junior high. I think the author should think about all his fans, and how maybe some of them are special needs. They are not less then any other kid. And they happen to be very cool.
The content is okay but the formatting really kills it. It has a tactical-meets-free-verse setup that kills your ability to just read the words.
Help, I am unable to print the return label. It shows on the screen, but, does not print.
This was not what I had expected. I was looking for something that would define what type of fuel and the ease of access for longer RVs. It is a good reference for what it is, but it wasn't what I was hoping.
This is a very abstract concept and the parable is not easy to connect to a conversation with a young child about death. More appropriate for ages 8+.
Not finished reading it yet. So far, so good.
Very thin ... I just used it as a place holder in another cookbook.
Went over big at our family's Yankee Swap
Some designs are extremely easy and not worth the time to color in. Some pages look like they were copied with a photo copier and scanned in for the book.
I read this under the impression that it was a murder mystery. It isn't.
I had it sent to someone, thinking it was in really good shape, but according to the feedback, the edges of the paper was very yellow from age, however, the print was legible. It arrived on time.
Not quite what we were hoping for but it's okay
I absolutely loved the book. We used it as a guest book at a Winnie the Pooh themed baby shower. However, the jacket was filthy with grey/black smudges all over it. I'm glad we were able to just take it off, but still, for $23 "new" it should have at least been in "new" condition.
They have written better
Arrived very fast, however I did not appreciate that the front cover was creased upon opening my package. I guess someone just threw it in there with the other items and it happened during shipping.
I wanted to love this. I had been doing a morning routing that was similar, but had too much detail for 6 a.m. This is great, simple, and I like the quotes. However, the paper quality is SO scratchy, it makes it really a chore to do. :/
Needed an editor. Difficult to find some topics with info missing or scattered. Gaps for some areas. Liked maps and diagrams.
Like the price but book no tr in good condition
My son LOVES Little Blue Truck so naturally I had to get this book. However, the lights on the tree on the last page are wonky and tend to be hard to get to light up. It's hard for me to figure out how to get them to light up, much less my two year old.
The art is beautiful and the only reason why I give 3 stars is because the lack of RACIAL DIVERSITY I am sad to see that the images are not reflective of our culture and community. So artist...please be mindful of this and the patterns you are helping to perpetuate that really hurt our community.
Not what I expected. My fault.
The book is great for showing the butterflies, but does not show the caterpillar associated, which was what I was looking for. If you want just a butterfly book, this is great.
Not my favorite Carrier Fisher book (God rest her.)
the movie is great, but i had to install a 2006 software in order to watch it, that software sucks
A great story by Adam Warren, but unfortunately he didn't provide the art for this title. The artwork isn't bad but it's not on par with Warren's, unfortunately. Still, it's a fun read for fans of his Empowered series!
The print is very, very small. It is not a comfortable read. I hope they create a larger print size version.
I have been a fan of Angela Porter for some time, however only 4 stars for this coloring book. Lots of detail...cute drawings, good quality paper as usual, but it seems the same designs are on every page just arranged differently. These pages are way too similar. I will be bored with this one sooner rather than later unfortunately. Update: these pages are identical.. There are 2 more identical pages.really don't care to color the same page twice. Just went from 4 stars to 3.
You can't tell much about the book other than it's a pocket book. I was expecting a whole lot more. It's content is wonderful, but it's big print and like it says, it's only 40 prayers. The entire contents of the 40 prayers and the substance of the book could have been printed on 10 pages. There isn't much here. I expected more. Content is "A+", but quantity of material is a "D".
The front and back cover's are torn in many places. Run down. But it'll get the job done I suppose. Owner should reconsider renting price due to poor quality.
The listings are concise but many Scrabble words are so obscure and archaic, are of no usefulness other than in the game of Scrabble. The book I ordered starting coming apart within a couple of weeks after I bought it and used it a lot. The back page was coming off its binding and had to be taped back on! I suggest a hardier book (?).
Just okay. Not too compelling.
Lots of information and not enough tests to put it into practice.
Doesn't really have much content. Maybe my expectations were too high but this is much more simple than I was expecting.
I'm writing this review in case Amazon charges me when I return it. There is writing/highlighting on the pages. It's not terrible but I don't want to be held responsible.
Not quite what I thought it would be.
I didn't realize when I ordered it that it wasn't a full size planner, which was a major oversight on my part. There's just not enough room to write everything we write since it's not full size. Plus, there's designated lines to write chores and practices each day, which is great, but not with how small it is. We're literally writing over and through all the designations because there's not enough room for us otherwise. I love the planner if it was bigger, but considering the size, it doesn't really work for us at all.
This book was a light, quick, entertaining read. Though the characters are superficial and there are plot holes, it held my interest until the happy ending.
Does not have many of the new eating places that have been around a long time... like the more fresh food eating places that people go to now. Example that there is not listings for Costa Vida.
It has the recipes, but doesn't tell you anything about using an air fryer. It was also supposed to have meal plans in it, but didn't. I sent it back right away.
I've purchased these before and thought they were great. Unfortunately the map is so small that I need a magnifying glass just to read it. Not very helpful when you are looking for something. As always, these are of sturdy quality and built to last, hence the 3 stars.
Half of the pages in the book had pictures with very little wording some were even blank. The material in the book was good but I read it in just a few hours.
I gave it a 3 star because it was not exactly what I was looking for. Will keep. Try some of the projects at a later date.
I really enjoyed the book and all of its interesting lore. For some reason the pages came out weird, it seems like if the pages were folded and printed over and if the pages had small cuts out of it.
Grand Daughter did not like this book much
The first 80 pages or so of the book were trying to convince an organization to HAVE a security plan (although anyone buying this book already sees the need). The second half of the book really had some helpful ideas in how to disarm a threat bare-handed, etc.
Seems overpriced as a 120 page manual containing, basically, chapter review questions. This may be exactly what is needed to successfully take the ACE personal trainer exam, however, it is not enough pound-for-pound for the price. Should just be included with the text.
The recipes are definitely good for you, or would be if I could get the family to eat them. We're experimenting with adding a little fat and salt.
I needed to learn the basics to start using my new Air Fryer -- recipes were good but I wanted to know how to cook things I had on hand...basic instructions that my Air Fryer instructions were less than complete about. Neither was this book. Not really recommended for Air Fryer newcomers!
Some of the pages were stuck together. Had to tear them apart when I did a test.
It helps me to stay grounded
The book is a quick pep-talk. It says what most of us already know, but are not able to practice in our daily lives. Nevertheless, I needed a pep-talk today, and it worked in that sense.
I believe it would work,got it for my wife she just doesn't want to follow the diet
I thought that this was going to be a careful discussion on dealing with issues relating to evolution. It felt like they were tip-toeing around the elephant in the room. I don't believe that it is not a serious discussion of the serious issues with Evolution.
Her escapes stretch the imagination a bit more than needed
Seems like all they did was google recipes and used ones from other books. Each book has the same stuff so its no different. I found several selling errors in the book as well.
Who would have thought that there are thousands of people that were just waiting for adult coloring books? They are everywhere, but this one is really better than most and has better paper.
Very sturdy book but wish is was bigger
It was more description on why you should drink juice rather than juice recipes. I thought this was nothing but recipes.
This book has a lot of useful information. Unfortunately the recipes didn't help me at all and some made my heartburn worse.
I am an active 69 year old . This book was for someone less active. I am returning it.
I read it , but who knows what the story is. I like to find out historical facts , but that book is not it.
Lots of typos, errors but author had confidence to still publish
The title story stands out, but all four tales are satisfactory in an Agatha Christie sort of way. Not the best of P.D. James.
Some pages are not printed, sucked for trying to do my assignments!! And half of maps are missing.
So, it's a monster manual for dnd 5e. It has a bunch of monsters, some good ones, some throw-away (as with all of these types of books). The book is less useful as a reference for lore or role playing support. It offers little useful information in monster descriptions. Most of the text in the descriptions I have found to be of very little use. For me, this book is just monster stat references with the occasional flavor support. I would have liked to have smaller illustrations and more of them. If lacking that, at least a physical description of every creature. There are some monsters that just have stat blocks with no further information. Sure I can just google and see what someone else has drawn, or I can draw inspiration from my long history of role playing to make it up, but they devoted a full page to one image from one creature, could they not have just stuck to smaller images and given more space for this stuff? I really didn't need a full page scene with the monster in-action. It would have sufficed to just put a simple illustration for reference. This is still a book that I would not be able to go without (online versions aside), so it is pretty much a must-have for anyone wanting to have physical books for their gaming. I know that some people look for these as fantasy themed art books, some of the art is good, some of it is bad. As an art book, I would give this a 2/5. As a source book for monster stats it's a 3/5.
We have at least 10 different bizzy bear books. My sons (14 months old) never want to read anything else. I'm not sure if this one was defective or it was just designed poorly. All the other bizzy bear books are easy to move for the little kids. This one the pop up/pull pages get stuck everytime. They are unable to move them themselves. I can barely move them myself without them getting stuck. I've had to hide this one because they just get frustrated with it.
Book did not have very many pages. I looked cheap. I gave it for a Christmas present which was a little embarrasing.
I couldn't enjoy this book as much because I read tiny beautiful things prior to buying this book. And that book is written with such raw honesty. Not saying this book isn't but i haven't been able to move past few chapters. Others might like it though. Just my opinion.
I've been an EO enthusiast for a while now and was expecting big things from this book. It was mostly a recap of EO basics and very little about cancer. I had already heard most of the info on one of the author's free webinars, therefore I was very disappointed. I consider this a book for beginners only.
I liked the book, but I feel there was alot that was left out. I felt like it was just a brush on the surface. Another 100 pages of going deeper into parts of the story, would have been good for me!
nothing special about it...some of the recipes are gross.. there are about 2-3 recipes in the entire book that I would even remotely consider trying.. what a let down. glad it didn't cost more than it did!
Not neat and badly finished
Anne Rice is my favorite author and as such I have read every one of her books penned in her name and in her alias. This was my most anticipated and least favorite. It's been awhile since we spent time with Lestat and his cohorts. It was nice to be with them again but that's all it was, nice. The first part of the book is back story and build up to the present situation. Then a quick crisis in which Lestat is victorious and the crisis is averted. The bad guys character isn't fully drawn out, nor Benji's need to depart this world. All vague. I guess that's my issue with it, it was vague. I was never fully drawn in to the world as I always was in the past. When I finished reading I thought "Well I guess this is it and she was just tying up loose ends." It felt like an anticlimactic end to what was once the most fabulous tale ever told to me. I wish someone would have stopped her from publishing this one the way it is. Maybe someone finished it for her or she has simply lost the passion for it she once had. So I give it three stars because I spent time with old friends. If I was holding Anne rice up to Anne Rice standards I would rate it one star.
Although the recipes look good the index is horrible. I wanted to look up simple recipes like mashed potatoes or rice and you have to look through all the recipes in the category. It's not easy to use/reference and I will probably return it.
Nice book with recipes for people who have had gall bladder surgery.
it's not worth buy - it's almost like an article you would read in People magazine.
Good insight but after reading this, I honestly believe no book is necessary. Grow close to God by prayer and abiding in Him and He will make your path straight.
I guess I didn't read the description as closely as I usually do before ordering stuff. The book was smaller than I expected and the materials felt cheap. Now, that being said, the illustrations are really cute and the narrative is clever and the grandson enjoys it a lot!
Good. But my daughter said she needs a harder version
I was hoping for the actual songs with words, which the kids love and want to sing along. It's a nice book, but the are no songs, only the music. I returned it.
The colors portion of this book were quite confusing. We returned it because too much stuff was crammed onto on page.
I'm finding it hard to follow.
book is ok BUT all the illustrations are very small and in black and white so a lot of the detail is not very good. I am very disappointed in this book, I am considering returning it ..
Very,very dark and heavy lines. This book looked good on a flip through but when I got it was very disappointed. A lot if the pictures are very dark with very bold lines.
Book is well written but still too early to tell how well it prepares for the exam (will sit for exam in a few months). Disappointed with the on-line exam and flash-cards offered with the text. Both are very limited in how they can be used. Unable to print flash cards or download them, meaning you must be logged on to a computer somewhere to use. I like to have flash cards with me to review when time allows and having to be at a computer makes the flashcards offered with the text less than ideal. It is also difficult to use the flashcards and text as review - to customize by chapter to topic.
I liked the exam Secrets study guide I am using it to my knowledge with psychiatric nursing earn to receive my certification.
I still can't say I can follow her that well.
Arrived with spots on the cover.
Unfortunately these don't get sharp like at all. When you sharpen them they are crumbly and dull and soft
Definite wear and tear on the book, but it is still usable with all the pages. The quality matches the price.
This is really basic. Title is appropriate. Reminds me of my health class in school
Many of the drawings are difficult to sort out when you color. You look at the page and wonder what it is. Many have same-width lines which makes it hard to distinguish each object. You won't win any coloring contests with these.
Printed on both sides, can't really use markers had some bleed through, worked great for crayons. Really liked the pictures.
i struggled with the characters being on the wrong side of legal
Ok read... fun little book, and easy to read. Not sure I can give it more than 3 stars simply because those attracted to its message will have come to it for a purpose of sorts. It is pleasant and even teases to spark the imagination, but I would need something... else. It points, ha, to something but leaves us in the end wanting more.
Only 3 stars because like the previous reviews. The pages tears easily, but in all it's perfect and my son loves it.
Cute artwork. Story & content are decent.
I love Arnold and his story to be very uplifting. I enjoy the insights he provides. However, many of the chapters could have been condensed into one chapter. There were so many details provided that I found to be tedious.
My family and I like it very much. Thank you very much.
Not the best book for beginning powershell training, but course requirement.
3 out of 5 stars due to the extreme used condition this book is in. I am crossing my fingers that when I return this book I don't get charged. There are literally pages coming out of the book. My first clue should have been that they were already out of order. I know we get these rentals cheap, but it'd be nice to have a slightly lesser worn out book.
Im just dissapointed that its the small version- pages are like 6 inches by 5 inches.
The story takes place in a Canadian small town, way up north. The characters are well developed and alliances are clearly made. Parents take a back seat to teenage romance but a front seat in the bleachers. If you are a parent who has belatedly found out that your daughter may have been date raped while she was drunk, this story may bring you support for your tragedy.
I always found the Good News version of the Bible the most understandable and easy to read. This printing does not have the cute line drawings that were in the original printing and the type size is smaller making it a little more difficult for me to read.
Disappointed in the book. The break downs are poorly illustrated. Wasn't much help at all
It's entertaining but not exactly a shocking revelation or anything deep. Main takeaway is JZ is all business all about $$$$$ In that sense he missed a big chance to cash in on the royalties on this one !
Purchased as a gift and they were very impressed
Great bible and notes. Pages stick together and are hard to seperate
I haven't read that much of it yet. So far I agree with some things in the book, others I don't agree. Not sure yet whether it's worth the money
Novel idea, some great pictures but the hands Drive me crazy. They are not proportional enough
Super idea! Not as easy to fold add I'd have thought. Hard to fold Along or-printed lines and still see facts. Easier to fold your own paper and write facts down yourself. Some of the hints (to remember the facts)were just weird and not that helpful. Still, as I said, clever idea.
Good info, but more of a layman's work than a captivating literary piece. I read and appreciated the perspective, but cannot highly recommend.
Don't know why he skipped Part II. Part 1 was awesome. Part III is a little repetitive and if you have his other collections, you already have the music CD's that come with this.
Book is too big and bulky.
I was actually shocked upon opening it. I thought it would have more spelling practice than it does. It will be good work, but I think it will take some getting used to because the format is one my daughter hasn't used before. I was hoping for a more mindless practice book than another one mom has to guide through.
This book was chosen for book club. I was initially interested and then quickly lost interest. I found it hard to follow at times and lost interest quickly. It was hard to finish and I only had about 15 pages left to read before book club and just never had the interest to finish the last pages.....
I bought this book as a gift for someone, and it came in such poor condition, that I'm unable to use it as a gift. Disappointed in packaging and condition.
This was purchased for review. It is not what we thought it would be. Perhaps our expectations were high, but this item is somewhat disappointing for the price we had to pay.
I is moderately boring.
Not as informative as the previous book.
Not a big fan of most of the meals
I received my box on monday but when I opened the box, there wasnt any packaging. When I pulled the product out, the devotional book had a bent portion of the back cover and pages, completely bent over in the box. Properly packaged, this probably wouldnt have happened. Other than that, the products were nice and I am very happy to receive my much wanted merchandise. Thank you.
While I do appreciate the recipes themselves since they do at least give me some ideas, I prefer a cook book with lots of pictures and better step by step instructions. Gave it 3-stars because it's an ok book for the price.
Bought it as a gift and she liked it. Glancing through it the photos looked really nice and recipes looked relatively easy and yummy. She's used a few recipes and they were pretty good.
I loved the book itself, but I'm pretty disappointed that i was able to read all the comics from the book, on his actual Instagram page :( i was hoping the book would have some exclusivity
It's wonderful to see a journaling bible that is Catholic. I will look forward to an updated version with thicker pages and more space for drawing and writing. The pages are very thin, so everything you write shows through on the next page. It would also be wonderful to have a flexible leather cover that you tie together. The hardback is big and heavy.
Came on time cute story but the colors on all the pages are dark, dreary and badly printed. No one wants to read it.
Quality control is needed for the cutting of the pages.
I'm not at all convinced that she knows what she is talking about. My wife got this book, read it and now has all these artificial expectations about what I wand and need, which aren't at all accurate. I consider this this author to be simply an entertainer and not an expert.
I am not liking that this book about young, WWII Russian women is rampant with them speaking with fairly recent English slang and colloquialisms. Totally ruins the believability of the characters and imagining the locations for me. Just way too British sounding for me to continue reading.
It arrived with bends and creases and even a slight tear. That was too much money to spend for that condition.
So far so good with this for my 11 year ol
Maybe I missed the description, but I just wanted sheets of animal stickers. What I received was a book, with sticker pages through out, that you stick the animals (they are numbered) on pages in the book (ie. a farm picture that you stick chickens, pigs, etc. on). Bummed it wasn't just the stickers.
Just commenting on the quality of the rental product. The binding is practically gone and when you open the book it's basically cut in half. A few liquid stains too. I don't mind because it's a rental, I just don't want to be charged for something I didn't do and what was delivered to me.
I love the Sky-Doll series. It is beautifully drawn and written. My biggest issue was that the hardcover book was sent in a bubble mailers. Both times I had to send the book back because the corners were severely damaged. I wished the mailing facility would have taken care to send it in a cardboard box.
Only works for marriages that are able to be improved :-( Both partners have to be open to improvement.
This was no The Martian but still okay. Weir does a great job of making you feel like a genius the way he explains complex scientific things. I liked the book but I wasn't emotionally invested in it like I was with The Martian. The moon does seem like a pretty cool place to live though.
I was required to get this edition for my Music 101 class and can not be more satisfied with the edition. The redeeming factor about this copy was that it is well used. The front cover of the paperback is bent on two of its four corners and the book itself looks well read through with discolored copies. I highly suggest using this if you need to rent a book since it came within a Prime 1 day shipping and arrived in less than 24 hours. Just know it is a used rental book and you are getting the price you paid for, don't expect the new $170 copy.
The condition of the book was described as excellent condition no major flaws and when i received the book that was not the case. The book still works for what I need it for but it worries me that the description doesnt match the product condition.
Fair! My 6 year old grandson didn't think they were funny!
The book was delivered in a damaged box and carelessly thrown on our front steps. Later in the day there was rain that saturated the packaging and the book. The pages of the book are damaged.
Could have done without Vanessa Del Rio as she is not someone that I consider attractive or intelligent.
The calendar arrived with the front cover creased/wrinkled and torn otherwise the illustrations are very good.
It was ok. Had to read it for class.
There was writing in the book when I received it. Other than that the book is in decent condition.
this was a very handy map and easy to read. Sadly, it started to rip right after i opened it. I was very careful with it, to no avail, and had to throw it away because it was unusable.
It's not the revised version so I had to send it back
Designs are so simple as to be boring.
Great summary to help me recap from all of the online learning I did. For California, this would not have been enough to pass the test however.
I was expecting more about history, less about the authors faith.
It's an interesting book but so far I haven't seen too many plants viable for my time zone (I'm in southeast Florida). There are a couple of references to plants at his in-laws which is in my time zone. Will finish it and review again
Its perfect. It is very difficult to find a weekly calendar with spiral bound.
I thought this was going to be a lot bigger than it looks. Also, I swear it's even smaller than they say in the description. Not only is it TINY, but since the face is so small, some of the paint and facial features seemed off or cheaply made. It also doesn't really qualify as a bobblehead because the head didn't bobble.. Cute for a Bob Ross lover, but I wouldn't necessarily recommend this.
Note: this is not a normal small paperback. It's the large print version that is almost 2” thick and the size of a full sheet of paper.
nice small book, just to much religious stuff for me
Purchased for a young adult who found it too advanced. I thought it was good & I learned from it.
So far, so good. Easy to understand and work my way though Windows 10. One problem, and this is why it only gets 3 stars... Got to page 25 and the binding started to give away. The page actually came out. so not happy about this, especially when I'm sure to be using it for quite a while. Can anything be done about this???
This is a beautiful book. I had seen it at a friend's but was only able to glance very quickly at it so bought my own copy. Once in my hands with time to spend looking at it, I found it to be somewhat useless, like a coffee table book, a novelty. Pretty but not a go to for information.
Inside of the book looks good but cover about to fall off when it arrived to me for rental
I assumed that some of the pages had images to color
Not exactly what I thought
Did not care for the CD. Only a few songs were to my husband's liking.
I bought this for school, nothing more. Got my grade, so we're good.
The content of this book is fabulous but we were sad that the binding starting falling apart the moment we began using the book. We are a few months in now and the book is now full of packing tape trying to hold it all together. :(
Love the pigeon books but I thought these would be regular sized books, but they're quite small.
Still controversial to me
Book was as promised but the book sucked. Not everyone deserves a book about their life just because they're famous.
I do not find it as simple as I had hoped
Beautiful! Wish it had more room to record and write in on each date?
I was surprised it won the Pulitzer. It was very well written and generally witty. The scenes were well painted and the jokes came across easily. But I struggled to read more than a chapter at a time. I really struggled to see Less as a real person in any way, and I kept wanting to put the book down until I finally did halfway through.
The book is exactly what I ordered. I ordered it new, but when I got it the cover and first 8 pages have a corner that is bent up and creased. I am disappointed that the cover is already damaged.
I little more flimsy than I expected.
Even though I'm just renting it. It looks pretty beat up. Hope I don't get charged since it already looks damaged
It's okay. I bought a new serger and wanted some sewing ideas. The ideas presented in the book were articles that do not interest me. The book is well written. Just wasn't what I was looking for.
Didn't answer all questions by a long shot
The premise of the book is promising--family members getting together for a wedding. The writing is excellent and the prose flows nicely. But who are these people? There is little character development; I wish I could have gotten to known the bride and her mother better. As for the brother and sister of the bride, they were not likable people and incredibly immature. The plot is thin and the ending disappointing.
The book overall contains great information. Could be a lot better with added projects to reinforce the information given. If you are looking for easy projects to complete. This book does not come with any. Just tips on how to stamp, carve and couple other stuff.
I was super excited for this book to get ready to start diving into learning all there is about Internal med on my rotation, but my book came in damaged and beat up. like wtf. It's all bent up and has folds in it, and it's as if I bought a used book. Returning and getting another. So disappointing
A unbelievable story about a young boy trying to thwart the Nazi
Cute, fun book but the touch and feel parts are lacking big time. My son still likes to flip through it but definitely prefers his other touch and feel books over this one.
It's ok, there are no lessons in the book, the parent has to give background info. Not what I was looking for.
The book is great. The reason for less the 5 star rating is the copy we received appeared to have been slightly used rather than new we purchased. It had a somewhat "dog-eared" on both front and rear covers and the front cover did not lay flat as if it had been repeatedly opened and read.
I bought and read this book for a graduate-level course on data protection and privacy. It is a slog. Many topics receive treatment three times over — once in the main body of the text, again in long tables or lists that are supposed to supplement the main text, and yet again in vignettes written by people from industry. That said, the book is pretty comprehensive in its coverage of personnel, policies, and processes required for modern information security and privacy programs. My professor used a companion slide deck during the lectures for this course, which tracks closely with the text. Indeed, many of the tables and lists in the book are also used in the slide deck. If you can get your hands on the slide deck, it is more than adequate for an overview of the subject matter. The book is overkill unless you are actually writing information security policies and processes on a day-to-day basis.
This book I didn't like because the designs were to small to color
This looks like all the other books.
Having owned one of the original decks of this type, finding this version was great, since I'd lost my old deck years ago. However, the cards in this are even thinner than regular playing cards. The tin is great for keeping the deck intact, but I'd be careful looking through them or using them for tarot readings, as a careless shuffle or too much pressure can crease the extremely thin cardboard.
The book content is a great learning tool.
It's definitely the World English Bible, but the print is incredibly small. It's very unfortunate since there are not many paperback copies of this translation. If it's hard for you to read small print, this might not be the copy you want to purchase.
My grandaughters love this book when my son reads it with them. He makes it fun and they are learning spanish words.
Book was in really used condition. Not worth the price paid for.
Very nice book for those new to crystals and stones. Definitely not for those with moderate to advanced knowledge of stones. You will be disappointed in it's simplicity.
The cover is hard. Too strong not easy to use. I prefer flexible hardcover not this kind.
The books looks rather interesting and I am looking forward to reading it. However, my book came open and damaged even though I ordered it new, so that was a disappointment.
Ordered new book and received scuffed with full crease on back cover. Books were well packaged so appears to have been boxed that way. Not impressed. But too much effort to return.
Not too happy with this book. Too many pages that don't have any kind of meaning for me. The very last page had a small drawing I enlarged and copied. The intricate drawing is what I like about Celtic drawings. This one doesn't add up. Sorry but not again.
Love the book so much but didn't find this helpful at all to go with the book. It didn't seem to link up with the book in any way.
I was looking for a cook book with every day dinner recipes for the family. The book is ok, but I am a bit disappointed since I expected some lighter (and probably healthier) recipes. You have to be really hungry to enjoy eating these heavy meals on a weeknight dinner. If I had known, I would not have bought the book.
I received the book and I love Stephen King, unfortunately, the paper from the hardcover was damaged. The book is good tho and I'm excited to read it again.
This book advertises to have 48 loom patterns. In truth there are only about 19 because many of the patterns are same ones with different color combinations and sizes. I was disappointed. It also does not offer any instruction as to how to finish off projects. The patterns that are available are nice ones but too few of them.
The front and back of this “new” book had stains that look like coffee stains. I'm not returning it, but will try to wipe them off. I think someone spilled their drink that works for Amazon?
It's a beautiful deck, no doubt...however, I feel like some of the cards lack the symbolic depth of what they're meant to depict. Also, I wasn't totally happy with the booklet that came with it because it felt as though it leaned slightly more towards the negative.
Don't care for his writing style.
Some of the card images are beautiful while others not so much. Cards are high gloss on thin paper card stock. Easy to shuffle and bend. Book is in color which I like a lot but pretty simple. I know we are supposed to use our own interpretations but for oracle decks I like to read the descriptions when I pull cards for myself. The affirmations are nice but overall I feel like there's something missing here. I don't know what it is exactly but I feel like there could have been more sprinkled into the cards and book. I will use it a few more times before deciding its fate. Maybe as a first oracle deck this would be great but it feels like it missed the mark on so many levels.
I agree with all the other reviews, it is difficult to read the pages with the watermark.
Small but still cute.
Was not as interesting as I thought it would be. Not a bad read, but nothing I had not already read. Too much focus and breaking the two-hour marathon.
where we are staying is right at the crease in the map
First, let me say that this book has There are some amazing lessons in this book. However, be prepared to deal with a lot of typos and grammar mistakes. It was very distracting how poorly this was written and slowed my reading pace significantly. If you are a philosophical/ spiritual student, in need of a challenge, give this book a read.
This is cute but don't think young children will get the reference. They will still enjoy seeing the pictures the little dinosaur making a mess
what i liked about it was the content . what i didnt like about it was that i paid for a new book and they sent me a book with a scuffed up cover.. not new.
This and another book were on my front porch OUTSIDE of the delivery envelope. SUPER DISAPPOINTING, Jeff Besos! You can do better!
Not a magic bullet. I have been teaching and tutoring ACT prep for 10 years with great results. I am tutoring a junior now who didn't prepare adequately during the school year, was disappointed in resulting score, and is now trying to catch up for the July and September test dates. I just had to try this book out after reading the amazing reviews. The book offers a good explanation of where to look for the answers and a system of teaching followed by testing on that topic that I liked, but other prep books which teach all the subjects do just as well. After completing the book, my student's test score went from a 24 to a 25. We will continue to work with practice tests and going over the results. Two tests later, she has scored a 26. In short, there is always a bounce between the first, unprepared test score and the second score a student receives after becoming familiar with the test. Second, there is no substitute for taking at least 8 practice tests and going over the incorrect answers and really learning how to answer those correctly the next time. Think of your ACT prep as a 6 month process! There is no substitute for hard work.
Some good ideas; fairly easy to follow.
Authentic Greek but not recipes I might make
I'm working on it! Lots of good ideas
It seems like a re-hash of the 1990s.
There's little information on the cards to reference them to a regular deck. They need more information. I bought these for my daughter to learn and some cards are hard to figure out cause of the way that they have been presented
As a lay reader of the subject matter, this one had plenty of interesting insight but bogged down in spots (I thought) and was missing that special "something" I cannot quite identify. It may have been the writing style.
came in good shape, and timely
The story is engrossing enough to keep reading to the end and it is enjoyable. The biggest issue I had with the book was that there really is no one character or two to get behind, but rather about 15 or so. Also, there are two separate battles being fought roughly at the same time. Consequently, there is a lot of switching back and forth from character to character, and from battle to battle on two different continents. I get it that this is an ambitious task, but I felt the momentum was lost a little and a hero or heroine wasn't properly developed. If you are Mark Greaney fan, it is worth reading, but don't start with the expectation of a Gray Man type thriller.
Book itself is hilarious. After seeing the movie I bought this and it exceeded the movie. For some reason the physical book I got has messed up paper. Like the machine that cut the pages was broken or something. Pages are all kinds of lengths and tattered at the end. Never seen something like it
Disappointing artwork. It feels more like an affirmation oracle rather than a Tarot deck. I will not be keeping this deck, but do know someone to gift it to who is in need of positive affirmations at the moment
This book was okay but did not measure up to MHI standards IMHO. It seemed as though it was an after thought or had been written by someone else. Just did not read and flow the way others have. Maybe just me.
Haven't read them yet, but it does not contain the original artwork as other reviewers stated it had. The current artwork looks very juvenile, and not scary at all.
Honestly, it is a product of its time. There were not enough dynamic female characters in this narrative for me. The world was vast and the mechanics of the magic system were interesting. But I was left wanting in a lot of places. The first book was written in the 1970s.
Great product but returned because u need to be smarter then they say to understand
This cookbook is nothing exciting. It has plenty of recipes, but it seems that no-one did any quality check. I found recipes with ingredients missing in the ingredient list, but are later mentioned in the instruction. No pictures and black and white. If you love colorful cookbooks (like me) with images that will inspire you to cook,... this is not it.
Was a little disappointed. This book didn't suck me in like the first.
I was not very interested in this story.
I thought it would have more products listed
There is an ample amount of room to make notes in each day. I like that. My ONLY issue with it is the days don't match up on the two page month. Other than that it's a great planner. :)
Pretty small but should work fine for a little in flight entertainment for my toddler.
Was told this is the best mushroom field guide out there and I'll beg to differ. Hilarious pictures inside. Not the greatest ID guide however.
I guess my review of realistic and others is very different, but truly I don't like this one.
The journaling bible itself is great. Yes, the pages are thin, but if they were thick the book would be too heavy. I add my own journaling pages, so the thinness isn't an issue for me. The cover is beautiful. The copy that was shipped to me may have been a return or even used. The binding was coming apart between the pages and cover. I did not send it back because the shipping took longer than expected and I needed it for an event.
I love Ruby but I was expecting more backstory. They aren't as fun random ass the show.
There's not enough documentation in the book to be really helpful. The author explains a lot of things, but he doesn't provide much actual data. The information in it needs to be updated as well. It's getting pretty old.
I could only get halfway through the book. The author has good intentions in helping people avoid getting manipulated, so I gave it an extra star for that. Otherwise, this was a bear to read. The author is trying too hard to create categories for such a wide variety of character disorders. I feel like the best advice you can give someone is this: Assume most people are a-holes. Then, take your time to get to know a person. If over a very long period of time (several years), they've proven to be trustworthy, you can call them a friend.
The oracle was exactly what I wanted, but I bought it “used, very good,” and it came without cards. I am having a hard time locating cards sold alone.
It contains all the pre 1980s cards but didn't realize it only went to 1980.
I presume that if all you are doing is hunting mushrooms for the sake of finding mushrooms, this book merits five stars. If you are thinking this book will prevent you from dying from eating ones that you find and then eat, well, maybe not so much. As far as being the exhaustive tome of everything fungi with thousands of pictures of thousands of mushrooms, clearly this is not it.
I quickly became bored with this story. I didn't learn anything.
Not good. Cheap Price, Cheaper Quality. The worst purchasing experience. You will regret buying it. Get these, you will be disappointed. Not very attractive.
The premise of How to Be Miserable is that by knowing what behaviors make you miserable you can do your best to avoid them. While novel and interesting at first, I noticed that as the book dragged on they had less that pertains to the average individual and oftentimes stopped with its own premise. It's not a bad book by any stretch of the imagination and I still enjoyed reading it, but it's not the best self-help book out there.
The photos are pretty and the information was good. The reviews were glowing so I think I expected more.
If I rented this and never returned it back but got charged with a fee, am I going to have to keep paying that fee every month until I return it or did that fee mean I brought it already??
Good content, thought heavy and should be spiral bound for a kid to keep open easily.
Some accident took off my sticker??????
Had a couple of laughs on a couple of entries. Not quite as funny as I thought it would be. I would have returned it but didn't want to pay the return shipping.
Very brief summary of process.
This seems like a good diet to test for allergies--eliminate everything, basically. When I have time I do want to try it, but it is too radical to take on while I am working.
Like Water for Chocolate takes place during the Mexican revolution, and is the story of the De La Garza family. Their story is told through recipes and home remedies, and the book is broken out into twelve chapters; each chapter is one month of the year. However, the story takes place over a twenty-year period. I liked some of the themes in the book: finding a sense of purpose in one's life, the things we give importance to that maybe aren't so important, and what love really is. If you like mystical realism this might be a book you'd want to check out.
The products were not described well enough and i bought the wrong book
Not as appealing to use. No photos, not much of an incentive to make the recipes. Very plain, and I love to look at cookbooks. There might be good recipes but I end up looking in my other cookbook purchase for ideas.
Great concept, poor execution. The kids rated it 1* because they couldn't navigate the CD w/o an adult to help figure out which track to use. I rated it 3* because I find the songs catchy, I love the concept of learning through song, and I could look on YouTube to learn the melodies & skip the CD. The songs are easy enough to master if you learn the melodies elsewhere then come back & learn the words. There's no easy way to navigate the CD using the book, as solid correlation between the two is only sporadic. Six kids btwn the ages of 3 and 7 tested this product — none of the kids was able to use it without adult help locating the correct songs on the CD. On the CD, its much easier to understand the kids than it is to understand the lady teaching. The book is simply a sing-along companion, and (as stated above) is of little help in locating song tracks on the CD.
Disappointed in size of book and that all illustrations were in black & white. Text was enjoyable.
Not 100 planes, false advertising. Cool book my son likes it but he was disapointed that it was a lie. Was excited and then let down. Seems honesty is a thing of the past
I keep it on my work table.
Good for kids, but they did not win and that was dumb.
I received my copy today. I'm not a fan of the thin cardstock. The original had much better card stock. The card size & images are the same as the original. (I no longer own the original.) The new book is softcover (like the original) but its light orange instead of the original dark orangey red. The set comes in a nice sturdy box like a book with a double insert to hold the cards. The back of the cards are light orange instead of yellow. It's a beautiful set. The light orange color is fine with me. I just wish publishers would use better cardstock & spend less money on the box. Perhaps the cardstock will grow on me in time. 2 stars off for thin cardstock.
I was a little disappointed. I thought the frontier was in the southwest not the east. Otherwise OK.
Ok but not enough pages
Very dumb. A waste of money.
Art work is great but paper quality is awful.
Meh--felt like I knew exactly what was going to happen next--surprise, surprise--I did! It's okay but not as good as I anticipated based on other reviews I've read. It will keep you entertained though.
OVERALL GOOD DEAL. ALL PAGES THERE AND GOOD CONDITION INSIDE.
Book is not as expected from original book. The comedy of the panda has fallen from the story.
not sure what happened here...I had flipped through her cookbook at a friend's house. Came home and ordered my own copy, however it didn't include some of the recipes that had been in the same book at my friend's. Beware if you are looking for the Salmon with Red Curry Paste Recipe, mine copy doesn't have it!
good idea to keep those special recipes in one place
I have been a fan of "Robert Smith" for some time, but this particular book, though valuable in its insights, has too many grammatical gaffes, misspellings, missing words, wrong words, and so on, to make reading it enjoyable. Still, the truths it reveals are spot on. Just could've used a copy editor, I think. . .
For all the hype on the book, I was disappointed when I was reading through it. The type was really difficult to follow and I guess I was expecting something different. The book is useful and am glad I have it in my library.
Ordered the book but have not read it yet. Book was delivered in good condition and quickly.
I wanted to like this more but it's really dry and I honestly didn't feel like I was gaining any insights.
While it does cover the test material, the book is WAY too wordy. This is supposed to be a technical book, it needs to stick to the meat of the subject matter. Easily 200 pages could be stripped. All these side stories/details are a complete distraction.
I grew up with a family member who was paranoid schizophrenic; I read this book to gain insight into what it was like to have schizophrenia. Well, I didn't gain any insight. There's a weird emptiness at the heart of this book....After wading through too many references to privilege, high end cosmetics, and expensive clothing, I became frustrated. It drives toward something but never gets there.
Not sure if this author is as good as the original.
I enjoyed it, but I have a interest in mob related business ventures. Someone else may be nonplussed
Received item folded and damaged pages
I ordered it best it was required for my class and it was actually not necessary. Everything in the book can be looked up online. Save your money.
I love the author's heart here and appreciate them sharing their wisdom and experience...a definite five stars for that! The book has a few takeaway points that I also appreciated but, objectively speaking, the book is not well written. Grammatical errors left and right, very repetitive and disorganized. I wish the lessons were better presented because what they were aiming for was very helpful, just not well-delivered.
I loved the idea, but you need a magnifying glass to read it.
Very informative but most ingredients not on hand. A list of possible retailers for ingredients would have been nice.
Not at all his best book. It bordered on the absurd at times. Sorry, I'm typically a big fan.
Physically too small too use easily.
Good read but priced to high. When I received it it looked used because there was something sticky on the cover.
If you liked the Rook TV series like I did you may be as disappointed as I've been by this book. as it presents a very different style and world.
I wish that this book had more diagrams or explanation of the equations discussed. The book doesn't do a good job of explaining the equations or how the equations are derived. It's an okay read
There are only 53 cards inside although it says 54 cards on the box. And the pictures on the cards are not very good ones. Also it's weird there is “girl” card, but no “boy” card, so I wonder if the “boy” card is the missing one... But I won't return this item since it costs only $3 and the quality of the cards seems good.
It is a short and sweet 'prayer' story, just not the novel that I and as I see now other reviewers are realizing. It really should have been an insert or addition to a novel. It would have been nicer if they had indicated this as part of the Product Name so that it isn't a shock when it arrives. I as others was really looking forward to another great novel.
Shipped in a box that was to big. Book got banged around. Pages are bent and covers scratched. Should have used a much smaller box.
Easy read, and was able to understand
I wasn't very impressed with the recipes in here. Not a lot that I would eat (or my kids would eat, which is important to me). Kind of disappointed :(
Too many puzzles are not my style.. Not straight forward sudoku.
This was a book club choice book.. There was only so much book burning protests that I could read about.. However, the Billie Holiday section and the man who traveled sections on USA interviewing folks on their take of the war interesting.
Came with ripped corner.
Print is good. The paper quality of the pages is a little thin. I'd suggest the hardcover edition over this if you are bothered by something like that. It may be better.
It did not have very many recipes and they were not creative, but works as a starter for ideas
Old stories cobbled together without anything new or worthwhile. A rehash.
Not the greatest but ok. For sure not the traditional version.
Did not like at all!
This book is beautiful and written in a way that I can't wait to get into the kitchen to cook. The recipes generally use a low number of ingredients that are relatively simple and easy to buy. The pictures are beautiful too. However, I have tried several recipes by now and none of those pasta sauces have been all that good. Sure, you might think it's my cooking skills but what I mean is that I have had much better success with other recipes. Maybe my expectations are too high because of the wonderful description of each sauce but overall I am just not impressed.
Expected more instructions, but it's just pictures of finished items.
Got boring mid-story
Love debbie shore but not what I expected. I love her videos on you tube but this book only has a couple things I have an interest in and the other books are wall to wall simplicity
Cute on the outside and simple on the inside. Maybe too simple, soulless.
Book fell short of the breathtaking suspense that I was hoping to encounter.
Alright...wasn't as enticing as I thought. Most of the cards were a bit boring
Hard to read....perhaps because English is not my native language.... I do speak and read English at a College level.... I just felt the English used from the time the book was written might be difficult for someone like me who is a foreigner.
Kind of disappointed in this book. It's readable and interesting, but not at all a page turner for me.
Excellent books but very pricy. I got 2 in error and wanted to return one. They come from Russia so return cost more than the book! Be sure you want it.
I love the book. I ordered a used bookend it has so much writing it doesn't leave room for my reflections.
rambling at times.often confusing story line.frequently boreing.author has written many books so,i assume his skill improved,from these first three novels.
Smaller than we thought.
It was cheap for a reason, not many recipes. Most of the recipes I already have them on my regular instant pot recipe book
Too many black pages (very little coloring). Maybe 50% of pages have tons of white space. Won't buy this author again!
I bought these cards for $32 and they were obviously used. They came without the plastic wrap and ribbon over the cards. But overall these gave me a great vibe. 💜
Already knew these techniques
I really like the recipes in this book, but I thought it was more of a mental/emotional aspect of dealing with weight, but most of the book is recipes.
It works just fine but if your teacher insists you get one of these, it's already a red flag that they're unreasonable. No offense to this company or your teacher.
My only complaint is that the deck uses only a small handful of characters and repeats many of them 2-3 times. I think Bran is even in it 4 times. With so many characters in GOT, it seems very odd not to include more of them and instead repeat so many characters so frequently. That really killed how much I like the deck. That being said, the card stock has a nice rough texture to it and it's printed very well. The books is very nicely made, far better then I expected of any book I have gotten with a deck before. Overall, I'm glad to have it in my collection.
A+ art but the story falls apart in the final act. Great concept that was never fully realized.
The book arrived quickly but was slightly damaged. Normally, I wouldn't care, but I plan to give this as a gift, so it matters. It did not appear to be damaged by the postal service. I bought this with another book that had no damage. Also, the padded envelope packaging was not damaged, so it must have been damaged prior to leaving the store.
Not as engaging as I thought based on what my friends had said about it. I am about half way through and can't find the motivation to pick it back up again.
Though it is ok to read.
Too much information
I chose used for the first time, and chose their free shipping. The product was in excellent condition but the free shipping....they could have walked it here faster
18 month old has limited interest in this. He LOVES the Farm Animals Touch and Sound by the same company (it's his favorite!) - but this was not a winner. I think because some of the sounds are beyond his ability to repeat or recreate. Or he has no familiarity (he likes the semi one but his uncle is a trucker and he knows semis).
I've bought other pop up books that were much nicer than this. However, my daughter is a huge fan and really liked it.
I wanted more training tips out of it.
The content is great! Great reference. I learned a lot from this for class. The 3 stars is for the poor binding. I had pages coming loose from binding within two weeks of use. Not impressed. I'd recommend just getting the ebook if it's available.
Not thrilled with the selection of nursery rhymes included.
Good story, beautiful imagery, personally found the novel to feel VERY slow.
Arrived in poor condition
Lots of designs, but both the cards and envelopes are double-sided-- and Sharpie ink bleeds through. Inadequate paper quality!
Not exactly "like-new" but don't have time to send it back. No writing in it though so that's good.
the pieces to this book are incredibly small.
i don't know what i thought this would be... it's ok, don't recall what i paid... too much
good characters, fair plot advancement, very poor editing. The word order errors suggest translation from German. Very distracting, I blame the editor, I do not plan on reading any futher books in this series.
I want to love this book. I should love this book but so far I haven't gotten through it. I work as a psychic. I write about creating your future. I'd love to learn how to be even more transformative but it's not a fun read. It could be me. Not being particularly scientific but living an unusual life. I decided to start at the beginning and not just search for the parts that make a difference to me. Maybe that's the problem? I need to start from the end and work toward the beginning? It's well written, organized, nice cover, and I wish I could find the new and radical ideas to hook into.
I use this drug book for nursing school and for clinicals. I like that each drug has a lot of information (uses, drug class, contraindications, adverse reactions, route). I do not like that the drugs are listed only by the generic name. The index in the back of the book needs to have the generic name and the trade name listed. I bought this book 2 months ago and some of the drugs I'm studying in school are not even in the book.
Was a gift - I didn't read it
I feel like this book starts off ok. I wish is gave more solutions for the child to solve her own problems (music, deep breathing ect.) . Also, I feel like we may have gotten a book missing the last page. It just ends with her going to school and writing her worries down on a card. Is this the ending? Are we to assume that she and the teacher worked through the worries with her again? I'd love to know if this is how the book really ends.
So the cover is one backwards. The beginning is clearly missing the rest of the paragraph. You have to turn the pages from left to right and start at the end of the book.
The book was used and it had definite signs of wear and tear in the glossary section.It is still useable with great information on APA writing.
Arrived with a glue tape strip adhered to it which had also adhered the map to the plastic packaging leaving behind sticky residue. This was part of a gift for a hiking basket so I'm disappointed that the map looks icky.
Book had several tips on the front and damaged pages for being in really good condition, the front page literally almost ripped off.
Nice size book, with lots of useful info...if you're able to read small print.
Ok....I haven't checked out the content yet, but the actual BCP is more "pocket sized" than this book. Please stop marketing it as a pocket sized edition.
Haven't read the book yet but my copy came in sub par condition with a pretty major defect. The binding on the first page has the paper all wrinkled together and glued in a weird way. One of the corners of the book seems to have suffered a minor collision as well. I'm disappointed in the quality of my copy.
I purchased this book to help aid me in a paper that I wrote for my Racial Justice course in law school. It was very helpful for that purpose, but I would not have found it very readable if I were wanting to just read for leisure (I was going to say pleasure, but with a topic this heavy that feels wrong somehow). It reads a lot like a textbook or a professional paper, and not much like a novel. I think it was fascinating information and definitely good work on the part of the researchers, but unless you're looking for a real dense academic book of sorts, I wouldn't purchase this book.
The book was bent upon receiving.
This item arrived quickly Via Amazon prime. As a long-time minimalist, I've wanted to read this book for some time. The first portion of the book deals with the philosophy of minimalist living. This was personally my favorite section, and I felt that it did an excellent job of explaining the overall benefits and purpose of the lifestyle to people who are not overly familiar with the subject. As the book went on and introduced the STREAMLINE method, it somewhat lost my attention. This (of course) is most likely due to the fact that I have been a minimalist for many years now, and I'm no longer new to the concept. For newcomers to the lifestyle, having a step by step guide for approaching and addressing the clutter in each area of the house is certainly useful. The author does an excellent job of balancing humor and common sense while addressing some rather sticky subjects. Whether it's family heirlooms, holiday traditions, or the overall effect of our spending habits on families and society, this book has it covered. The beautiful thing about is that it's not some moral or political sermon. I never once found myself feeling as though I was being preached to, or being pressed into accepting the political and social values of the author. The only negative I can find with this book personally, is that some of the information becomes repetitive at certain points. There were a few instances where I found sentences and ideas being reused unnecessarily. It wouldn't be an issue, if the sentences didn't seem almost Word for Word copies. This can be quite jarring for a moment, but the author quickly moves on. All things considered, I found it to be a very stirring and satisfying read. Long-time minimalists will still find helpful ideas and information, and those individuals looking to explore a more minimalist lifestyle will find adequate motivation. Most of all, it serves as a reminder that minimalist living is not about depriving yourself and your family of things that are needed and loved. Nor is it about living a poor, bland, sterile and unsatisfying life. It's quite the opposite, actually.
It offers ideas but need to have really good eye sight to use it.
I had high hopes but didn't really think the book was that good
Bought for Reference Library.
Book shipped and delivered early. Was somehow lost between Amazon and USPS. Tracking said item received by resident but that resident wasn't me. Amazon refunded money but now have to order item again and I'm hoping this time they deliver it to me!
Boyfriend thought it was funny...has only colored one page, haha.
Bought this book for my brother for his birthday. The size is great. I didn't want anything that was too bulky. I haven't read this trilogy but it sounds good and you can't really go wrong with C.S. Lewis. The only reason I'm giving 3 stars is because the book came a little damaged. The top corner was completely ripped off. I couldn't even find the piece so I don't know if the book was used or what. Which it isn't a big deal...it wasn't a big chunk but because it was a gift for someone else I was a little disappointed.
Stars are based on damage to a NEW book. Not the game itself. I bought this as brand new and it came more than a little banged up, couple of pictures attached to show a bit of it.
I'm an avid reader and I thought since I love the series so much I would love the book- but sadly no. It's a difficult read and I lose interest quickly.
This workbook is for PRACTICING not studying, I've used this workbook for my [college] Calculus classes but found that it wasn't very helpful because their questions are relatively easy but they are definitely helpful in terms of refreshing your memory and tutoring high school students.
This is a review of the Canterbury Classics leather bound collection rather than the works of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle which no doubt speak for themselves by now. The book has a nice sturdy feel and a nice almost too simple design that is marred by the really atrocious sticker on the front cover that wasn't even placed quite center. Considering an identical image is engraved in the back I can't understand why they would skimp on the cover with such a cheap looking sticker. The pages are somewhat thinner than some leather bound books, being somewhat see-through. The font is quite small, for anyone worried about that. At $9 its a great value but you can certainly get a nicer edition than this one.
The story was too short and the glow in the dark images did not glow as expected.
the storyline and lyrics Funny
This book was put in the box under a 5 lb bucket of deer scram. There was room on the side of the box, which would have been better. Or, a piece of cardboard under the bucket, people? The book now has rings impressed in the binding. Book looks ok, rating is for condition.
it's a great read but felt like 'too much noise' type of book. You get discouraged after a point, that much detail in it
cinderella is a cyborg, enough said. read it.
My husband and step-daughter (6) love this book. They go through a "round" every night before bed. It does seem to cater to the child (the jokes my husband reads to her are DEFINITELY not as funny) and there are some grammatical errors (that the 6 year old pointed out), but they enjoy themselves, so it is definitely a great buy!
There was a moist goop all over the dust jacket, which I've had to throw away. The book was not shipped with anything moist so I'm not sure what happened there.
Book did not come with access code card like in product description
This book has a ton of recipes.. the reason it gets only 3 stars is No Pictures at all and I think that's important in a cookbook.
I like that the pictures were only printed on one side to prevent bleed through making the other side useless. However, the paper it is printed on is thin, and caution will have to be taken to protect other pictures in the book.
I was expecting more in way of detail, pretty pictures,
A little dark for the age appropriateness but it's still a nice book
Said was a board book but was not.
For the most part, I enjoyed the book...occasionally I found the dialogue forced, and at times I felt young Sarah's character was overdone. Too much effort framing her immature feelings, when "less is more." The reader's ability to perceive a young girl's emotions is underrated. The most salient feature of the book is a well told story, with mostly compelling momentum.
I love this coloring book, i have it as a gift for my mom and this coloring book is so her. She's happy so im happy.
Side stories unrelated to the plot made for a long read. 300 pages could have been cut out for an excellent and excited read.
Welp, I bought the book used and I should've known a bit better that it probably wasn't going to be a perfect transaction. The Baby Name Wizard was in pretty decent condition but it was the 3rd edition, and not the 4th.
Lee's become a cranky old man, lol. The book sounds like when my dad used to tell me how spoiled kids of my generation were and how much better his generation was, and how the world is going to hell in a handbag. Now I sound like that when I talk to my son, lo.! It just comes with age. This book was nothing like his first one, that was a GREAT book. This is more like somebody just musing about the good ol' days! Take a pass.
I really was looking for premade food recommended times and degree. None of that in here. Just made from scratch which didn't do a thing for me.
This book is way too simple for the price. It's cute, but I was disappointed.
I really like the concept of this book and it works great to learn the sounds of letters and then blend the letters together. The title of the book is kind of deceiving because it is meant to go through a chapter in about a week. With each chapter, the child should learn how to sound out and blend sounds to make a few words. "Teach a child to read in one week" really means to read a FEW words. Each chapter focuses on different letters and how to associate the sound the letter makes with the letter. I was really excited to start this book with my son before he starts kindergarten. I feel there is so much prep-work involved in each chapter, I am discouraged to do more even though this method seems to work. I think it would be beneficial to include a workbook with this book with the information that needs to be copied or printed. The website has a few handouts, but it does not include everything that is recommended to use in this book. I made multiple copies and cut out letters and pictures for just chapter one. All in all, the method seems to work, but it takes 1 week to go through EACH chapter and supplemental supplies/printouts would be beneficial.
A present for my 2 yr old grandson. My son says it needs to be updated. I told him to respect a classic that he loved 40 yrs ago!
It might not be bad as a supplement. Some of the lessons are too vague - not clear on what decimal place to round to, etc. It definitely could be better.
Would like more detailed designs.
I liked the fact that this book was alphabetical. It was not spiral bound and it is difficult to keep pages open If you press too hard you would crack binder.
It wasn't for me, but my AA friends love it. It's a speaker meeting in written form
Just seems to be a lot going on.
Many of the recipes are worth trying. If you are into erotic chicken recipes, this is for you!
This book will certainly make you reflect on your marriage and attitude. I appreciated reading the perspectives of other wives, however, I noticed there were no established boundaries amongst many of them. Not sure if the book was meant to provide extreme cases to prove any marriage is salvageable, but I suppose that is to the readers discernment.
the second book is not as interesting as the first one
Another how to book written for us real folks by beautiful people...it was a decent read. Didn't learn much.
I was expecting to enjoy this book much more than I did. The plot was less than exciting as the identity of the killer and the motives are revealed early in the book. That leads to several implausible situations that are hard to get through. The twist, if you want to call it that, is obvious. I wouldn't call it a complete dud, but it wasn't the exciting psychological thriller I was expecting.
I have only made two recipes from this book, the beef rolls and the pierogi. Beef rolls were awesome but the pierogi dough has been a disaster both times I've tried. The recipe has too much liquid so it's always sticky if made as written. That said, flavor is spot on according to my FIL, so at least there is that.
Love this author! But this story was just hard to get into. So many characters, it was difficult to see who was with who for the first portion, mostly because of the back and forth throughout the story. I was waiting for a big climax or turn of events but it just didn't really happen. This unfortunately was my least favorite of her books.
I haven't had a chance to read it fully.
over all book was in good shape just upset that the dust jacket came damaged but all pages were clear and there
Good pics, not great. Could have been much better.
Anything written by Bonhoeffer is going to be great, but this book is so thin that it is more like a pamphlet than a book.
Not as funny as year's past.
The description says there's access to streaming videos but there are no instructions on how to access the videos and no contact number for the seller to get assistance with this. So I gave 3 stars for this reason
The book is cute but the packaging was not adequate. The book arrived damaged because it was sent in a bubble envelope and not book packaging.
Price is great arrangement made for easy reading . The problem started coming unglued seam on front cover. I was little upset . Nothing major I went out purchase Elmer school glue stick fixed it up real nice. I was not going to send it back for such a little problem. Overall the quality nice. I would recommend to a friend. I could give it 4 stars what a minor issue to me. maybe big deal for someone else
Title says it all I had the wrong edition still passed the class though
The book is written rather well, but a little slow. Generally, it is a delightful read. Touching, yet not moving.
This paperback edition was apparently published in the UK. The print is so tiny it's very difficult for me to read. Had I realized that at the time, I would have checked out the hardback edition at my library. As for the actual stories--it is quite good!
Good info, poor quality of the actual product and shipping. The box came banged up and it has started falling apart after less than a week :/
So much potential for hours of imaginary play. Lots of pieces, lots of options. The major down side is that all the pieces are made from cardstock - and unless your child is a gentle, well-organized player, there will be some significant damage to this toy with normal wear and tear.
Very nice book, but the pastel ink color on the pastel ink color pages did not work. I could barely read the questions to be answered...
It was required. A text book.
I really liked the content of the reference manual. The only issue that I had was with the spiral/spine of the book which was bent in such a way that it made it difficult to turn the pages. Otherwise, I would definitely recommend this book if you want to learn about essential oils, remedies, etc.
Sent the wrong book.
The book was not as good as the others in the series.
When looking for instruction on how to scan, download, save, store and retrieve it was a challenge. Impatient I ordered another book to get the answers. More concise directions would have been nice. Overall the book was helpful but lacked direct 1-2-3 directions.
I have read better from him. Would make a fun movie with all the different scenes.
I received this book and started to read it, but my biggest problem is the printing is so small that I even have trouble reading it with my glasses on. I have other books by Doreen Virtue, and the printing was bigger.
Interesting read but a little dry.
I ordered this book for book club and found the first half engrossing. Beautifully written. The second half was not as well conceived. The amount of awful things happening to the characters become onerous. I didn't see where they helped with plot nor story. Overall, meh. However the plight of girls in Asia is one we should pay attention to and the horrors of human trafficking need to be brought to light. I hat wish the second half of the book Lee us on the journey the first half did.
I bought this to read before USA aired the miniseries. I think things always get a little lost in translation with a IS reprint and release so there are some odd language and cultural things. I think it interferes with the subtleties of the novel because you're reading trying to figure out if you missed something because it's foreshadowing or being implied or you're missing something because of the language translation, etc. When I finished reading I didn't feel settled because of the content and also just because I tried so hard to stay focused on my understanding. I didn't end up watching the series past the first episode so that's unfortunate. I wonder if I would have liked it better had I not read the novel.
This is the bible on the subject. But it really needs an update.
Last time I buy a hardcover new release on Amazon. The dust jacket has severe folds along the top and bottom, back looks scraped up, and needlessly had a huge unsightly ISBN sticker right over the ISBN code that I'm still working to remove. Throughly disappointed! I stopped ordering from BN.com online because the condition the books arrived in, this is worthy of their shipping practices.
This book is just OK. I think it's a bit overrated.
After reading the reviews I was a little disappointed with the recipes in this book. I'm not a picky eater and eat gluten free and paleo often but there's a lot in this book I wouldn't eat. This is strictly personal preference.
Quick delivery. However, the book cover is bent as though it had sat horizontal with a large weight pressing it unevenly. The package was in perfect condition, leading me to believe that the seller shipped it that way.
I love this artist. I only with that there was a month at a glance at the beginning of each month.
The author kept me entranced as usual, but I wasn't all that Happy with the surprise ending, it was as if there was a big build up and then I felt let down.
Couldn't seem to hold my interest. Would pass on it next time.
This was a used book rated 'very good" with quite a bit of underlining. That isn't within the guidelines of a very good used book and I don't like buying used books that have been underlined. Hence my problem. I don't normally buy books from Chopra so maybe it is my "punishment" for buying a mainstream author!!
Ugh. I literally started skimming through it about halfway in because it was so predictable. It had just about every YA cliche imaginable.
The pages do not tear out for easy sharing. Some hidden treasures are spread over two pages which makes it awkward for my 4 and 7 year old in the car for entertainment while I drive.
Gave it 3 stars because the book was roughly used.. who ever had it before highlighted some words off the first chapter and the book itself was damage.. the first couple of pages were rip like if someone had slash it with a knife for fun.. overall it got the job done for my class and came in clutch.. I will change it to a 5 stars if Amazon doesn't charge me for the damage since I didnt do it. I should have taken pictures of it before hand but just forgot either way let's see what happens
I have already read the book but lent my copy and never got it back. I liked the book enough, this was a replacement but it came with a gouge in the cover and a slice in the back which was frustrating and dishonest on the sellers part. Not ‘new' condition.
Pages very easy to tare!
This is a cute story, but only half the scents are good and the ones that do smell good don't really match the description.
I like the book, but it's jumbled up in no particular order, and is lacking many vacations fans of the man know about. A bunt instead of a grand slam.
it is what you would expect for a receipe book.
I have a lot of literature on alcoholism. This was a good, fast read. It was a very matter-of-fact point of view, and I appreciate it wasnt a preachy-preachy book. The last thing I want is someone wagging their finger at me. I plan on donating to our local "Little Free Library" in hopes that it will reach someone elses hands that need it. I don't regret purchasing.
I really like the book. It's light, pretty colors and modern design. However, it didn't have itinerary guides like most travel books I am used to. For those who just want hotel, food recommendations, this is a great book. It was not what I was expecting, so three stars.
Parts of it it's really good for a beginner like me. But then, I got confused with other parts... still a good book to have!
Stories are only ok. Some aren't really stories, just explanations of things. We liked the 5 minute Frozen and 5 minute Star Wars books better.
Pictures and editing (lots of errors in the spell check) very poor quality.
Really nothing new learned. Same stuff as internet has.
The good: the map is very handy and is packed with useful information. It takes up very little space and easily fits in a shirt pocket. The bad: the small size comes with a price. While great for its convenience, the small size detracts from clarity and detail. I found it difficult to read and too small to convey important details. This is not the kind of map you would use to navigate up and down streets (unless they are major roads) - rather, it sort of points you in various directions and highlights significant landmarks.
I thought it was educational, exciting to read, but something felt missing the entire time. Joe Navarro explains the basics of understanding nonverbal communication with his own experience and solid evidence throughout his career. A lot of what Navarro wrote about body language, can be found on the internet but it was good to have a credible source confirm and provide evidence to it. I wish there were more photo examples, and more than the basics of nonverbal communication. Other than that, not bad if you're just beginning to understand body language.
Judy not a big fan of the writing style or topics. There are better daily meditation books out there
The book came in very messed up, the back has a very big rip, and the side has a lot of rips. Not in good condition at all.
Great book until the ending. The ending was terrible. I don't often get irritated at books but this was one of them.
Very nice, but much smaller and not the size I expected. Prompt service.
Not in condition as stated
the book cover is heavily damaged
Disappointed that there was somehow water damage on the top corner despite being in plastic packaging, isnt severe but the top corners of nearly half the pages were stuck together and there is visible damage. Otherwise a good product and exactly what I anticipated.
This collection is a mixed bag. Some are great--they resonate with you until you close the back cover. Some are trivial, some are nothing more than a list of complaints, some are just poorly written. I'd say there are about five decent essays in here. The rest is garbage.
This was one of the books I had been meaning to read but didn't get around to it so as soon as it arrived I jumped right into it. With first glance the book didn't have damage to the cover and was intact. Sadly there was a distracting amount of (useless) notes / notations from a previous owner on a bunch of pages. Zero problems with something used as I often grab books at my local goodwill for a dollar and find stuff like that in those copies - not something noted as "Very Good" should have been noted more like "Good/Fair". -S
She's really cute, but she only has magnets in her hands, so it wasn't long before the weight of my car keys pulled the magnet (and her) loose from the door, and the fall knocked the other magnet out of her other hand. But I liked her so much, I found some smaller magnets to fit in her feet and, after removed the rubber stuff from her feet, I re-glued all the magnets. Now there is a solid 'thunk' when she attaches to the metal door, and she is firmly and strongly stuck!
This is a book strictly for beginners. I was disappointed that there wasn't any real world blue prints or schedules. A book needs to be written for those that know how to build but need to know the tricks of tiny houses. This book is not it.
I got this for my daughter. She is a teacher. It shows the countries very well.
The pages are well-drawn and there are all wonderful landmarks depicted. I am a big traveler and I have been to many of these places. I did a google search on the places that I have not visited so I would know the proper way to color the pictures. I am only disappointed that so many of the pictures depict buildings that are all white or all grey. That's not a big coloring challenge. I will have to use some wild imagination to color those. Not enough of the pictures are of buildings that are colorful such as Greek Orthodox churches and Russian churches.
Part of the cover of the book was crumpled. I ordered this expensive book, hard bound, with a cover as I wanted to give it as a special gift. So having part of the cover crumpled was a disappointment. I am pretty it was caused by the way the book was packed. It was shipped with a box of envelopes that was fairly loose in the box. So the box of envelopes was free to slide around.
It was a good entertaining read, but it fell a little short in originality. None of the relationships were really special, or unique, or even interesting most of the time. The 2 old lady best friends were the best part, hands down. I would read more books by this author, though, if I was looking for a good quick, fun book.
This was not what I was expecting. The paper appears to be good quality, but did not come with a clear plastic jacket cover. For a 2 year planner, I seriously doubt it will last that long, but I'm willing to give it a try. I do like the pattern on the cover and that it's a little larger, than previous planners. I was REALLY hoping it had the jacket cover.
Very deep, you need to give it a lot of attention; it has its own dogma. The premise is good but there are a lot of twists and corners.
Very small book - but has good info.
As a previous review stated, 6 of the images were used in the 2015 Calendar and reprinted here. This is very disappointing. Also the thumbnail image of the back of the calendar shown in the product description is not the final image, as it shows 2 paintings that are not included in this calendar, and the back looks completely different (I included a photo of what it actually looks like). I'm sure Victoria Frances has enough paintings to be able to provide unique images for the calendars. Even sketches would have been better than reprinting. I'm going to keep this as I love her work, but I don't know who dropped the ball on this one, but hopefully next year will be all new paintings.
The formulas are fine but this box it's mess up
I bought the book at a higher price than listed on its back cover. The content of the book is ok, but the material is a bit thin.
Writing was great. What you have come to expect from Dan Brown. But.. being a sci-fi lover, the story has already been told.
Cute and colorful book. Wasn't expecting the colorful illustrations on activity pages. With that said, potential buyers might note this is more of an activity book than a coloring book like what I was expecting. Coloring pages few far between. Was a little disappointed because thought would be much bigger, but was impressed by the quality of book overall.
The book apparently has all the pages and it's fine. The only problem is that it came pretty dirty. It seems like someone cooked or ate an entire meal while reading the book. Some pages are kinda gross. but the majority of it is fine. I know it is only a rental book and I did not buy it to keep it, but I had some friends renting the same book and theirs were fine.
I love Anne Perry's Christmas stories. I have them all. I even have some of them on CD. I enjoy reading about and getting to know the more peripheral characters as they meet and triumph over their challenges. My problem with this story is that although I had a chance to learn more about three of the recurring characters that I enjoy in the Monk series, I felt like I had read this story before written in a different way. Perhaps not, but in any case I was a disappointed.
Very informative and in great condition.
too detailed more information than the average person needs
Not what I thought it would be. Not special.
Disappointed the plastic stand part of this calendar was broken and now I can't order a replacement because the item is no longer available.
We ordered it but never received it. They did reimburse us immediately. I ended up purchasing at Barnes and Noble. Loss was not the fault of seller though. My daughter loves the books
The book is great but there should be pictures of the recipes and how they should be cut.
Not a great quick reference for rapid EKG information. Was hoping it would be great like the antibiotics book but not the case.
For the price I thought I'd at least get hand lettering techniques for both uppercase and lowercase. Turns out if you want to know how to do uppercase you have to buy another book. Other than that I like the tutorials and blank pages for practice.
I received my quotable book and it's all dented up on the seam great quotes but don't like that it was all dented up
Creativity and artistry set the book apart.
Poorly packed all the corners are damaged won't buy from them again
Overall I thought the book was ok but the main issue I had with the book was its lack of well developed characters overall that seemed to occur to try to make the female characters seem stronger. The writer presented the make characters negatively for the most part, best exemplified by the overly stereotyped Wyatt, while depicting all the female characters as alpha personalities lacking in little when it comes to skills or abilities. I thought Wu was given a bit more attention and not made so one dimensional as he was in the movies though, so that's something at least. I hope, if there are further stories, there is more story and less agenda.
Nice need different one
Hi loved the book but came in damaged in shipping. So upset because it was a Christmas gifts.
Box came damaged. Looks like it took a hit during shipping. It was only the lid, otherwise great product.
I rental this book but the book is very old, and it is very dirty.
thought it was more like a where's Waldo book, but it helps.
I got this for my daughter and love the colors and the cloth, however only the cover really "crinkles" which was disappointing.
This got a lot of buzz and the organization and story weaving was interesting but none of what they covered felt fresh or new and no strong conclusion offered.
Overall, this is a great book. I wish it had a little more of a "how-to" emphasis but the urban sketches throughout the book were awesome and are very inspirational. I like the way they are broken down by city. The last section covers different inspiration and topics such as buildings, harbors, seasons, people in action and even night sketching. It was also interesting to read about other urban sketchers and how they go about their art. I only have two complaints that pulled the rating down a star or two. One, the book comes with a paper cover that contains the artwork you see on the book. The actual cover is just light blue with a white band that contains some line art. A little disappointing but not a big deal. The bigger issue is that the book looked like someone had dropped it several times or thrown it around the room. The paper cover was all beat up as was the actual book cover. This is not the fault of the book's author but rather the seller's fault or the way the shipping company (USPS) handled the book. Either way, in my opinion this is unacceptable and kept me from giving the book 4 or 5 stars. I normally would have read the book more thoroughly (I just skimmed it and read some sections) before reviewing the book as I am extremely miffed about the condition of what was supposed to be a new book. Again, I love the book but not the condition it arrived in.
Not what I expected I wanted an easy to read children's bible
I bought this for a birthday present for my great-niece, and I just received it today. I am pleased with the contents of the book, but I am very disappointed with the appearance. There are two scratches down the front of the book, and another one on the back. When a person gives a book as a gift, they really don't want it to be scratched. This is probably my fault for ordering a book for a gift online instead of going to a book store and seeing for myself what I am getting.
I love the characters and the stories in this series! I am suffering from buyers remorse brought on by a publisher that must believe saving paper justifies the smallest font size ever used! Unless you like to read with a magnifying glass don't buy the paperback. Spend your $$ on the kindle version so you can adjust the print size! Then you can really enjoy this story!
All the gold foil makes the cards look a bit juvenile. Thick paper and nice rounded corners.
Easy to read use but not all the detail you may want.
Entertaining, a light read. I look for a bit more meat when I pick out a book.
Love it, but a little expensive....
Book is in good shape. Minus the $1.00 stickers on it from the original seller. I would advise removing those before selling a book at 9 times that in mark up.
It's ok. Nothing special here if you have been drawing done already.
All the information in this book is easily found online in any of the hundreds of easily accessible prepper forums out there. Nothing new here, really.
One of the books and the box were a little ripped.
Dictionary came in with a lot of defective pages.
They sent me the London version. Even tho I wanted the us version
I had been waiting to get this book because I think highly of Sally Fields as an actress. The book was a disappointment to me. It was hard to keep up with her frantic life and it was written the same way.
The content of the book is fabulous (five start). However, it would have been nice to have it shrink wrapped before shipping instead of just thrown into a box with other items. Now I have a coffee table book with a cover torn in several places.
Bought these for my granddaughter. We were both surprise when we saw how few there were. On the positive side, they are "very glittery and pretty".
This book is literally really for beginners that never touched a Flash in the life
The image shown for this book is not the actual one that was sent. It might not seem like a big deal, but I have other books by C.S. Lewis that are from the same edition as the one in the displayed photo. I purposely ordered from this seller so I could obtain that exact copy. I am disappointed that I did not receive what I ordered.
Can't rate this very well, I have no musical talent.
i returned it because poor packaging
Good information on cards but box came torn apart so now I gotta buy a case foe them...wish it came with a plastic or harder case
This book, is not very imformative, unfortunately very hard for my 10 year old to understand.
It was all 14 of the books, but they were the mass market paperbacks and not the 6x9 paperbacks that were pictured. I was disappointed in that but it is what it is.
Not a bad book. Entertaining when writing about his hike. Less enthused about his environmental and political musings.
I just couldn't get into it, it's written more like a boring history channel narration than a story of a great warrior, if the actual education the book offers is what your after than it is a fine book. If you are wanting an entertaining read than keep looking
The cover came with a large rip in it, other than that the pages were not damaged
This is not at all a study guide. It is an overview of the topics that will be covered for each exam along with a practice test. That said, it is good to have to give one additional practice, but you will be incredibly disappointed if you think you're buying something that will explain the material in the least.
I know that Sedaris is brilliantly funny. I've enjoyed him on radio many times, so I was disappointed that the belly laughs I expected (and was promised by other reviewers) never arrived. I kept reading because the stories were interesting and because I've like the author as a speaker, but this book did not make me want to read more of Sedaris. Instead it made me hungry for more of him on radio. I suppose Sedaris fans will love the book and hate my review. So be it. The friend I gave the book to after I read it, loved it too.
Interesting topic, but took quite a while to get into it! I know most all the reviews were wonderful but I would have liked more suspense & the ending was not entirely satisfying, as it left me wondering how the family actually felt about how things had turned out.
I'm not sure why this was a best-seller. The first couple of chapters seemed lame but I got through them. The remainder of the book never drew me in--it's as though I was just listening to someone tell me their story. Even if you account for "cultural differences," some of this story didn't make sense. It really could have been so much more and I don't understand why this made a best-seller list.
Had to buy this for a class. Pretty good book.
I got this for my 92 y/o aunt in hopes to stimulate her motor and cognitive skills, but she had absolutely no interest, so I decided to color in it. I liked it much better than those other adult coloring books where it's just too busy with so many tiny details. These larger simpler drawings suited me much better.
condition and quality are very good
I was so excited to get these books to help me with my studies in PA school, but super disappointed that one book came with a defect. A couple of the pages weren't cut properly so the edges are off and two pages are fused together. I know defects can happen but it's still frustrating when you spend a lot of money on these books. :-/
Does the job during bedtime. Stories were a bit repetitious and boring. And the last few pages, the edges were improperly cut during the printing process.
I miss J.D. Robb's writing. This book didn't have the "life" most of the other "In Death" books had. I kept waiting for it to give me the thrill of what I have come to expect in Robb's writing. I have read them all and this one was "flat". I hope the next one is better.
The book is informative but I feel like it needed a little more depth. I bought it for someone else, but peeked in it myself before gifting.
Will try some recipes and post
I like these cards but wish they had more crystals in them.
Required for school. Didn't end up having to read it. Yea!
The book was nice and clean but the paper cover was a little bent on the top and bottom
The first 160 pages of this book are well worth reading, because the author describes his experiences as a US Border Patrol Agent working in Arizona and Texas. He takes the reader into the front lines of the immigration crisis, and writes with great clarity and sensitivity. He also gives the reader some history about how the US-Mexican Border was created. Other reviewers have rightly praised this part of the book . After he leaves the Border Patrol, however, the book becomes a advocacy tract for better treatment of undocumented US residents. While I sympathize with this view, this does not make for interesting reading, made worse by strange interludes of psychology, including the author's dreams.
I like this author, so I was hoping this would be a new Christmas classic to read with the kids. It's just ok.
Too much detail not enough mystery. Not my favorite by this author.
Useable but very beat up and ripped.
Good but took some time to debe it
I did not care for this book. The ideas were JUST OK for my needs. I needed a book focusing more on paper flowers.
I was so excited when I found this cookbook, and we've tried multiple recipes but most have been okay at best. The Sweet Sticky Rice is awesome, however I would not recommend this book
Love the recipes. Just wondering did anyone proof read this book? A lot if grammatical errors, duplicate recipes and recipes in the wrong chapter. With that being said the recipes I have tried so far have been delicious.
I like it but it's not hardcover so I don't like it because of that
It's an ok textbook. A whole lot of poorly worded problems and unexplained solutions that don't follow the format of the examples. The textbook does provide detailed calculator instructions, and it's much more convenient to flip through a book than scrolling endlessly through a digital copy. I had both a (maybe bootleg) pdf and the rented hardbound text, and I found myself using the hardbound textbook most of the time. This textbook is definitely worth no more than the rental price. Let's be honest, though, you will be learning most of the material from your professor and Khan Academy. Like Mr. T said, I pity the fool that has to teach himself statistics with a textbook. Or something like that.
It is not dual pencils. The description says: 12 duals pencils ( 24 colors) And it's not true. Just 12 pencils. The Mandalas has beatiful print.
This book is kinda hard to follow. Seems like a lot of useless info. Not as user friendly as I expected.
This book is very average. The major arcana is explained well and kind of just breezes by the minor arcana.
There are a lot of recipes I like, but the only thing I didn't like was the bookstore didn't take their price tag off which was $1.00 and charged me almost $7.00. Need to pay attention to those things when in business.
Rather dry,I don't know what I expected am a big Fan of Stanton and UFOs in general.
good book and in the condition listed
Have not received although it said it would ship earlier.
Pages were all blank. I expected a general outline for needed information
You should always know where snakes are lurking.
Patterns were very plain. Mostly beginner oriented. Not what I was looking for.
The images are very detailed making some hard to color with pencil. Markers or gel pens work better for this book.
There are several chapters missing in this book. It goes from page 88 to 122. See photo above. Will return it but want to make sure the new book is complete.
I liked this book, read every last word of it but...I don't really understand what the point was. I kept thinking there would be some big plot twist or exciting revelation but there wasn't. I felt that the characters were interesting but I wouldn't say that you saw any growth. It was just a before and after story with a small thread woven through showing a small connection between most of the characters.
After reading it, I would not have chosen to read this little book without a reason.
Listen, I love racist, sexist, rude & Godless Dr. Seuss as much as the next unwitting inner-city raised genius mother of one. BUT the good Reverend Dr. Seuss took it too damn far this time & put me right in the proverbial pulpit with his bull-ish in THIS political climate! I was already anxious abt reading to my son's 1st grade class cuz I'm not THAT mom but I had to do it and who better than Rev. Dr. Seuss? The books are rhyming & rhythmic & comedic with decent life lessons, right. This mofo had me making jokes at the expense of the little girls in class & making ethnic jokes. If I catch him imma drag him straight down the middle of Mulberry street buy his...nevermind.
while the book is great the cover is all floopy so it is so annoying !!!!!
The interventions are good and I would recommend the book to parents or teachers of bereaved kids. However, looking through the book as a therapist I feel like all of it is kind of common sense and stuff I already know with my training as a therapist. I don't think it is worth the money with not many new interventions.
I don't like the fact it uses no some much instead of alternatives to tell a child no
Gave me some good additional ideas on what to spiralize, and how to cook it.
The inside of the book did not look used but the cover looked used. We did keep it. it is a sweet little book.
Didn't finish it. Not our kind of people.
Definitely found myself gravitating towards the "left with Gabby" storyline. Could not stand Ethan. Was much more invested in one half of the book than the other.
It was a bit ripped.
New at this. Need more time to review.
This book is just ok. There's only a few pages. Three songs, and the babies are bored with it.
It's ok if you just want your kid to do something besides watch TV or play video games. Everything was a bit too easy. I wanted something a bit more challenging. My son thought it was for kindergartners.
This is a good starter book; but for me, as a meat and potato and gravy person, I was looking for more of a cookbook for supplementing hot air for grease. Most of the recipes in this book are for people with a more diverse appetite. There is something in this book for almost anyone; especially those who crave more vegetables.
Book cover was bent but other than that it was great
I felt that the illustrations were non dimensional. It might be more interesting if star was raised or textured. A bit disappointed with the illustration, but the storyline was acceptable for toddlers.
The story is cute but it is so small. I have gone back and looked and I still do not see where it says it is a miniature book. I did not read the reviews like I usually do so I was very disappointed when it came. Tiny books are cute but they are hard to keep on a shelf.
Nice map but was hoping for full US map on one side instead of half on one side and half on other side.
Bought this item for someone else and cannot offer a proper review.
PAGES 15 AND 16 WERE MISSING DESTROYING THE CONTENT AND LEFT OUT DETAILS OF THE STORY!!!!
This is a nice, colorful map that is easy to stick in a bag or a purse. However, I didn't always find it to be the best guide--it's much easier to download a map onto your phone (one that you can use offline since internet access is spotty in Cuba). The online maps are more up to date and easier to follow.
Needed to purchase for my marketing class. Super affordable price.
Ending was a bit disappointing. Not the best character development.
Good book.. interesting read.
Alot of missing information concerning ABS and caliper build and torque. Did not check other system yet.
This fake book has a lot of rock songs in it, but it is definitely not for beginning or novice guitar players. The chord diagrams are all lumped together at the top of the song with the written chord designation put above the words where the change needs to happen. That means that you must stop playing to figure out how to play the chord designated. In addition, this goes to great detail showing diminished and seventh chords which aren't always needed to make the song sound good. So for beginners this book would be very frustrating. In addition, the print in the book is small and somewhat stylized making it difficult to read from any distance at all. It is very comprehensive in the number of songs included, and there are some great songs in the book. Just realize that it's not very user friendly. I purchased it as a Christmas gift for my son who is just learning to play, but will return it and replace it with something else.
First half of book well written. Downhill from there
This are a little complicated my least fav of all my decks I just don't click with them.
Great fun at first. Then lost interest. Not certain if it was the book or if it was boredom.
This is not a very entertaining story. Even my 4 year old quit in the middle of the story and he loves to read.
Love John's books but this one fell pretty flat for me. Not as engaging to read and while the overall theme is thought provoking the book didn't do much to drive the point home for me. A little disappointed!
I got this and also the beginners 1 book for my 2 boys that I homeschool. While we loved the beginning 1 book we did not like this one near as much. In the early lessons/pages we found this to be very helpful and educational and my son learned a lot, however as it got further back I found that it got ridiculously hard and even I had a hard time helping him with the lessons and found myself having to check the answer key and even then still not fully understanding why the answers were what they were. So unfortunately editor in chief is not something we will be using in our high grades as I had suspected
Not a very detailed book, information very basic.
To be fair, I have not tried any recipes from here. There were not a lot of recipes that really caught my attention.
Good book but when taken out of box cover was torn, it had to be shipped that way. Quick delivery.
The product arrived within two days, but with a big "cut" on the cover. The box was intact. We did not want to go to the hassle of returning it, otherwise we would have.
This book was a lot more worn than the description made known. There were a fair few pages folded up inside the book. Bonus gift: I found two postcards from Minnesota inside! Otherwise, the book is readable, which will work for the time being.
Could be larger text.
I like the work book, but the spelling section is very small and only 1 page per word list. Its also very spread out. Meaning its just random math, grammar, ect . I use it to supplement but not by itself. its very colorful and upbeat ! My boys really like it.
It's a mix of old school and new school style writing with small print that drags on at times, but the text and short case studies are up to date. My other textbooks for the MBA are much more readable so I don't think this was the best choice for the class, but full of information and is organized fairly well. It has only black and white photos and a few color graphs to illustrate the points, so it is a bit too old school for me.
Good book, horrible packaging. This is a paperback book and it came in the mail wrinkled and bent in several places. So it came looking used.
Some recipes were quite confusing.
The first few days was really funny and then it just turned into lame pic after lame pic. Maybe February will be better. I love the fact that they give credit to the owners of the pictures.
My first grayscale coloring book and my last. Finished coloring pages had a grey overtones or color cast to them. The images are nice, but not what I had hoped.
It wasn't what I thought it would be.
Kinda sad the cover came all beat up. :/
Not really great for colouring. Format wrong for good coloring.
Child murders. Not as good as her series on the FENS
This book provides great information. Now that I am going back and looking at the answers that i missed, i find the book is very poorly edited- some of the answers for the final exam in the book are not correct. Some of the questions don't make sense at all.
It has some useful tips. The book doesn't go very in depth but is a quick, easy, and comical read for the topic. I felt it was a great starter book to get into dealing with my severe generalized anxiety disorder but is not the cure all book. I do recommend it a read as like I stated, its a great starter book for getting into the nitty gritty. He also offers different links to check out throughout, I haven't personally looked into those links but they may provide even more help. Additionally, there are tips to help explain the disorder to people who just don't get it, and would be a good read for those people as well.
The book was carelessly stuffed into the mailing envelope which folded back the back cover and left it heavily creased. This will be the first part of this paperback book to rip off. Carelessly packaged! :(
I didn't realize the (demensions) size would be so small. I thought it would be full size like what i have gotten at BestBuy in the past.
I bought this and "Shadow Spell" from the seller. The books arrived later than promised and there is a big red dot (size of a dime) on the bottom of each of the books, across many pages. In some book stores the red dot means the book is either damaged or on sale. I wanted to give the three books as a gift to someone, but now I can't :(
Thought this would be hotter tea.
Most of the meal plan didn't use the same ingredients so I wasted lots of food and spent hours prepping. Wasn't for me
the recipes are like most diet cookbooks.
Barbara's videos are much more informative than the book.
Bought for the child, but the font is very small. It's not at all comfortable to read. This is not a pocket poke? Why such a book size?
Not a very exciting devotional... very short passages and not a ton of substance to the readings.
Textbook has way more writing and highlighting in it than condition listed in the description. For a textbook that was still expensive .... even used I didn't expect to have to read around someone else's math scribbled in ink around the text.
I bought this for my Mom to help understand my bi-polar sister. She said it was just ok.
Content in the book is great but the cover is extremely bent and looks used but I bought it new!
I am enjoying the book series and the author
More of a diary of moving. I liked the text and questions but did not need to write in the book.
My grandchildren don't ask to read this book over and over again like they do their favorites.
The content of this book is excellent. However, it was hard for me to read it, as the copy I received through this order had serious binding issues. The pages starting falling out almost immediately after receipt. So a big YES to the actual book, but maybe not from this seller, as maybe they have really old copies of the book or have poor storage facilities.
It's not a bad story, maybe not quite as edgy as some of his stuff. Well-written, I guess the story just wasn't completely interesting to me.
The book content is fantastic with lots if amazing color combination. I gave only 3 stars because the book is pretty worn with markings all over the cover.
Seller mentioned some water damage to pages, but failed to mention highlighting throughout the text book.
i love the inside of the book, just wished it was a little bigger
It's a good book the principles and literature explains everything detail
Fun kids book about bones. Could have used actual pictures instead of drawings. Wish it had went into better detail.
Alot of sentence errors. Seems to almost be poorly translated to English. Also many sentences don't make sense .
I had almost all the screws I needed out then the screwdriver stripped out on me.
It's a great book people now use resources more than the past. Resources is declining and we should not waste it. but almost all of the evidences or examples I have known already, so it partly is boiling for me.
I use meditation regularly with clients at work. I was looking forward to this book but it is just okay. Not bad but not good.
This book is awesome and a must have for any Kanye fan. Only problem is this is not a “new” item. Or if it is, the packaging and delivery method needs to be changed. I had to order two because the first one was delivered damaged and unfortunately the second one was too.
Didn't love it. It was just ok.
The numbers were almost impossible to see. Had to use a magnifying glass
The title is far more exciting than the book
I use a Mac computer so this book is not applicable to me.
I like the little blurbs about the people that have started up their own businesses or continued on the family traditions of sausage making. But this is really not a book for a complete wet behind the ears beginner. It has some fabulous looking and sounding recipes for sausages, as well as recipes to use the sausages in. Equipment wise the books is going for broke, or trying to make you go for broke with some of its suggestions. Its a great book, had a lot of info in it, lots of pictures as well.
The book is super cute , but they are made paper thin . They rip easily , but for the price you can't beat it !!!!!
If you like Mr. Rogers it is a nice book of his lyrics. The illustrations are also nice.
Looks to be great fun.
Cute story. Cutest illustrations. Way too many words for a board book.
I really like this translation and the accompanying study guides. The quality of this specific product is excellent as well. However, I had to return it because the print was just too small for my 70 year old eyes to read easily, otherwise I would have given it 5 stars.
Granddaughter loves it.
Loved this book. Extremely useful for helping children learn how to deal with their anger. I have one complaint: most modern psychologists agree, children should not be left to deal with their anger alone. I would've preferred a story where the adult stayed with the child and their feelings. That's a relatively minor quibble as the story overall is an excellent way to help a child identify and process their feelings.
What can I say? It's a calendar. Larger than expected with large date squares that I can write in. Cute pictures of my favorite dog the Papillon.
Very informative! Excellent resource!
Nice book but definitely for a more mature reader than I was anticipating
Not bad for what was paid
Pretty thin volume and some dated projects (a tie rack? maybe for a business dad?), but overall appealing to my kid with clear project instructions.
Was a great gift and since I am listening to it as well. I can say it is worth purchasing, especially if you are going on a long trip.
Very good value!!!! Nice pictures but have not even used and binding is coming apart or this would be a five star review
The shipping of my order was delayed a few days.
Bought this for my wife, she said it's very useful
It's a book. As advertised
This 300+ page light reading presented important info re the very serious subject of "casual" tween/teen sexting and the legal implications these families can find themselves in as a result of a seemingly carefree, juvenile practice. Enlightening!
Carefully packed to protect book. Arrive on time. A good simple transaction
I am really enjoying my new study bible. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that it does not have the individual book tabs. The bible is offered with the tabs in a more expensive version which I would recommend considering for purchase.
I thought the inside would be more entertaining and have more going on. its basically a picture and sayings in the middle. Its not mixed in or really a mandala inside at all. But it served its purpose.
the title certainly does not over promise -- no lack of clear examples where the author distills the subject matter into 1 liter of hard to swallow Russian vodka in a plastic bottle.
It was a good read but I won't recommend it as a reference book for SQL. Content could have been better.
It was a little wordy and mentions that mommy bought me a potty. This mommy is not dumping and cleaning a plastic commode!
Purchased as a Christmas gift for an avid 9 y/o reader, this book wasn't enthusiastically received. I suspect the prose poetry was off-putting. And yet, she may come around to it in time. I'm hoping.
This ordered because it was a required book for a college course that my daughter is taking. I never knew that Amazon sold used books. What a great idea. Prime pays for itself again.
Lovely patterns. All are written patterns, no chart reading
Thin pages cause a bit of trouble when reading, but still would recommend.
The story starts out slow but the back ground is needed to understand the gravity of the theft. The writing improves as the story evolves'
The book started off slow. But, it was a page turner none the less because I was curious to know what would happen when she went outside. I did not expect the ending that it had!
Nice book. Bought 4. A little religious, so I am not comfortable to give as gifts as I had hoped. Beautifully illustrated.
Christmas gift for grandson he loves you to read to him.
I agree with many reviewers that this book is a recycled version of the first one. Plus, it's hard to explain time-travel to a 4-year-old. I much prefer the original story. However, my kids (ages 2 and 4) LOVE this book. They will pick it over the first one almost every time. They think the diapers and the "tacos love dragons" pages are hilarious. They also love the last page, although the pictures include multiple cultural references that they don't understand. So, who am I to question a book that my kids love so much?
My 9 year old grand had fun with these on recent road trip
Reading this book for the second time, because there are so many helpful nuggets of wisdom. Like a great cookbook, this book is a valuable reference to help you develop your design organization. There are actionable insights to guide design leaders in refining their design organization, team structure and operations. It breaks down core areas and you can hop around to different chapters and dive into topics that are most relevant to you. Glad that we are elevating this discussion as the value of design organizations, to design deeper human connection to products and services, will be the great differentiator in the competitive marketplace. Thank you Kristin and Peter for writing this book. This is a keeper!
I love pocket decks in a tin, and this one really appeals. It is Thoth-based, but with added RWS imagery in the minors. I can't give it 5 stars because some of the cards have light horizontal streaks - a printing error. It's not perfect, but I'll enjoy reading with the deck even so.
This is a sturdy board book, with a fun storyline and beautiful illustrations. The picture quality could be a little better, but it's great for the price and ought to hold up even under my toddler's tough love.
This book is totally intriguing
I don't usually read too often but, decided to start reading from a list of top 10 books for leaders. I saw this in a TED talk and just had to read it. I am about half way through and Simon's insights are very useful.
Thank you for a great price!
It's a textbook! Not much to love or hate about it. Just wish they were cheaper
I wish it was the same size as the original.
I enjoyed the book, it was a lot of news articles and reports out together, but it summed it all up & I enjoyed reading it. He was definitely a damaged individual!
So let me start by saying, i'm a registered nurse and i'm just now getting into & researching essential oils; got this book and immediately started processing my return 😂. it is VERY much so a scientific TEXTBOOK and could be overwhelming to most people. I ended up keeping the book because i figured out HOW to use it. Each essential oil has a section that tells about multiple case studies and cautions. THIS is valuable because it allows me to make an informed decision on how much of the oil is safe to use and not to use; because some oils for kids are considered unsafe (eucalyptus as an example) and by me seeing in the studies that the ppl or kids that had a negative reaction LIKELY orally consumed a large amount of it or was exposed to too high of a concentration. So for this purpose it is helpful!
i highly recommend this book, he doesn't hold anything back, very interesting and the price could not be beat
So good to see something good about the best county in the world.
I liked this book a lot. It was cool how there was a book within the book, but at first it was confusing because the format wasn't clear. But it was a fun mystery!
My son really enjoyed these books great quality will definitely buy again
A practical way to learn and or review American signs. Some signs are not as clear as other venues I've used, but the cards are easily portable.
good game for the price... wish there was more of a game involved in it but either way it's a good way to practice as a "do now" for my students
Nice gift for niece! Loved it! Would recommend!
Super cool book for kids and adults! Got this for my 5 year old who expressed interest in learning about the body. Book is a really nice size and has a good amount of pages, not many but just enough not to overwhelm on info.
Helpful for quick plan sight seeing needs. Not really helpful planning a place to eat. Great maps, very helpful.
Very pretty but too small. I tried to return it but the seller wouldn't take it back. They did credit my account which was very thoughtful.
My kids love doing these but not many pages at all.
This was a gift and the recipient was pleased.
The flash cards are an easy and relatively quick way to master the different kinds of LSAT questions.
basic coin collecting folder
Exciting and page turning.
I am looking forward to using this cookbook to prepare healthy meals for my spouse and me. I would like to hear from anyone who has substituted dairy milk for alternatives, like coconut, almond, or cashew.
I am so happy to have read this book. I now understand and respect Senator McCain even more than before.
I love the format of this book with the rule pages that explain what will be reviewed and gives examples. However, I don't feel there are enough practice pages to truly review the concepts (3 per concept) so you would have to supplement, as needed. I plan to use the Language Fundamentals books first in order to teach important concepts and then follow up with this one later on. You can never go wrong with Evan-Moor products!
does what it is meant to
It is alright, not special
Really great information. About fish and other fishing related topics.
Great ideas. I made several projects from the book and even used the generic knot section to create my own design.
This book was a Godsend. Where I use to spend countless hours doing documentation, it's now a breeze. Would benefit from including other aspects of psychological needs but you can find nearly every diagnosis with skills to teach and work with clients on.
Very understandable and useful. I'd like more sample Tests in order to practice acquired knowledge.
It's a very approachable study guide and does a good job of summarizing. Sometimes it seems to jump around a bit but overall does a great job of encapsulating an enormous amount of information. Some images or color would have made it better.
such a great book for my kids. really like telling them every night about this
Good simple, book on practical aspects of home wiring to the code. Recommended. This book has been revised practically since electricity was invented.
This was an excellent gift for my son's birthday!
Such a cute book, especially for kids almost ready to quick sucking their thumb.
At my advancing age I found the print a little small. Not a problem, so I would have to give it a thumb's up.
My granddaughter loved it
bryson is still one of the easiest reads around for those of us who are accustomed to someone who feels aggravated from time to time and wants to vent. i don't think this quite measures up to some of his earlier works when he was younger. travel takes a lot out of you. and, like all of his books, it seems like he takes in a lot of detail in the first half of the trip but sort of rushes thru the second half.
Most of the games in this book I do not understand but boy do I love playing Trucks! I wasn't really sure what I thought about trucks as a subject matter before but now I am pretty on board. I wouldn't go as far to say I am now a truck enthusiast but I do now look at trucks in my everyday life through a new lens — one that appreciates trucks more. I would not recommend playing Trucks (and other games) at the workplace! I was let go because I kept playing Trucks. Though I'm not too worried about making rent this month because I've saved up quite a bit of cash this winter and I recently sold my set of banana slicers which brought in a chunk of change. But if you want to help, I am still selling a few other items which you can check out on my Etsy page (mostly wicker items). I did try to use the pages of the book to press and preserve some small leaves, clover petals, local dirt samples, etc but the book does not weigh enough to do the job well. Though, because this isn't the book's primary function I've only deducted one star from my review.
Enjoying the series. Hope there is more to come.
This planner is beautiful on the outside. The colors are so bright and the paper feels soft smooth. I didn't give it the full five stars because the inside is quite boring to look at in comparison to the outside. Still, great quality and will order again next year or as gifts!
I bought two of these books by the same author as a gift for my great grandson. He loved the colorful pictures and especially the dog. His sister who just finished first grade also read them and enjoyed them too. They make great picture books with enjoyable themes.
I am pre-planning my road trip to Alaska in the motorhome and am surprised with all of the camping options
I gave this as a White Elephant Christmas gift. It was a hit. The titles of the recipes are hilarious.
Good stories, when you feel like some short SK.
Not an easy read but great material.
Useful information, more for beginners to the wine wold, but still some interesting facts and philosophical tenets.
The illustrations and information offer helpful insight to animal forms, movement and structural variations. Very good - would recommend.
This book is a great coffee table book, it has some amazing photographs and a lot of simple straightforward explanations of what you are looking at, it is in fact other-worldly. the 3D is best on some of the craters and canyons. Good gift for any friends or family who like astronomy or science.
I've tried, unsuccessfully, to make a "bujo" myself. Google, YouTube, and Pinterest aren't how I learn to do things. I'm 31, but I like having a book teach me. I'm not a fan of online learning when it comes to art projects like this. Thankfully this book exists! I read it within 3 days, and have started MY dot journal. I expect, like the book stated, I'll get better at determining my style with time and practice. I would NOT recommend this to those who can learn easily from online methods. I would recommend this for those who find learning online silly, and like to have a physical item to learn from, look back at, and hold on to.
Simple notebook, paper quality is just ok. Good for taking disposable notes.
4 stars because some of the used books were in worse condition than expected.
good bed time read.
Item came bent in the package. Cover had visible indentations along the width of the book.
My Daughter loves the book..Now getting her boyfriend to read it...
I sort of became an instant fan of Kylie Scott after reading Trust and I was super stoked to see what else she had to offer. Chaser was definitely not a disappointment, though to be honest, it was pretty much a home run when I saw that the heroine was pregnant when she meets the hero. I'm basically trash for stories where the male lead is an unapologetic man slut (but not in a bad way), then fights tooth and nail when confronted with the one woman that makes him actually FEEL, and proceeds to fall head over heels for her. That's definitely the case with Eric and Jean and it has the added bonus of him falling in love with her baby as well! The tension that was created because of the contentious relationship between Eric and Nell (which totally made me want/need to read the first two books in the series to get the background on all of that) and between Jean and her parents elevated the book above standard romance fluff. I loved Jean and Eric as characters and their chemistry was just delicious! I can't wait to devour more from Kylie Scott and I hope we get more in the Dive Bar series. 4 out of 5 wine glasses.
Good book on Custer and the Battle of the Little Bighorn. Would recommend.
This is a terrific dramatization of a lovely book... But please note that it is an abridged version of the original text. I am listening to this Radio Theater version with my 9-year-old son. Each character is played by a different actor which makes it easier for my son to understand the dialogue. For those who are passionate about the original text I recommend the unabridged audiobook performed by Canadian actress, Rachel McAdams. This recording is so enjoyable that I will definitely purchase more stories from Focus on the Family Radio Theater.
I had gotten the DC Vintage calendar the past two years, but it was on backorder forever this year and I saw they had shrunk the dimensions for no good reason. This one has good art choices but the design has the fold going through the picture, so it's less aesthetically pleasing, especially if you want to keep a picture to hang. For the price, a good calendar
Decent read with good ideas.
This was not the best study bible I have purchased, and i have purchased several. The commentary seemed wordy and did not break down the scripture as I expected.
I bought it for my daughter who loves knock knock jokes. It is very thin book it took her less than 15 min to read. Some jokes are hilarious and some are not. Overpriced for what you get. But still cute.
Frankly, I bought this because my niece is an artist and loves these kinds of graphic novels. I was pleasantly surprised. Not only is the artwork very nice but the story is actually good! The plot is strong and moves quickly and is not good for young kids, making it much more interesting for adults.
so full of wonderful stretch ideas as well as the "whys" and what it will help with. I like that it also offers complimentary stretches. as a side note- this has nothing to do with the book but how Amazon ships the book. Putting a book in a soft envelope does NOT work. The corners get all mangled and bent. This is the second book this has happened with in the last week. The replacement was bent up a little as well but nothing like the first. I only post this here because I don't see a place to review packaging or leave comments. Amazon- customers pay new book price and expect a book not all bent up and crumbled.
Perfect. Great laughs but they do have an app for Mad libs that I was unaware of.
Bought this for my son, he loves it, he says it was easy to follow and understand.
I found this book sweet and a fun read. Persuasion is my favorite Austen and I find it interesting to read such JAFF.
Fun book even when your kid uses vomit or poop for prettt much ever word.
What did I like about this cookbook? For starters I really like that this cookbook has a picture for each recipe. AND I am thrilled to see the nutritional value per serving. So many cookbooks do not include that information, and some of us like to know how many carbs, fats, sodium etc are in a serving. I have many of Meredith's cookbooks, and I have yet to find a recipe I did not like. I'm crazy about air fryers, and her cookbooks are excellent. My only dislike about this book is that the index is horrible. The lettering is so tiny and faint that you can barely read the words. I suppose a magnifying glass would rectify this problem.
I think Little Owls Night flows a bit better than this one...and we prefer that book over this one. But, this is still a good book!
Great copy, in great shape. Bought as a gift, they loved it and will pass it on to another friend.
Wife is using it for school, no complaints
books are for my great grand kids? haven't seen them after xmas.
Been an avid follower of the tea room books for as long as Laura Child has been writing them!!
The large print is perfect for my Mother. She is looking forward to reading this. Package arrived quickly and with no problems
A wonderful book! It keeps a nice balance between faithfully recording the ordeals of his pilgrimage on hot weather, etc. , penetrating thoughts about his own life, Hod and the world, and the sometimes unsettling, sometimes heart-warming encounters with fellow pilgrims. At times, a reader not well-acquainted wit German literature and culture might feel a bit left out of puzzling about an allusion. Recommend highly!
This book along was perfect to use with our youth group. I highly recommend!
Easily the creepiest, most unsettling, absolutely riveting haunted-house/ghost story I've read since The Haunting of Hill House (which I'm currently rereading). The tale moves back and forth between intertwined Victorian and 17th century doings in the same doomed house, a house where no one is safe. I was impressed by how difficult it was to put this book down and how it never flinched from its mystery and menace, not a single character too precious to emerge unscathed, right up to the nerve-racking end.
Exciting read about an important but often ignored topic.
For starters, this book is NOT a storybook. I missed that when I was ordering it so upon getting it I was a little disappointed. When I actually sat down and went though it I found it does have a few things in there I think are useful for my family! I've been reading the affirmation page to them every night and we go over the things we like best about our day at dinner time. Overall, it's a nice book and some of the ideas work for us but not all. Shipping was fast. Just a couple of days.
I like how Kelly used a lot of Scripture in order to help us transform our mind which is exactly what God tells us to do. I especially liked thinking about how I am not God's co-worker even though that sounds good on the surface. Instead, I am God's daughter. I really meditated on that part and it was so freeing since I'm in a busy time right now where I have been living like I needed to do everything in ministry perfectly for God to love me. The one thing I wish was different is that I wish this was printed like a workbook. That is how Kelly intended this book to be used, but it wasn't published that way. I thought it was going to be more reading than it was. Instead it was kind of like reading a lot of blog posts and homework assignments all at once. So if you are looking for a Bible study on the topic, this is a good one.
I like it but I had hoped for more details. For a well informed person as myself it's nothing new. But for a beginner it's a great place to start.
Cute, good Father's Day gift. May not work well for single dads. Kind of confusing when Dad is the one reading the book but they add a throwaway line at the end to excuse that. My kids a little rigid on rules and was like Daddy CANT READ THIS BOOK which was kind of a bummer since he wanted to read it to her on Father's Day. Not the end of the world. Imaginative, and fun illustrations.
Book ok some picture kinda the same.but fun to color.
There are a lot of rip-offs when it comes to Whole30 diets. This book is the real deal. Beautifully laid out with super simple recipes. The Whole30 isn't easy to do, but this book makes it easier!
Working on the implementation of these methods, but its been insightful
Informative but not a biblically aligned reference
Keeping my 8 year old on track
Very good book. Really enjoyed it
Relates to everyday life. Is good when leading a group or just for one.
good helpful book would like a bit more detail on how to change the look of charts
There is a section on marriage that is good, but not applicable to me at this particular time.It has a strong Catholic flavor, so should appeal to members of that religion. I am not, but like reading all kinds of views. Really do like the prayers on health and in particular as my title states like the prayer on meeting people. Will use that suggestion soon.
It's a fun read and the art style is great.
Not a big fan of the black but I knew it was. Just wanted to try it.
Nice history but it seems something was missing in the story.
Very good book----full of appreciation for family and the USA.
I like all his novels. Makes for good winter reading.
A little difficult for my four-year-old but she loves trying to find them
Watched the anime it was awsome...manga even better
it was smaller then I expected. I should have read the description better, but it has a great variety of pages to choose from,
Great book! My husband and I have just started and by the second week, we lost 30 pounds together! The recipes are pretty tasty too. Didn't get sick of any of them.
This rating is based more on first impressions than content. It was a gift for my husband and he was thrilled to have it. His only comment was about how small the print is in this huge book. There is truly tons of information in it and the cost is probably lower printed in the way, but even for eyes without visual impairment the print is very small. Hoping to put the content to good use though!
This is a very nice book, with beautiful (although simplistic) pictures. The book size is a little bigger than a sheet of paper. On one page is info about a particular tree, and the facing page is a drawing of the tree (accentuating it's main features). This is not an overly "scientific" book, but it is a fun introduction to grade-school-aged children about various trees they may have never seen or heard of. I recommend this book. Please mark if you find my review helpful. Thank you so much!
Its got a lot of information for a low price.
Okay book, like Steven King, Grisham keeps me interested.
a prep book such as this ought to have at least five sample tests to take. How many more pages would it add to a huge book like this? Maybe another 60 or so?
This is a great book. Super easy once you get the hang of the short rows. As others have stated, this is write in UK terms but that's easy peasy to figure out. The one thing I WISH this book had was better instructions and some pictures for finishing the pieces and placement. I've obviously deviated from the pattern a bit and am making a unicorn instead of a zebra so figuring out where to place the facial features is a little hard and daunting.
This book is so good with a great twist. It's a fast read and a sweet story
Good insights into the gospel principles in the old testament. Easy to read.
I gave this as a gift. I haven't heard either way, so it must be OK. thus 4 stars.
Thank you for having the items I need most .
i like this coloring book. it has a lot of detail which takes a long time but i enjoy the book very much
Hello Amazon shoppers. I purchased this book and so far so good. I'm just in the beginning of the book and I will update this as time goes on but I like the stories and it's actually not that hard to start doing what he is promoting. You just have to start and you can, trust me.
Love this book. Pictures are vibrant and story is super fun to read BUT the book came a bit warped so it won't close properly. It doesn't affect the story so I kept it anyways.
Good story. Great setting.
great pick and choose alternatives.
Really cool designs, I have already painted them and used some. Thanks a good product.
It's a shame the media reports I've seen focused on the part about her contemplating the removal of Ms. Clinton. This book is primarily and fascinatingly about the Russian hacking of the DNC and their impact on the election process. It's great to hear what it felt like on the inside of the DNC.
love the cd alot wish it would of came in a hard case but it's ok but i would buy pinks cd anytime of the year love here and her music
Great to keep you busy and thinking!
Easy to understand the why's and how's of cultured food. Read the whole thing but haven't made anything yet because it all requires special equipment and starters. So now to decide which to try first - kefir, kombucha or cultured veggies since I want to limit outlay on supplies. But I am convinced it will be so good for our guts once I get started.
Haven't read it yet but it came intact
Very interesting, how cultures have difficulty with assimilation into another . The book opened up about the struggles of the youth in a rural area . Their traditions sacred , and the longing of this young girl to reclaim her lineage, yet belong to the modern world with her new family.
I love the availability to books to rent. It is so convenient and saves a ton of money.
Easy to read lettering. A little fatter than I would like, but otherwise compact. Very brief concordance.
Interesting read. Much better than some of her other stuff recently.
Good reference book to refer to as needed.
Paperback was in good condition., almost like new.
The story started out a bit slow and I wondered if I was going to be disappointed as I like this author. However as I got into the story, it got better and stronger. The message of the book was far more intuitive than I believed the book to be. It's more than a mystery! The story came together and I thoroughly enjoyed the second half.
DEAN KOONTZ NEVER FAILS TO WRITE COMPELLING NOVELS WITH COMPELLING CHARACTERS.
Little known history made interesting, and easy to read.
The book had been used but it is in really great conditions. It's a great book! Thanks
Retired so guess use this winter
book is different but has a lot of helpful information.
After a somewhat slow start the book was engrossing and a very good read
I wss dissappointed. I wanted easy to read maps of the different continents. I would like to know more about all the different countries and where they are.
Love the designs of this book, single sided pages are a plus but paper quality is bad. I use a cardboard to put behind the page for markers which IMO you need to make these designs really pop. Even with the thin paper the designs are good enough for a 4 star review.
Bought for a 3 year old who is passionate about sea life. Very cool info, so much to learn. The only thing is that the art style kind of puts me off, with all the fish having 2 squint eyes on one side of their heads like Picasso of the sea. However, this book is requested a lot for reading time, so the kid likes it. I kind of want to get the bug one, but I am apprehensive about more bugs with 2 eyes on one side of their heads.
good way to pass spare time.
my son liked the book
Good story but the last 40 pages were out of order so as I read it I really had to think how the story needed to be understood. It certainly was confusing. Wish the publisher had proof read this before printing.
Another old favorite which was difficult to find. We enjoyed it (my great granddaughter anf me!)
Great for 2nd graders
So, I know this forum is not meant for me to review the book. Good thing as I am only 1/5 of the way through but I am enjoying the story. That being said, ordering was easy and the book got to my doorstep fairly quickly. I will say that the print is a little on the small side and it's not easy to see even with my 'cheater' glasses. So, for those with older eyes, perhaps there is an edition of this book with larger print.
Perfect gift for kids who love reading. Costco sells a similar book set too.
This is a beautifully illustrated book and very well written. I didn't realize that it was a "self-help" type book to promote self-love. I like the overall thoughts about that in the book. I think the majority of the projects look really fun and I plan on trying most of them out! A fun, vibrant book!
I absolutely see myself making these recipes for a special occasion or party. Not sure how feasible it is for a family of 5 with a busy schedule. I love the perfect blending of fresh, Mexican ingredients with southern dishes!
I enjoyed this novel. I started off slowly, but it picked up.
My daughter loved this book.
The tips and tricks are fun to read and some are really helpful.
Accidentally ordered two and it would not allow me to cancel one. This was for a gift and now I am stuck with an additional one
Was what I expected but shipping was longer than normal Amazon orders.
My 5 yr old grand daughter loved this, only issue is it is not totally mess free as when you scratch off the black on the pages it leaves the little black mess everywhere. Other than that, we love it.
We love this book! So much room to practice tracing. The issue is it jumps from tracing to practicing full words. No transition in between.
Good read. Definitely different from the web series as it changes a few details but nothing major.
The kids are happy with the book, and the stickers are shiny and of good quality. The early reading aspect seems appropriate, but it seems really short because of it (although it's probably not short to kids working through the words).
Some of the designs are hard to recognize.
The book was pretty good in getting you familiar with the ITIL foundation. however there are some concepts that are missed and not mentioned in the service design phase. also the Underpinning Contract definition is not correct in the book. It can use some extra terms to be added. Overall it is a quick and rough way to get a crash course in knowing ITIL so it does the job.
Should be for teenage and older children.
Cool sleek case, just like the picture. Has done a decent job of protecting my phones from drops!
This is an excellent read for those fascinated with Appalachian culture, like myself. It's not a unique story by any means but the author does an admirable job at sharing his tale of upward mobility while also giving context on the past, present and future or rural American living.
The book is good but the package was damaged, Brock some part on the cover. We still gonna keep it, but hope it won't happen to other buyers.
My 4-year-old grandson quickly learned the various rhymes and "reads" along. We have to stop frequently to talk about the pictures and the very unlikely scenarios... we love this book.
One of us is vegetarian and the other is not. I am the meat eater and love both the meat recipes and the vegetarian ones. I love that we can both find lots of things to make and have loved most all the recipes. Only knock is that a lot of the recipes are high in carbs and fat. Makes it hard to fit into my day sometimes. Even after altering where necessary. Bonk burgers are great for meal prep though and my new favorite way to make burgers
Straightfoward and uses proper medical terms, but very easy to follow and each section is really short. Drawings for each topic.
Required for school. Book was in good condition. Delivery was timely.
Stop the never ending rat race.
Pages were not cut Properly. Bad quality for a 25th anniversary book. The content of the book is good.
it was what I expected
It's a good story. Unfortunately, the pacing is all over the place after chapter 5. It seams to go at a Sonic-like pace at chapter 6 and then slows down to a grueling crawl around chapter 10. Other than that I love the book. The first 5 chapters happen to be my favorite, I love the exploration of the village, we get a good look at our main characters and important side characters. It's a great set up for the rest of the story. In all I think this is a great book and I'd recommend it to close friends.
I enjoy the series. Many interesting twists.
Don't get me wrong I love my book but I knocked off 1 star because there isn't as many illustrations. I think Jim Kay is so talented and I get it Goblet of fire is a bigger book. It's just that I felt it had too many white pages and not enough illustrations. The pages that are illustrated are done so well. As a collector I do reccomend this book but pulling out the sorcerer's stone it has illustrations nearly every other page. With that being said I did enjoy rereading and check out his masterful work along side JK Rowling takes my breath away.
My program required the e-book and didn't offer a printed version, so I bought this to highlight and take notes in. It fit my needs for class perfectly! Four stars given because the binding was falling apart as soon as the book was delivered, but a little hot glue fixed that problem right away.
Same as for the book 2 and planner.
A wonderful book filled full of stories
Very small print, but has everything!
Exactly what I was looking for.
Loved this when a group of us purchased one for a woman at work. Felt this one didn't fluff up as much, but otherwise love it.
Better than paying bookstore price by far !
Was for a gift. Granddaughter Loved it. Riordan, Percy Jackson fan. As I am. Will borrow this set when she finishes. Haven't read these yet.
I needed this book for class, turns out it's very intresting.
I really like these cards and love the witchy feel to them. The images are absolutely beautiful. Specifically The Moon, The Star, The Page of Cups, and The Chariot to name some of my favorites. I know I'll be using this deck often. While the digitally imposed photos of real people in the card can create a closer connection to it, the reality can at times also be distracting. For example, The Page of Swords is a pretty up-close picture of a young man and I just keep thinking of how he looks like someone I went to college with. Another really small thing that bothers me is the Ten of Pentacles has this picture of a sweet grandfather in a silky grey and green robe in the forefront and in the back is a photo of what looks like a modern-day home with a couple holding each other. The image of this grandfather doesn't fit with the image of this modern house. It actually really clashes with the rest of the deck. But the main reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because the card quality is pretty cheap. They are super flimsy cards that will undoubtedly get bent very quickly. Overall, I do love the deck. If the card quality were decent I'd give it 5 stars.
A funny little book by our favourite author so far. Silly, yet not stupid, with easy to understand yet subtle humour. Nothing ground-breaking here, but it's fun, it carries a good message, and the illustrations are great as usual.
Haven't had time to read it. It was a girl. But Dan Walsh is my favorite writer.
I rented this book and it arrived quickly, it was lightly used but so far it has served my purpose. Good quality rental.
Nice accompaniment to the salt block
I liked the relationship between Jojo, his sister, and his maternal grandfather and even his maternal grandmother although she was terminally ill throughout most of the book. I also liked the stories and even the communication with the spirits of the dead. What I didn't like was the substance use and basic child neglect and selfishness of Jojo's mother, even though I know that's how many addicts are. I found it hard to like her, in fact, I didn't like her at all. It was well written and I liked the toggle between the characters in the book. The reason for the four stars was the mother's character. Sorry, but that's how I felt about her.
Such sweet spirits these two beautiful people have. Have enjoyed discovering more about these icons and their deep friendship.
I haven't used it yet, but had a lot of readings with it.
Only gave this a 4 because it is a little scary for the age group but the illustrations are outstanding!
I truly can recommend this book.
Challenging. Just what is needed.
My grandson loves this series!
This may work for people that already have the mason jars sitting around taking up space but for those who don't do a lot of canning, then purchasing the jars, lids, and rims is an added expense. That said, I have made some of the recipes and stuffed them in ziplock bags. Works but not as neat. You do need to get all your ingredients ready before you start because a lot of these dry goods take in a little air (humidity) each time you open them. The prep book is stacked with my other cookbooks for now. Not sorry I bought it, just now sure this is the road I want to travel.
I've use this type of books for years this is the first time they did not include the data files that go along with the exercises in the book. They should really make it available to all customers the data files are part of the book.
gift for my sister. she is loving how ez the drinks are. she wanted to get fit for the new year.
Almost everything is good about this book. The paper is good for colored pencils, I like most of the pages, the pages tear out nicely. My one big drawback is the thickness and blackness of some of the drawings. On some of the trees, for instance, there is little space to color, the black is so heavy.
Enjoyed style of writing. Interesting read. This is actually the last book of a series. I plan to read previous books.
This is a really beautiful book that makes a great gift. The blue text on the spine is a bit off but the look and feel of the rest of the cover is really nice.There is a very colorful sunset in the front pages and a nice twilight scene on the end pages. The paper is somewhat thin compared to other leatherbound books I've seen but fine and the page design is very basic and plain. Even if you never get around to reading the classic western novels it looks really nice and feels great in your hands.
It's a great set if you deal with healing mostly. Seems a bit limited. Still good depending on your needs.
I love it!!!! only thing is four of the pages are blurry so it's hurt to color but the rest of the book is great happy with my purchase 😊
Feels more like a picture book than it should. I get that people like food pics, but it could use about 30-40% more actual written content.
Gave the book to my nice, My discovery is I can only draw flies and water buckets
Very interesting and easy to read some times a bit too technical in language
good, easy read. Received it right on time in great shape
Good information to have but are very heavy to take traveling. I bought two books, one on each county I will be visiting.
A great read. As a former DEA Task Force Agent, I found it to be an accurate depiction of how investigations are structured
Straight shooting, no bull, get it done and win.
I enjoyed the whit and the story very much. It was a fast read and a good selection for our book club.
I did not enjoy this book as much as the first one, but it was still pretty great. Characters stayed true to their established personality and the plot kept the page moving.
It arrived on time and was in great quality but my son couldn't really get interested in it.
Written just like she talks
I loved all the twists and turns. Some parts of the book were slow but overall it was an entertaining read that kept me guessing and interested. A definite must read.
Makes you think as to the evidence of ones faith and the necessity to be able to articulate the reason why you believe in Christ.
Really funny and an unusual idea! Loved looking up each Saint to see what the author had for them. It's a heavy book (weight) to hold.
The illustrations are adorable and it's a very quick read with a cute story. My daughter loves peeps and everything related to them, this was no exception. However, the book is a bit repetitive to me, an adult, reading it. My 3 year old didn't think it was, she enjoyed it!
It is very detailed, especially in the build-up to December 7th. 150 pages in, and still on December 6, 1941.
A story about a horseman's journey through self-awareness and self-reflection as he expands his experiences in different disciplines. His main goal seems to be a search for the meaning of horsemanship that pushes past traditional lines and communicates to all horses regardless of bloodlines. Engaging read for anyone who loves horses from the observer to the professional.
Good book. Smaller than I thought it was going to be. We got our 4 year old the big preschool book also. He blew through this one in less than a week. I'd recommend it for a younger child maybe just starting to learn letters,numbers, etc.
It's a good book... very thorough... I was looking more for a quick reference guide
interesting if youre a Kurt fan. thick. paper feels like drawing paper ,nice!
A great read that included a discussion of all the major theories on the lost colony. It leaves the reader with a reasonable idea of what may have happened.
A good way for kids to review what they have learned. There are occasional mistakes in the answer pages. It is quite rigorous, so if your child struggles at all in school, I would probably order a younger grade level to work on or you will find both you and your child becoming frustrated.
Very interesting story, and a very easy read. I thought it would have been more suspenseful though. Read a little more like a history book.
I learned quite a bit about the listed produce: vegetables and fruits. A good toilet break book.
Easy read and was shipped in a timely matter.
Very well written. And very scary
I loved it it is so pretty! Yet the small cardboard squares for the front did not look correct, I suggest putting something else on the front.
I really enjoy these cards. They have clear messages and really help me feel connected to the divine. I took off one star because they are sticky and kind of hard to shuffle, but still high quality!
just what Mom needed
Great functional calendar. I was expecting something slimmer, along the lines of the simple stapled together calendars that pop up all over the place around Christmas time. This was much sturdier with a thicker cover and legit binding. It's more like a thin book. I would like to have a plastic protector since I'll be using this for near 2 years and want to ensure it lasts being pulled in and out of my purse and bags. But otherwise it's cute and the pages are nicely designed.
Our Bible Study group is thoroughly enjoying this book. Excellent modern day illustrations of miracles fill the book.
Fun, great to use when snow kept us indoors! Nice art work, busy, but real!
Will enjoy trying out the stitches from this book. Very comprehensive
I overlooked that it was a CD that you had to play along with, I thought it was a book that you could push buttons and sing along to. But overall it's cute. Very tiny though.
After reading more than two dozen books on writing (fiction, non-fiction, essays, just the act of writing, writing advice by famous authors, etc) I was starting to see the edges of that universe. What more could be learned about writing, especially something that would help me with my current project, a literary novel? Then I found Save The Cat! Writes A Novel, The Last Book on Novel Writing You'll Ever Need, Jessica Brody's homage and adaptation of a system based on another book I had no idea existed: Save The Cat! The Last Book on Screenwriting You'll Ever Need, by Blake Snyder. I was stunned. This was new territory, and a serious book on structuring the fiction novel. I was able to immediately plug it into my existing novel and see where my plot point beats needed to be. I won't rant here but I'll say this is good stuff, perhaps a bit dryer than the title suggests, but it's not trying to distract the writer, it's trying to help while not getting in the way, the sign of a good professional undertaking.
Outstanding storytelling by Mr. Lewis. Unfortunately the story ends, and the author doesn't provide any background to what became of this gentleman and his interesting life.
Would be 5 stars if the print were larger. Bought the book as it was rated best WW2 on war in Europe. Not disappointed with subject matter, but difficult to read.
An interesting, easy read. Beautifully written.
I enjoyed this book my only complaint is the authors examples often take up the limited practice space provided and having to write over her writing was very distracting and annoying.
Nice little crock pot cook book. Filled with lots of good recipe ideas. What would have made this book better is the inclusion of pictures to go with the recipe descriptions.
As a fan of Carl's other work, I wanted to read this too. I have a nephew and nieces graduating from high school and was considering this as a gift. But it really is not for the high school graduates--it's aimed at college graduates. It offers sensible advice instead of the usual rainbow and unicorn speeches delivered at commencement. There is a liberal slant to Carl's observations--no surprise there--and the beginning of the book has some profanity, so if that will be a problem, keep it in mind. All in all it's exactly what I would expect Carl to say to a bunch of twenty-somethings eager to get on with the ceremony so they can go out and start celebrating the end of four-plus glorious years in college.
I like very good products.
I really enjoyed the short story Interpreter of Maladies I found it a masterpiece of a short story. Very revealing.
the story is great but the MP3 disc is terrible 3 plus tracks are bad and you can't listen to them. This is the second one I have bought recently that has had the same problem.
Easy read... running away, starting over and finding yourself. Really enjoyed this book
Enjoying this author and this book as part of a Bible study I am part of.
I bought this as a gift for a friend who's working on keeping a budget. The planner was very nice and easy to use. Also a light hearted way of keeping tabs on your budget.
Product okay but math content too easy for my first grader.
It really does read as a D&D novel. I loved the concepts, magical items, and monsters presented. They were unique and wonderful. The siege engine! Good Lord!
Husband loves the book...good inspiration he says. A gift for him.
I received this book with the back page torn
Disappointed that there were no guitar or piano key chords above the bars. Strictly notes only. Beautiful music, though.
This was perfect for my kids and school!
Good little instructional..
It came with a long but shallow scratch on the front. Otherwise it was a high quality book.
I rarely write reviews. This book has a lot of good information in it. Worth the price
The item arrived on time in good condition, however, I found better training materials for this exam and didn't use this as often as I thought I would.
Pictures are small not quite what I thought but it is ok
Most important story of progress of the war until reaching REIN RIVER ACCURATE RECORD OF ALLIES WINNING PROGRESS
I got country in me' excellent book
definitely liked his idea of how to manage money
Subject is something that interests young guys, a group that may be hard to motivate.
Cute but wish it had more to it.
whether you buy this book to perform services, or you're just curious about the process, this book will definitely help you to find what you're looking for.
Never Touch a Dragon is another cute book in the Never Touch series. My two year old grandson enjoys it a lot along with Never Touch a Monster and Never Touch a Dinosaur. They are the first books he grabs when it's time to read.
Given as a gift. Well received.
This book explains all the nefarious ways that the left uses bullying tactics. It is very well researched and is a real eye-opener.
This little book helped to validate the grief of losing my little dog unexpectedly The author through the loss of her own dog helps you through the process of your grief as she totally relates to your loss, writing this as a way to ease her own grief of losing her furry friend. It has been a year since I lost Poppy and I am still struggling with the fact that he is gone but this book offered me support and understanding.
Love it. Great for kids or eah collectors. Some stories are new. Some youve already heard.
This is a fun book for first time dog owners and kids. It is informational and has fun pictures.
Great product. Refer to my posted pic to help you choose/decide on which one would be a good fit for you.
This book is very detailed about the order of battle by the Luftwaffe. It is not an easy read but is full of facts and figures concerning the air battle between the Luftwaffe and the RAF and allies. Many interviews with former German fighter and bomber pilots. Gives a great understanding of the factors affecting the air war.
I bought this book for my grand daughter, it brought back so many good childhood memories. And she loves it! A great classic.
This is a gift fpr someone so have no way or rating it. Person who will get this gift has always enjoyed the books I chose for him.
Intriguing storyline but annoying transitions at times from character to character without warning, or clarity.
The person I bought this for loved it! My only thing I didn't like about it is I thought it made more sense to have coffee/tea, wine, and water, not milk.
Definitely a must read but dry
Very pleased with condition of book. The delivery could have been a bit faster, but would surely order from this source again.
My daughter loves the Rainbow Magic series and she couldn't wait to read about the bunny fairy, as she is bunny crazy. The series is cute, fairly easy read (guided reading level L-M, approximately grade 2). This particular set isn't widely available. Just be aware that this set is the UK version. It is published by Orchard Books which I believe is associated with Scholastic Books. The particular set (new) I received was printed in 2006. The books are in English, but uses words like mum instead of mom, neighbor is spelled neighbour, and so on. These differences stumped my daughter who is an emerging reader. The other things that makes them a little harder to read are terms like candy floss (cotton candy). These make the books a little harder to understand/read, but we just used the differences as a learning opportunity to showcase differences in words and spellings in the USA verses the UK. These are better read together because of those differences. It helps to keep your smartphone nearby too to do a quick google search. I wouldn't let them being a UK import keep me from buying them. Scholastic doesn't currently print these, and finding a new copy is not easy. I know first hand as I had to replace one the dog got ahold of and chewed.
Bought this to learn how to deal with my ex-wife at the time. Did not finish reading it.
Book is in good condition
R.L. Stine never disappoints
While I tend to take History with a grain of salt (written by the winners, right?) I think that this book gives enough information that I had never heard of while citing laws, etc., that it was certainly worth reading and thinking about
The book is good. I just get bored. It doesn't keep my mind busy like it is suppose to. If you really don't like to color then don't get adult coloring.
Algorithms are most important to know, still has some typos and mistakes.
Great book. Blasts convention to pieces and doesn't even pick up the bodies.
Needed a small add on gift and this fit the bill. Gave the recipient a few good laughs as intended.
Interesting story. Kept my interest and I finished it in two days.
Not as good as most of other MA books, but I did enjoy it. I've read almost all of MA books and loved most to 4 or 5 stars. This I liked least of all.
Is a good beginners book helped alot with learning what each tip does.
Enjoying my book! Thanks for the prompt shipping... I will for sure be ordering more books from you.
I read this in the University during my German lit minor. It has a lot of good advice for young people in general as well as writers.
One dot per page is fine but animal pictured could be better. Good for 2 or 3 flip throughs.
I liked it, but I can't control the volume anymore with the button...
Pictures are adorable and pages good, but need a paper in between for bleeding.
Heard lots of giggles while reading the book. Arrived as promised, can't ask for more.
I want to learn from a woman's point of view besides the reading we learn in history and I'm not disappointed in the story. It taught me Women can still make a difference regardless if they did not have to right to vote at the time.
Good twist. Good factual war story as well as legal stuff. Strings you along for the main reveal and then it doesn't deliver. Or did it?
Some of these stories are repeats if you have the 5 minute Christmas stories, but they are all pretty cute. It's basically one page spread per story.
Packed with loads of information for someone wanting to learn more about sake. I found it easy to follow and understand due to my background in brewing which leads me to my main point which is that I was looking for a book more into the technical aspects of brewing sake which this book briefly touched on.
I'm a sucker for Christmas stories and this one didn't fail the test.
Lots of great recipes in this.
I didnt read it my daughter had to for school. She liked it.
Another outstanding suspenseful novel by Robert. He's at the top of my authors list.
Quite a compendium of information!
I am reviewing the book itself, not the shipper. The book was not perforated as well as other Evan Moor books.
an interesting perspective.. am still reading/practicing what is presented
Good quality, have similar issues like in other comments, but I'm satisfied.
perfect book mark and great price
I specifically liked how the study guide was set up with chapters related to specific systems with detailed information and diagrams along with practice questions and answers. Very organized study guide for studying in systems.
A great alternative to the game or just to read by itself. The art is unique and keeps you reading from start to finish. This edition covers the entirety of the story unlike the old ones split in two. The quality of the volume is notable and it looks great with all your other kingdom hearts merch. 100% recommend for any kingdom hearts fan.
I really love these cards and its messages. I would have given it 5 stars if it wasn't for the waxy coating it has that makes the cards a little hard to shuffle.
I like the book for teaching
I am not sure that any of this would work but it was entertaining.
Exactly what I expected!!
Disappointed in Quality Control
Nice hat and fits my needs however, the size is smaller than expected L/XL fits more like a S/M
I truly loved this book. It is a very kid-friendly and age-appropriate way for me to discuss my five year old's origin story with him. The underlying theme of the story is that the child was born out of a sense of being loved and wanted. It starts with a mommy who finished school bought a house and has lots of friends and family. For all intents and purposes she is very much a success. But she realizes there is something missing. The imagery is very sweet. It is an illustration of her with her heart showing and there appears to be a puzzle piece missing. It follows her on her journey to find a donor at the "bank of hopes and dreams" and a doctor who can help. The doctor uses the "donation" to make a baby on Mommy's belly. In the end mommy has the baby and you see a picture of her heart with the puzzle piece filled in. On the puzzle piece is a picture of a baby. My son loves this story. He calls it, "the book about me." Highly recommend this book to any donor-moms looking to have this conversation with your kids.
Sweet story about not comparing yourself to others and using your own gifts which are unique.
It was an interesting book. I read it and was expecting somethings to be different. I wouldn't read this at nighttime. I love Del Toro and I wanted to read this and add it to my collection.
Def a good read. Good story line all around. Story pretty much jumped right into the action and the story flowed well.
great book very helpful
Great shirt. Fits well with good print. I wish the material were a little softer, but it's not a big deal. Might buy another in a different color!
But I think he'll love it when he is a bit older
Solid product. I've had it in my office for about 4 months now. My only complain is that it could be a bit more slip resistant, this is in no way a deal breaker though. For the money it's a great value and very comfortable.
I have a collection now of Gooseberry Patch cookbooks. I love them all because they use simple ingredients that I do not have to go crazy looking for in supermarkets.
Good story fraught with the superstitions of the early Caribbean inhabitants
planning for a senior with no family and concerned about how to pass from a life if unable to function.
I am still learning so maybe when I am better at playing the piano I will say more
Interesting story of three young Japanese girls sent to the US in the late 19th century for their education and their subsequent return to life in Japan. Culture shock in first coming to America and then returning to Japan, no longer able to speak the language, after 10 years was huge. I knew very little about Japan in the early years after its forced opening to the West and this book was helpful in understanding that period as well as the samurai and court life.
This was such a cute book! A quick read about friendship and first loves and what it means to take life by the reins and keep moving forward. I literally read this in one sitting. I recommed it for a light, fun read!
This book is a must read for anyone wanting to start an online business. I read it a while a go but I bought it for my nephew as a graduation present.
Slightly aggressive, but overall a great book for kids.
the binding on the spine is terrible, but you can always buy a cheap portfolio (one with individual clear pockets) to put each page in so you can still read it
My daughter loves this book...she's only 8. I love that she's enjoying reading but some of the language and attitudes of the girls are qualities I'd rather her not pick up on. Wish this series had more positives lessons for girls to learn from.
gave these as gifts to our 2nd graders at church. they loved them. colorful and interesting. NIV regular is fine for young readers. I did NOT get the 'readers NIV' on purpose because I want them to keep the Bible until they hit highschool at least before they get another one.
This is a good book for first graders starting out to supplement their school curriculum. The illustrations are cute, fun, and well done and support the lessons' critical thinking components.
Funny but short. Very relatable
Good book full of great patterns and the instructions and photos are the best.
These cards are a great tool for healing oneself.
Arrived on time. Although the book had a rip from the seam, I can't wait to try out new and healthy recipes. Although, I don't understand why there is cheese in Paleo book. Is this for someone who is PRIMAL instead of Paleo?
Ordered for my brother he says he really likes it and was helpful with his dreams.
It is a very short book but my kids (5 and 6) love it. The jokes pertain to the Shopkins characters, so you need to look at the photo to get the joke unless you know them all already.
Cute book my husband loves it
Good book about the comic industry and the ongoing battle between DC and Marvel. The author is, however, heavily bias toward Marvel. He ignores the first 20 years of DC, most of its successes, and its domination of the industry and the fact that Marvel failed two times and, according to comic sales, is failing right now.
Good book covers everything
Daughter loved it. It's very simply written.
Good book but needed more scenarios and examples
nice easy word search for kids. book size was a little small but other wise very nice!
If you love Lisa Hunt's tarot cards, than this one is a no brainer. The card stock isn't great though.
Fascinating read. Definitely eye opening and very insightful.
Stephen Kings son is pretty good author-not quite as good as his dad, but I still enjoyed this one.
This book was a really great quick read. It was a refresher course for me but also reminded me of things I completely forgot about! This book covers everything!
Mark's previous books and many of his blog posts have captivated me. I'm a huge fan, and still am. I would definitely recommend this book to others, though it wasn't as gripping, and was a bit more uncomfortable at times, than many of the other things he's written in the past. Still, definitely check it out!
Have yet to finish , but it's first rate ,hard boiled, moist and meaty so far,and am confident of it not veering off course.
I like books about horses and the racing business,but this too much history and data to be Really enjoyable.I enjoy it ,yet I don't!
Some small stuff is incorrect but my teacher just had me make notations in my book with the correct information.
Beautiful notebook, but the paper is a little too rough for Tombow markers.
I've used a lot of different books to study for these CSET exams, and this one was one of my favorites. Good review and practice. You will need more info than what's in here to pass, but it is a good start.
Very cute book. Good read for the kids.
WORLD OVERVIEW....INTERESTING....LIKE HIS PREVIOUS BOOKS BETTER...
Be careful using colored pencils, it will leave indents. I didn't realize it was a hard cover, (wasn't paying attention) as it was a journal, and while the overall quality is very good, the hard cover is inconvenient to carry around.
Interesting read if you're a Tesla fan. No other person has done more to improve the quality of life for humanity. Imagine living without electricity, electric motors, remote control, radio broadcasts, and fluorescent lights. Genius!
I like photos of finished item
Too wordy. Skipped first 37 pages. I like the recipes. This book is a great companion to the 28 day dash diet book
Great book for Easter speeches
Generally like this author as a good story teller with great descriptions of characters and setting. Plot kept me reading, would have given it a5 but the ending left me hanging...
This book must have a CD and the package does not have it. But on the internet you can download the 6 free CDs. The book arrived in perfect condition.
For the price, it was a great bargain.
Has a lot of information, not as many activities as I would've liked
This book contained many cliches pertaining to black people. All in all that didn't overpower the valuable resources given out throughout the book .
Either my son, who just barely turned 4, is a genius or these mazes are too easy to be labeled for 5 year olds. He still has fun with them, but I wish they were a little more challenging.
Have not had a chance to really use this but in looking at it great tool
Inner pages have larger spaces between lines than expected (wide ruled) and the quality of the pages are kind of like a coloring book, but I'd say it was worth what I paid for it and I'll only be using it for the second half of the year. They should really have a preview of the inner pages. Otherwise, it's pretty nice.
I love all Campus Camp books. This was not my favorite, however, as it had too much mystical stuff...
My girl likes this. She finds it written to her level without being demeaning or making her guilty or uncomfortable
A very easy read that was quite intriguing! Due to language and some content I would say a HS read.
This book is one of my favorite ones! love every page of it! Once I'm done with it, I think I will order it again. 👌
Written over 20 years ago and my friends and self could definitely add more truths to this book, but ..... it is written by a man and it is surprising that he had so much incite way back when!
Fun book with nice illustrations and writing.
It is super cute and fits really well! I am 5'6" and wear a size 12 jeans and a M-L top.
Good books. Not in original condition like I thought
What an exciting little book. The patterns and and instructions easy and fun to work with. Absolutely love my book.
Wish it came with variety of sizes.
I had to get the book for summer reading and finished reading it in 3 hours. It is a fun book and has a interesting topic.
It's exactly what it purports to be. A little disappointed the folds are square, but it's a minor thing.
Seems perfect for gifts or as a personal treat for those who enjoy beautiful writing journals. I use it to keep track of certain personal to-dos and activities. While I still use apps, it is nice to go old-school when you have something lovely to write in. The antique-colored pages are lined and have about a 1 inch blank header and a small, 1 line-sized footer. The paper has a smooth finish, nice weight (thicker than regular paper, but not too thick), and is gilded at the edges. I haven't tried calligraphy yet so I am curious as to how well the paper absorbs such inks. Will update review when I do. NEGATIVE: I dropped a star because the back cover has a large sticker that is difficult to remove. I carefully removed the sticker as I was worried the backing might tear, Unfortunately, areas of the back finish are slightly marked and dulled from the sticker removal. They need to use different stickers or affix the sticker to clear wrapping.
Great little book. I read it to my son. It would be even more empowering for a little girl.
Plotting wasn't quite as intricately woven as most of Walker's other Bruno novels, but it's always nice to visit with the familiar characters of St. Denis. Bruno can cook for me anytime.
Classic book, great read! Theoretical but also practical. Author of writes about fragment exercises you can do which I found interesting
Condition of book was as expected due to ad information. Arrived in unexpected record speed. An amazing book Thank you
its a challenge, which I like, but its very tough
Super cute, fun way to keep in touch. I love the log in the back and enclosure stickers are included!
It's exactly as described
Book in good condition.
A hit with my grandson!
Lots of information. Easy to read.
Brain quest are my favorite books. These are very small though.
Just received the Bible in mail. Overall really love the look and feel of it. The only complaint I have is the words of Jesus aren't in red. I've always liked that feature in other Bibles. So I am a bit disappointed.
I especially like tea cups, so this book is so much fun for me. Each picture does take time and thought.
I was pleasantly surprised when I got this book. It is very informative, the pictures are good and it's easy to read. I took away one star because as someone who is trying to learn the book does not allow,I would say an ease of access. It would be much better if it was spiral-bound.
Make sure to buy the correct one as I bought it for the wrong class. Otherwise it looks like it would be helpful
It is a shame that this runs so small, it's actually quite a nice hoodie.
I love Mark Greaney's Grey Man series. Red Metal is almost as good as Tom Clancy at his best, but to me it seemed as though the plot points of China and the rest of the world's response were somewhat overlooked or de-emphasized. It is very difficult to put down and I completed it within a week of starting it. The action is very well described and the strategy used by the Russians is certainly creative. It combines elements of land, sea and air. I have heard that this may become its own series. If so, I would likely read every one.
This is a very thorough book, with LOTS of birds. The information is great, and the hand-drawn birds are very well done. But it takes me forever to find the bird I want to identify. If I don't know whether it's a wren, sparrow, thrush, etc, I have to look through every page until I find a close visual match. Maybe I'll get better use of the book once I learn more about bird identification.
The touch was not as Furry as advertise
Stories are good and my wife and I really wanted to find a bible to read to our son who is two where he can enjoy the pictures and have a good message attached to it. Not always impressed with the stories or the way it is written but you can see it was made for a story book for little kids. It leads to a good foundation. I would purchase it again if I had the chance for my two year old but I don't know if I would purchase it for my nephew who is 5. It has a cut off age range I feel. Again, great book for quick and colorful stories for my two year old.
This is a history of WWII in Europe from women's point of view. It gives details not found in history books. The women interviewed describe their feelings along with their experiences. This is not a "pretty" book because it contains graphic experiences of the brutality in war but it also shows the heroism and strength of the women who fought in it. As an aside, I learned something about the complexity of the politics of Eastern Europe in those years.
Great book for my son. Reading not just playing the game is awesome!
There's room to write, the journal's size is perfect and it looks cute. The paper's quality is good and opaque. I'm quite happy with that product for the moment. I just bought it so I don't know how it's going to handle the next 5 years. I fear it might not be solid enough but it's too early to say.
The book is lovely! It was way smaller than I anticipated though. I should have looked at the dimensions.
Awesome artwork, but written as if Dandelion wrote it and its just kind of weird.
Cute book. The daughter in it seems a little too angry though lol but I like that its for boy girl twins and it will help my babies learn about themselves.
This was a gift for my friend. She is very happy with it. She said the print isn't quite as big as some large print bibles she has seen, but she still likes it a lot.
Worth buying for toddlers...
I'm very happy with this purchase and can't wait for hubby to redeem the coupons.
Still using it in our Sunday School class. May take almost a year, lots to discuss!
Just starting on the guitar and this is the first book I've used. Really like it so far.
Got this to use for a Christmas present for my brother-in-law who served as a helicopter gunner in Vietnam. He absolutely loved it.
It Harry Potter, obviously it's good.
Very well put together, a bit daunting, but looking forward to working with the book.
Very attractive book. Not as many pics as I hoped. Cover is very durable.
The book I ordered was a little late getting to me, then problem,but amazon express to avoid more delays. I save $20 on the compared to school store, it was used but excellence. I was satisfied with it's condition when I receive the book
The Bible itself is really beautiful- I absolutely love all the work that was put into making it and the way everything is laid out. PROS: - Beautiful hand lettering - half price on Amazon compared to Blessed is She's website - Hard cover is a plus! - prior to each book is an outline which divides the different sections of the books - Margins are wide enough to journal, add notes, paint, etc. - the chapters are 2x the size of the verse numbers, which help to distinguish between each chapter - a couple extra pages in the back for extra notes and whatnot CONS: - Pages are slightly thinner than my current Bible. I use a Pilot g2 and Staedtler fineliner pens and you can see it from the back (but it doesn't bleed through all the way). - heavier than your typical Bible (I probably won't use it if I travel, but I will definitely be using it at home and around my college campus!) Overall, if you're looking to invest in a good Bible, I definitely suggest this. But be aware of the small cons!
The book is in ok condition. Just like the other I revived, the spine and some pages are very used; however, it will get the job done.
This tracker, like all written trackers is a lot of work. A bit overwhelming really but includes all the necessary factors to track after surgery.
Well written and interesting.
This is a very cool book. The best thing about it are the illustrations. If you are looking for in depth information about the plant world....this is not the one. I'm thinking about getting the poster book and framing some of the pages. My only con is that I wish the book was a little smaller. It is the same size as the poster book.
I'm a Spanish native speaker and I always struggle to get books that are properly written in Spanish. I'm OK with this book only because my 6 yr old is able to read it and even if the translation doesn't make any sense, it's true to their graded reading level.
I really like this coloring book. I'm still coloring Diana Ross! So helpful for my anxiety. Grab those colored pencils or gel pens.
It was nice and fit the situation perfectly
This book is huge. but it has some great ideas to try.
We bought this before going to Disney World in October 2017. My husband is an Disney World aficionado and liked this book. It was accurate and had helpful information. He also got a boat load of info on line. Sometimes it is nice to have a book to look at. I bought it as a gift and my husband enjoyed it.
Great for moving across the country!
Like the context and quality of pages, but the binding is poor and the back pages keep coming off. Only had it a few weeks and the back is beat up because the cover doesn't stay on.
I was surprised how large these were (even though they came with measurements). The 30 balloons were easy to fill and looked great. The confetti balloons were a disappointment so I took off a star. The confetti just sits at the bottom. I tried rubbing the balloons with a shirt to get some friction going but they still looked sad.
I think this Bible is perfect for my needs. I am new to a Bible study program and the life application of the scripture is so valuable to me. The pages are a bit thin but I can overlook that given the benefits this edition provide.
Nice water colors and the coloring book is think and full of nice pictures of all the characters good for ages 4 and up.
The design of the books is perfect for camping trips and plane rides, where space and weight can be a premium. The content isn't perfect, but good enough.
It's a great book full of new delicious recipes. I don't think we need as many model pictures of just Kristin though.
Great book for those little girls that always want to wear dresses even when they are doing activities that pants would be safer for them.
Long read, interesting
My 6 year old grandson got a great start with this book!
That's book is interesting. The book help me a lot to pass the test,good material and information. The way can you improve your product is to continue making more books to help other people. I like the book. Thanks you
Super glad I had it along. Earlier reviews regarding font size were helpful: so much is crammed in that the type is tiny! Provided a LOT more info than the casual tourist (as opposed to a traveler who is living in Morocco, even temporarily) would need. I'd vote for less grammar if it could be replaced by a small Moroccan-to-English dictionary in the back.
Got this for my daughter for Christmas. She loves it.
Really enjoyable read, not perfect - but really good. Have loaned this to friends who enjoyed it as well. I feel like parts of the story (the description of the storm) were a bit drawn out, perhaps a bit bloated to boost page count. Beyond that minor critique, it is a fascinating story of survival.
Great book on how to Biblically follow your dreams. Encouragement to not fear or have anxiety but to trust God at every turn.
Very nice and easy to erase. Only thing is the #4 is not how they teach it.
very informative if you want to can your eating for better health.
I got this thinking that it was a strategy guide for all three games. It is only a reference book to all three but the maps alone are worth getting it for. The maps show: items, bonfires, NPS, bosses, and more. I'm so happy never accidentally run into a boss that I'm not prepared for again. If you're like me and have to look on the internet every 5 minutes for where something or someone is then this is a book for you. I only wish that the pages that showed the weapons, armor, and spells pages showed stats. Otherwise, it would be perfect. Since I pre-ordered it I got $20 discount which always makes things better for this heavy well built book. I also like the slip cover, book mark ribbon, and the art photos. Praise the sun!
A present for my niece who loves this series. Not as good as “If You Give a Mouse a Cookie.”
Very good condition!
Very good introduction to the complex subject of genetic genealogy.
Having played many iterations of this game, I have to say that 5th edition has made the game fun again without getting too mired in the complex rules that made the game inaccessible to so many people who might otherwise have given this tabletop classic a try. The book itself is pretty solid, and it has lots of nice illustrations. I can't give it 5 stars though because I feel that it omitted some of the most iconic and important monsters from previous versions of the game. It's a good start, and maybe Wizards will one day release a second volume that completes this one.
I enjoyed this run as a whole, but the last volume is special because it takes place *after* The Last Jedi, acting as a cap on that story and the first hint of where the galaxy will be in Rise of Skywalker.
I just started a modified KETO diet and this boo was recommended. Some great recipies and excellent advice.
Wanted something funny for grandsons to learn manners. They thought I was crazy. But it did spark some conversation about manners.
One of the best out there.
Good quality. Wish it was smaller in size
This was a nice inexpensive photo book that we used for wedding pictures for my parents. It is simple but works fine.
I didn't learn much from it for myself, I wanted more intermediate instruction, but friends who were starting out loved the book!
Too difficult but at least the answers are in the back
A wealth of information with color wheels and other graphics. I was hoping for something less complex, but perhaps color principles cannot be reduced much further.
Kido loves this book for night time prayers. Is one of the ones we read before bed time.
My 2 yr. old granddaughter LOVED the pictures and repeats the rhyme. She would give it 5 stars I am sure. I just wish it would vary the rhyme just a little. Cute doggie!
The book could be improved if the authors had access to the kernel source code. Instead they examine dll entry points.
Bought it for my 2yr old granddaughter, but the story is too much for that age. Will keep for when she is ready.
A long book but reads quickly. Writing is clear. Naval action tied to its effect on and participation in the land war. A good introduction to the naval history of the era. More photos would have welcome. Maps are clear but in tiny print in this edition. An accompanying atlas of WWII naval battles would help the reader understand maneuvers and strategy. Recommended.
Elderly mother's favorite Word play puzzle book thus far... mostly due size of puzzles ...
Perfect for teens wanting to study the BOM and who already are familiar with the book
Good price what we needed
New condition, exactly as expected.
Gwen has a great sound and I like that there are quite a few original songs on this CD. A fun addition to any Christmas music collection.
It worked out perfect
my own info.I am 89 yrs old and all the old and good actors I can remember and often wondered what happened to them. it was god to read about them again thank you
An absolutely beautiful deck. The cards are perfect and the box is a work of art in itself. My big let down is the state of my box lining... the red insert was torn in two places at the top of the cards. Not the kind of quality I expect from a new deck of cards.
I would have given it 5 stars but there are no photos. It's easier to tell if a recipe might be good if we can see a photo of it.
Seems like a reasonably good book but the photos for memorization questions are extremely low resolution. Text on a lot of signage can't be read at all, and certain parts of the scenes are blurry to the point that it's hard to pick out details for the sake of answering questions based on them. If this is the sort of thing that you're hoping to practice with this book, I might recommend looking elsewhere.
We were very pleased with the transaction. This devotional has been my wife's favorite for the past 20 or so years.
Good book, but not much information on Mississippi.
Good book. A little repetitive . For new editions maybe needs to add new ingredients from South of the border that will help with lots of illnesses.
good read - I have read this book before but I was purchasing this book as a gift for someone else. The front cover is folded inward. I have bought and returned this book and received my new item only to have the same issue. I will be returning the item again and purchasing from a different seller.
My daughter got this book for Christmas. It is great to be given so many ideas of things to draw. I just wish there was some sort of instruction or a picture to copy. It is literally an empty book.
Nice book if you want to learn more about him and his journey. Got it for a gift.
Recommended by my friend, very useful content, contains simple details can make difference in your life.
We have all had those bosses that go wild. This is a fun and quick book to read and gives great points of views from both sides of the table on how to handle your wild boss!
This book is a bit slow, but it really makes you think. You will be left questioning your morals and values. Not a bad read if you are needing to write about ethics of wartime or argue about the validity of war.
good collection of plans
Amazing book filled with ideas of being true to self.. no matter how bad "the self" is.
I enjoyed the book a lot. But, did not find it "hilarious" as advertised on the cover.
Great story. Lots of insight into Asian culture. Serious and fun at the same time.
I buy this book every year.
Very cute and easy to track milestones with the stickers.
Sean Penn gets weirder and weirder. The book is at first hard to follow and there is way too detail and foot notes but if you get thru that it is pretty interesting reading
Product delivered and in good condition.
This is much larger than a normal board book. I was expecting it to be small like the one I checked out from the library. Maybe it was an older edition.
These books from Eyewitness collection are Ok for a first and general idea about the subject for teenagers.
This is not as good as his books the Dalai Lama's Cat series.
Very nice Bible but printing was not as large as I had hoped.
Great perspectives on the seriously tough job of being a good parent in a world that works against personal, spiritual convictions.
This is a worthy book and deserving of the Pulitzer. The characters are strong and the story fits them and the theme well. However, to me it would have been better if it were about a hundred pages shorter. The almost ad infinitum praise of trees wore a little thin, and I love trees.
This book is good for the price. It covers just about everything for the SAS base programming exam. I would recommend the SAS exam prep guide, though, for more comprehensive review.
Much bigger than i expected lol but the book is perfect !
Good book, a little hard to understand at times, but I enjoyed it.
It was a good book for guests to share and sign their names
The book is well written and interesting. I'm enjoying it very much.
Great read! The beginning of the book was a bit boring to me until the end of Part 1, then things started to happen. The book will make you think about how our choices can have a domino effect on other people's lives and our own.
spoiler alert: Plants know and perceive more than people assume. They can "see" and "hear" and "remember" - but differently than humans. This book rocked my mind and I think about my garden and houseplants and the trees on my walks in a new way. The only reason I can't give it 5 stars -- despite excellent research, this book lingers on points and the writing can get long-winded for us non-scientists. I mean, if I was a biologist, perhaps it would be just right. But for the average reader, expect to have to really focus in some of the more drawn-out science-y parts. Keep your laptop handy, you might need to look up science words. I had to. Overall though, 100% work the work for the info presented!
I like this because the pictures are Victorian-looking. However, it had more grey area than I expected & I like to shade my own art.
Great book for first time bird owners and seasoned bird owners. Has wonderful recipes and the photographs are helpful.
My 18 month old girls loved this book for Easter. It is read to the tune of the Itsy Bitsy Spider. As a parent this is one of the books I don't mind reading over and over again.
Every child needs to k ow how much they are loved. This book was simple and beautiful.
this is the second one I have purchased, I just haven't had the chance to use it much this time around.
Short and to the point
Glad I purchased but does not compare to her earlier cookbooks.
There isn't enough literature out there that talks about what it is like to live between two cultures. This book has a variety of different essays from entertainers, comedians, and other famous individuals on fitting into the American culture and keeping their ties to their backgrounds. Within all of the essays, there is a common theme of being proud of who you are and where you came from. Highly recommend reading, some of the essays are light and short reads.
Other reviewers have left enough details about the book that I won't waste time with that here. I read Wool and enjoyed it, however, it had been a couple of years and I had forgotten many of the details. I would have probably benefited by rereading it before starting Shift. That said, I did catch up pretty quickly so I wasn't lost. I found the last several chapters a bit confusing as I had to flip back and forth between them to reorient myself - a negative for me. It does speak well for Howey that I continued to read even with that major issue. I will read Dust next as I am anxious to find out the outcome. Fingers crossed that it is hopeful as Wool and Shift can be quite depressing.
While the recipes are good, I thought they'd be more healthy.
Can't wait to use this journal and see what happens in the next 5 years. What a clever invention
Very helpful book, goes with his other books. Good reference.
Really good book that every woman I know will identify with in one chapter or another about what it's like to be a woman in today's world, as well as the stuff we deal with growing up. I love her column in the Guardian that calls out bad behavior AND good behavior along with making us laugh, which is why I bought it, and I appreciated the heart she exposed in this book. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because in the last chapter or two around having her kid, it didn't seem to flow with the rest of the book.
Kinda spooky, but not like a ghost-story; more like Cassandra in the middle of downtown.
We have a few of the “How do Dinosaurs...” books and my son loves them. I can't tell you how many times I've read the book, said the end, just to be prompted to open it up and start all over again and again and again and again. No fuss from this momma though. They are super cute and give life lessons that my son can carry with him not to mention the beautiful illustrations that help his imagination boom.
Read this as an added extra to other material and videos. I highly recommend this book along with a secondary source such as another book and vids. The book does a great job reinforcing the highlights important for the test, so after reading it once, you can simply go back to the end of chapters for the chapters review given in bullet points.
And the underdog RISES UP! I loved this book. I love anything with plot twists and mental health though....
The material in the book is well structured and explains terms and strategies in layman's terms. There is definitely an information overload for beginners so I would urge them to take their time to read and understand concepts.
It is a very nice book to read.
This was a perfect parting gift for friends that let us stay in their casita. I liked the detail in the pages. was perfect. would recommend.
I haven't gotten around to using the book much since my purchase. I have flipped through it to get a flavor of how it's set up. There is color templates, of course, with a small writing about each species on the opposing page. I am glad to have purchased it as there isn't a lot of books out there on moths specifically. I only rate it 4 stars for now because I haven't gotten to use it much.
Chosen as a Christmas gift. Will have to let you know.
I haven't gotten into this book yet.
Haven't read it yet.
Perfect gag gift for a dog lover. Recipient laughed out loud and has it hanging in his office!
Good book but need a basic understanding of music theory.
This product was a gift. The person I gave it to is enjoying it immensely.
I got what I ordered, I'm pleased that it arrives safely
This is a decent cell phone holder. It holds my Note 8 fairly well. It is not a snug fit but it is easy to take your phone out and in. The wireless charger works well, I havent had it for long so we'll see the longevity of it. It fits snug onto the vent. All in all it's an ok buy. Honestly I will probably look for a different holder in a little while but for now it is ok.
It's nice but I bought it for someone with cognitive impairment and limited eye sight and the numbers are hard to see
Fascinating technical research presented in understandable language. More information about exactly what is living healthy and how to do it and why it contributes to a more enjoyable life. This is information that really helps you make good lifestyle decisions. Sometimes it is hard to make unpopular decisions and you need this kind of ammunition.
My daughter really enjoys this book, its cadence is a little off but its a fun read and the illustrations are great. we spend more time just talking about the illustrations then actually reading this book.
Small. Cheap. Lightweight. Contains most of what you need for a casual trip.
Love these books from my childhood and now so does my son. Didn't realize though that they are not full size, only smaller versions about 4x4 inches.
I just got this book. I ordered it because I work in a very competitive industry in which women are catty. I constantly experience envious and jealous looks from women at my jobs. Long story short, after doing the sword banishing , this one woman who I worked with on a pervious job and who also acted very jealous of me (even though she had a better paying position than me) -well she just randomly blocked me on Facebook. I was nothing but nice to her. Not sure if this has anything to do with the book or just chance. I do feel lighter after performing the sword banishing.
Interesting. However, not for the beginner.
It's a solid review of pharm and easy to understand.
I got this when I got my Vitamix 5200 to get into heathy smoothies. It does have lots of options for you. Some of the recipes seem to call for a greater number of ingredients than I want to chase down, but overall it will provide every kind of smoothie you are looking for. Solid purchase.
If you work in the corporate word, you will laugh out loud. Fun read...
Very personal account. I would have liked more 'meat', i.e graphs and figures.
Nice condition. Speedy delivery. Looking forward to reading this weekend.
Arrived slightly damaged on the spine, but most likely got injured in shipping. The rest of the book is in great condition.
Purchased on prime but is charging me for return postage. Please explain.
Pretty eerie book! Good read and well written.
Easy to read, nice to think about, well written. However, I left feeling like I didn't gain a whole lot of new information since I had looked at hygge info graphics beforehand. I think I need to find a more anthropological book on the Danes because the one mention of birthday celebrations intrigued me.
Lots of good information as well as easy to follow recipes. If you are new to kidney disease this is a good book to help you learn about what's safe to eat. It includes different information for people on dialysis and those not yet
Great book as are all by AH Riddle
I like these ok, but some of the words are impossible to get-need an easier cw book. Still enjoy it though.
It was a hassle to get this book! does any one else here have problems with usps delivering packages? well i surely do, this book comes in a box over a package that could be slipped in a mail slot so be aware. the book itself is informative, my gf, who is an aspiring actress loved it and says the advice offered in the book was rather helpful. Would definitely recommend, plus it PAM guys!!!!. excellent book
enjoy it very much.has large easy to read print
Gave this book to my son who really enjoyed reading it.
I enjoyed this book alot.
These were exactly what was expected and were a great alternative to buying text books. The process to buy and return was easy.
Bought this for my niece age 4. Colorful pictures make learning fun, she never wanted to practice her letter until she got this book.
Content is great tho I'm not fond of the cover but then there is that old saying ... don't judge a book by its cover.
It is a great cookbook.
It was what I was looking for
I was super concerned about the reviews but my cards were mostly fine. They did stick together some, so when I pulled them apart a little bit of the ink came off. So there are some minor scratches on some of the cards. The art is beautiful, and the book that comes with it is incredible! I also bought the journal to go with this.
Good book on one of Germany's greatest fighter pilots.
The book has obvious wear but in a good condition to read. Good price for a used book. I love Greg as a author!
Despite the cover blurb that was wrong (they are working to fix it) this was a very good story of Max and his son on a journey. Enjoyed it a lot.
A little advanced in content but fun images
Definitely smaller than I thought it would be. The quality of the print is a little fuzzy, not bad, it's still a cute notebook, and will definitely serve its purpose!
Needed for an art history class but I found the information interesting, well written book.
I like to buy used books from Amazon & have so far received books in good condition as was this book.
its exactly what it states
The writing is to small for me (I probably over looked that in the description), but other than that it's great. I use it as a go to Bible around the home.
I rented it for school, but I had to reattach the whole outside cover when it got here. otherwise, it was in great condition.
I've had this book for several years (plus others) & this is the first one I pick up every time. Goes from beginner to experienced projects with excellent instructions & pictures of the final result. Also a good section to get you started. Picked this copy up for SIL who does a little bit of kumihimo & has been wanting this particular book.
Very good chart that is easy to take with you wherever you may need it.
For my kids school...so far so good.
Easy quick read that I highly recommend for anyone.
Part of a series but not quite as well written as the first books. He did a very good job picking up the thread but it drags a bit in some areas.
This is a good book, well written beautiful cover and layout and it is textured. These stories are haunting and unsettling but in a good way. They leave you wanting more, and will grow roots in your mind. They are the sorts of stories that will come to mind in years to come. You will not look at butterflies the same again, or brides or caged birds..... This is very worth the read!
quite a bit smaller than I expected. Difficult for an old man to read
Wasn't packaged very well. Bought 2 copies, one for myself and one for my boyfriend. Both copies have a little bent corner. I don't mind as much, but my boyfriend is a collector. :(
These little tattoo books are consistent winners for us. Six good size tattoos, my girls can put them on themselves and they apply easily and cleanly.
No really breathtaking plot twists but a very solid and satisfying addition to the series
Kind of gross but my poop and fart joke loving little boy loved it.
Lots of great patterns!
I got this kit and the main thing that really struck me was how skimpy the whole kit was. The card stock is thin and of poor quality. Even the box the kit is stored in is nothing that can handle any kind of wear and tear. I'm really sorry that so many of the card manufacturers have bought into selling the cheapest versions they can for the most money. This would be a very exciting kit save for the low low quality.
Some photos would make this book better.
A very interesting historical story about a family divided by the East Berlin Wall. The true accounts of life lived under East German communism and West German democracy and the comparison and reasoning of both. It gave me a better understanding of history during a time that I lived, although I was young and not aware of world events. Very interesting read.
I've tried several of the recipes with my fiancé and they're great. The only thing I noticed is that the seasonings can be a bit strong, so just adjust to your preferences.
This seems like a great idea. Now I need to get around to filling it out. I can see where some items might need temporary post-it notes, as things will change (pets' names, for instance) over the years-----if I live that long. (ha)
My 14 year old loves this.
Twin 5 year old girls enjoyed!
Two year old grandchildren enjoyed this. I thought it was alright.
This has a lot of helpful information, and there is also some antiquated viewpoints. Overall, it's helpful if you ignore the parts that make your eye twitch.
Good book. Makes you think. Re-evaluate and reposition. TD Jake's is always on point.
Expected more step-by-step Direction was not good for young children
As an introvert with an extrovert job this book is quite enjoyable. I haven't finished yet but will do so soon.
Cute story and good message, a little expensive for a short children's book.
I really enjoyed this plot. Perhaps too much of the technical stuff but a good story. Would have given if 5 stars but the very end was a bit of a letdown- would have preferred more detail on what happened to Jeff on the planet.
My son loves this series
It is like a daily devotional for those looing for depth of Spirit, but not connected to particular Christian tradition. Very insightful, useful and helpful on journey of Spirit.
The quality of this book is exquisite, as are other books in the Macmillan Collector's Library that I have purchased. The only thing that I was disappointed with, is there are no illustrations throughout the pages, as there are in other books in the collection such as "Romeo and Juliet" and "Hamlet". Other than this minor issue, I am very pleased!
This book is adorable and the illustrations are perfect! The only caveat is that it was shipped with some bigger books and the jacket is ripped.
Great info from a history buff
It fits well on my iphone 8 and allows you to sit the phone down while protecting the camera, but it is still a little slippery since the case is protective aluminum. It clearly provides excellent protection, but I wanted something a little grippier. Fortunately, their customer service is great and they are sending me a different model (more flexible) that I expect will have the grip I desire. I'll update review when I receive that one.
I bought these for my middle school aged daughter (her request) and she loves them.
great gift for the dog lovers in the family
Good beginners book, it's a lot thicker than it looks not as in-depth as I thought it would be but good for the price.
Interesting way of going through the big book
The book itself is pretty small in size. Was expecting it to be bigger. However for the price of the book is reasonable and it makes a good add-on gift for any Fortnite fan.
I picked this up because a friend told me it was pretty good. Turns out he was right. It is pretty good and I enjoyed reading it.
Just finished reading with my 5 and 9 year old children. The story was a little hard for my 5 year old to follow, but my 9 year old loved it - he always asked to read it! The pictures are fantastic - we all loved those!
Good thickness to the pages but the coloring pages aren't very interesting.
Easy to read and understand. I felt like a lot of pieces were put together well written and informative
She wrote this book in detail and with an extremely sharp mind.
what can I say , yes I do believe...
Found lots of good examples to use in work testing applications
several spelling mistakes.
I like that its for bilingual learning but the sentences are really basic so it didnt keep my toddler daughter interested for long.
arrived on time and in good shape
This book is full of convincing details.
Very cute book. The corners of the book are not rounded like most board books, they're pointy and sharp so this isn't a book I let baby play with often. Cute story though.
Loved the story, thought it was beautifully written and had interesting world building. There were parts that were slower than other and the ending that explains the backstory was just a bit boring, but it's obviously important to setting up the next two books.
Really neat concept. Great coffee table book that bets for multiple looks. The only drawback is that you may need a magnifying glass to see the detail, and some of the prints have poor contest, leading to real eye strain.
I'm a HUGE fan of the comics and animated show. I think this one was pretty good but the missing star is due to the plot line needing to be a bit stronger. I felt that this only happened towards the end. Most of it involves touching up on the characters.
Better than the movie
Ben is my friend and I had loaned out the signed copy he gave me when it was first released and it is in the world somewhere, just not my bookshelf. Stupid, I know. 4 stars is because I read the description as hardcover. It was a paperback. Not anything to Ben's writing. His story is great. I wanted to read it again and get it signed, but I will have to find an actual hardcover for that. Too late to make a claim.
It was ok. Pretty predictable but it still kept you ready. Fast read
Book is in like new condition, however, delivery time seemed excessive.
I sent these to my son as a gift. He was very pleased.
I received my book in good condition as described.
It has help my grand daughter.
This book helped me a lot on my recent trip to Croatia.
good historical fiction.I enjoyed it.
this book give you a general information on women's health, still has this book on my bookshelf
Great advice and wisdom for those not in the majority, but seeking personal empowerment! She shares her knowledge and experience unashamedly and honestly.
Good story, just be sure to read the whole book before you read it with your kids as there may be something surprising in there depending on the grade level of the kid.
I purchased this to read on those nights when I am feeling a bit anxious or unsure of tomorrow. This is really a great little book which helps calm me, and would also make a great gift. The only thing I don't like is the some of the print is very light and hard to read in dim lighting.
Not for the uneducated even though i did go 4 years to college need a phd for this one
Love the product, exactly what my daughter wanted.... But it took over a month to arrive!!
The book was in good condition and very informative.Thank you.
My granddaughter was really excited
Perfect! It would be nice if this had a protective outer cover but it's fine as is and a fab deal?
I WISH THAT IT HAD A PLASTIC SLEEVE PROTECTOR ON EXTERIOR
Very suspenseful - held my interest. I did not like the ending.
Books are very very small,however it came as expected,nice purchase.
Descent amount of information for new bowlers wanting to learn about bowling. I found the information to be a refresher but useful
Assigned to my 8th grader she loved the book
The book came with damage to the sleeve, UPS never phoned when they came to my building and it took an exorbitant length of time to get there.
This is a must read for anyone who is concerned with the current administration. Something is definitely rotten and it is much closer than Denmark.
So far so good. I like the content and it is easy to read. Perfect for a new diabetic who likes comfort food. Thanks for breaking down the nutritional facts especially regarding carbs. This Southern thinks the book is invaluable. Great pics are a plus.
I like the dictionary but u gays charge me too much for shipping. I'm really disappointed!!!
Love this book but I wish that it could tell me about the meaning of numbers
So far so good. I have my own book for my book of shadows so that's not what I bought it for. But, it's good for notes and other things. Wish the lines were darker on the outlines, that's all.
These cards are of good quality and are beautiful. They are larger than other cards, but still easy to handle. The pictures are beautiful and the handbook is easy to read.
Needs to be updated since the author has changed a few things on his blog.
It is interesting book in Crock Pot cooking, I recently purchase the pot and wanted to have some recipes so this book came up. I am advert reader and love books , do not like much eBooks. . The good receipe I made and enjoyed by family are Eggs & Mushroom Break, It is quit easy to make Keto crock pot recipes. will proceeding with today more recipe and if have time may publish it. Recommend everyone.
Very useful and simple to understand.
Good reading if you're a teacher interested in classroom management & trying to improve students behaviors. It gives you some examples of how to doit, as well as tells the stories of teacher/students to picture different scenarios. Helpful so far.
A good book to broach the topic for temper tantrums with young children.
Pages are nice and thick. Printed on one side to also help with leaking of pens, markers, etc.
This is a great book, but is marred by the terrible font. It is light gray and difficult to read. The author has great designs and presents them in a nice way, but it is a struggle to use the book. So unfortunate.
Wish it was available on Amazon in paperback
Good book be prepared for a bit of a weird journey
This book is really cute, but it is very small and doesn't have much room to write or add things to the pages. Even though it is small it is still a nice heartfelt gift.
Works well for taking care of my elderly mother-in-law who recently suffered a stroke. We are able to track daily pain areas, BP, diet, & mood. Would be great if this was converted to an online app for tablets! We looked at electronic apps but nothing came close to comprehensively tracking the items available in this journal unless we downloaded multiple apps. Would recommend adding the ability to track water intake, shower/bathing & bowel movements. We have 2 care-takers that come into our home and they both enjoy using the book to communicate my mother-in-law's daily activities.
I like most of the images in this book; some easy, some with smaller details. What I don't like are the images where the author uses a lot of black in the design! Why? If I want black I prefer to color it in myself. Otherwise it's a nice book.
Book brings original and smart angles on the 4
It's not the absolute best and for being a minimalist book, it's very wordy.
Super small! About the size of my hand.
My husband really enjoys it on his drive to and from work. I was surprised and glad it got here so quickly. Thank you
This is a well written book for a beginning hunter or someone just trying to learn the philosophy of Fair Chase in relation to hunting. The ethics and ideals of Fair Chase are well explained and easy to understand with the authors additions of examples and short stories.
It is a good reference for daily prayer.
This book is really cool. I love all of the work sheets and how they can erase and do them over again. The marker it came with though was totally dried out and hung in the spine of the book. Getting it out damaged the spine a bit.
Gift for my birdwatching sister. She enjoys it.
As a coloring enthusiast, I wasn't real sure of what I was getting when I ordered this book. The paper is nice and sturdy, and the drawings are one sided, which is great. I used colored pencils, heavy gel pens, and water soluble markers. There was no bleed through. There are lots of very small areas to color. I only give it a 4 rating because there's not a lot of variety and I felt like I was coloring the same page over and over.
Some great recipes and pointers on smoking in here.
Loved the price, quality and the quick delivery!
My husband enjoyed this series that I read years ago.
I believe this version was reviewed by Time magazine awhile back which put me on the path to discovering other artworks by Johanna Basford. As with the Secret Garden (which I also have), the paper this is printed on is a bit on the off-white shade. Would've preferred a whiter paper so the colors stand out more once completed.
I purchased this book in October for my little girl. I searched high and low for baby books because I wanted one that was unique and didn't require much work. I fell in love with this book because of the layout. I loved that it had little envelopes for the ultra sounds and cute pop up pages. The only down side to the book is that I wish it had pages for each holiday, baby shower, and also pages for each other month. Its such a cute book I decided to keep it and just play around with the pages and change certain things. ( I changed the first meal page to first Thanksgiving, etc.)
This is a great read in the life of a legend
This is a superb devotional I am a connoisseur of devotionals and this is one of the best I've ever read Brian and Michelle did their due diligence and pointing us to Jesus and to referencing all of the places in the series that they could and the lessons learned I would recommend this to anyone it is beautiful inside and out ! Well done!
Good quality easy to read Bible
The book was well made, love that we have hints and answers if needed. Size of print is big and easy to read, the best part is there is room to write my answers within the book. I am enjoying the puzzles - it will definitely take me a while to complete though. When I am ready for a new book I will look to Patel Puzzle Books for that purchase.
Well written and great illustrations!
I am reading this book for a second time, such a good read.
By far my favorite of Hank's books. The thoughtful detail that went into differentiating between the "light" and "dark" meat small games species was unexpected. Having the legends on each recipe, showing the game subs you can use is also a nice touch. Even if you don't hunt, this book will be great to add to your library as the variety of recipes is sure to keep you inspired in the kitchen.
perfect for GD present
This is an excellent Triathlon training book, covering all the important aspects of Triathlon. Meredith Atwood uses her personal experience with expert advice mixed in to create a wonderful book. Everyone can relate to the personal experiences and will benefit from all the up to date information and tips on each individual sport as well as the race itself. Highly recommend it.
I really enjoyed this thriller! Twists and turns kept me guessing. Full recommended.
One of my favorite books of all time, and both of my sons', too. Funny, eccentric, suspenseful- it is about the coming end of the world, after all. The characters are quirky and full of life and my favorite character is *ahem* a demon.
My son is really getting a lot from this. He is 7 years old and has been diagnosed with Autism. He doesn't care to color the pictures but he does all the other activities and you can really see it is helping him. Not to mention he is excited about going through the book. For something that has been so hard for him, it is as if he is gaining confidence just from reading and practicing what is in the book.
Daughter loves it for marking her space while reading !!
A simple book and it works! I bought it when my toddler was 2.5 yo, after visiting a friend's home and he didn't understand why he couldn't have my friend's breastmilk. After reading this book a few times, he got it. It explains a simple message, if it's not your mama then her milk is not for you. He understood right away why couldn't he have another human mama or animal mama's milk.
Exactly what I was looking for. The pictures are large and clear. The book is solid enough to stand up on its own so I can prop it up for baby to see during tummy time.
I like the fact that it is a hard cover copy and it have a lot more prayers than the soft copy. It is a very good prayer book. The prayers are in the bible and you can pray these prayers to protect yourself, your friends and your family members.
My 7-year old loved this story. Introducing children to disability at an early age is a great thing we can give our children.
Just what I was looking for!
This book came in really well and the material is is awesome this book is awesome I can't wait to read it it's amazing you should really really buy this
Hooked from book one!
My 9 year old daughter likes this book
Loved this whole new take on this book!
The book was extremely helpful in revealing common mistakes writers make about such things as "point of view", "beats", "flow", and other writing topics that have a tendency to keep a manuscript from being readable. i refer to it quite often and bought a copy for a middle school language arts teacher that I know.
I absolutely love this book! As a former PreK teacher, I feel this message is so important and should be in every school! Its so heart warming and beautifully written! I have 5 nephews and 1 on the way they will each be receiving a copy!!
Great packaging and pristine condition. Arrived on time.
Fast delivery and good condition.
I will never this life changing book. The experience was almost transcendental, this author has a permanent place on my bookshelf.
Great books for 12yo
Such a fabulous activity for kids! Mine LOVE these books and the different pages...only thing I would request are more books! We've almost finished the two we have and will motor through the two we just ordered...love them!
I hike in Redwood Park most days of the week, and I've searched the internet for photos and history of the area before it was a park. This book has answered so many questions: who are the trails named after, where were the mills and homes located, what were these old remnants of steps and foundations, and much more. Thank you, Ms. Marshall.
Love her writings and to have some favorites in a smaller book to carry to the beach has been amazing.
I could write a lot about this book, but it left me a crying snotty mess and very few books do that so, there ya go.
Perfect for the granddaughter
THIS BOOK MAKES READING FUN!!!
My friend is very happy with her book . She finds it very inspiring. Love this book . Thank you
This is one of my top three things I recommend to all new moms. This book is truly AMAZING. I am not a cook as my husband does most of our meals. When I do help in the kitchen I have to follow a recipe to the letter. This book was beyond perfect. It lays out your shopping list, it says while this is cooking on the stove, defrost this in the microwave, and work on chopping this. I followed every step as it is laid out except instead of one 3hr session I did two hours on a Saturday and two hours on a Sunday. Instead of molds, I used breast milk bags to store all of my prepared baby food and let them lay flat to freeze. Then the book also has the meal plan laid out so I didn't have to do any thinking there either. It shows which food to introduce which day and all I had to do was check that schedule and then have what I needed for the next day in the fridge to defrost so that I could just grab a baggie, pour it into a bowl, and heat it up! Traveling was also a non-issue as I didn't have to rely on storebought baby food. I could just put my baggies in a travel cooler and have what we needed at the ready. If I wasn't going to be able to heat it through I just swapped out for things that were okay to eat cold or at room temperatures like apple puree or pear puree. I'm telling you, this book could be titled how to introduce foods and prepare all of your baby food for dummies. I'm so grateful to the author. Everyone who wants to make baby food NEEDS this book!
This book makes me feel a little better when I look at my own stocks
Cute and handy, I keep mine in my purse.
Great book to give as a gift to young families starting out.
I'm sure my son's teacher will love it.
I would recommend to family and friends.
This bible is great.
grandson enjoyed this book
Another excellent book by this author. It's not morbid or icky-just states the facts. Great for young readers (I wouldn't go below 13 though, just because it's not ...oh...easy to read? Not because of subject matter, but because it is written in an adult voice...she doesn't dumb it down.) I am planning to buy several more for Christmas gifts.
This is a novelty book to keep with the Harry Potter series on your bookshelf. It is referenced in the series and makes a nice addition to the collection. My kids have commented how cool the presentation of this book is, from cover to pages.
it was a great book, I have no complaints about this product.
Great little book to learn recipes, the intended use of individual recipes and the how to do an enema. Very clear and easy to understand with tips throughout. It is the only book I have purchased re: enemas but felt it was quite thorough. I have been doing coffee enemas for several years and found this book insightful for doing different enemas besides coffee.
The material was straight forward but took me a few minutes to understand the format.
Beautiful book of poems. If you love The Doors music you'll love this book.
Arrived on time in good condition.
OMG.........Just received my Book. My mouth was salivating while reading all the delicious recipes. Can't wait to start Baking. Thanks Gemma!!
This book was half the price as in the stores! Great addition to my bar cart.
This is a great book--well worth the price. We plan on doing a lot of National Parks in retirement and this is very helpful.
I couldn't put this book down. The author's vulnerability and storytelling skills make every chapter compelling. It's deep without being heavy. I'd love to see it read in Bible studies Across the country, as it covers so many topics women silently struggle with: abuse, trauma, fitting in, perfectionism, marriage, aging parents, death, and so much more. Please read this book, and then pass it on to other women in your life.
There is a lot of cards, but once I am able to do the Leitner Method I believe I should be ok taking this test. I do remember some things from classes that I took years back, but I like the lengthy explanation of concepts. I will go and highlight key concepts though for my understanding.
My daughter loves these books!
Am enjoying the book now
Easy to read and retain the information.
Well Organized And Well Written Answers To Many Questions Concerning Catholic Faith Thank You
Love Patrick McManus, and this book is one of my favorites. If you are an outdoorsman (hunter, fisherman, etc), a camper, a former Scout, etc, you will love this book. A good compilation of his short stories. One of a bunch of similar books. Love them all, but this is my favorite. Very funny
Awesome writer. Easy read, great story. I bought all 7 of the series!!
Product delivered as represented and very quickly. Thank you.
Perfect gift for a little one - happy to see this sitting on their shelf knowing they'll grow up seeing themselves in a picture book
This is an interesting book. I'm glad I purchased
I highly recommend this book to anyone that is walking out their healing by faith!
My 8yo son loves this book series and was excited to get this one
In a genre full of recycled cliches it is refreshing to find a unique story with a well thought out world and magic mechanics that you have not seen before. I am excited for more books from Shad Brooks.
Appreciated by granddaughter who recently lost a beloved pet.
I got this book for one of my students first recitals. Although there are a few errors or differences in terminology (ex: the positions) from our dance class she adores this book! Perfect book to prepare for recital.
It's time I updated my review! I read Dr. Bosworth's book in November, December 2018. Started on her program January 6th, 2019. After ten and a half months it's amazing!!!!!! It's the second best book in my life! Both the author of the Bible and Dr. Boz have a heart for others and both authors save lives! As of tonight I've ordered 64 paper books and 5 Kindle. Watch Dr. Boz on YouTube n Facebook. This has helped me with health issues I've had sense I was a baby. At 74 that's saying a lot! My life is much, much better! Thanks!!!!
Very quick delivery. Item as described.
My 6 year old grandson went crazy over this book. We read it over and over at bedtime (every night) during his visit this summer.
Drool-worthy images of every recipe that make anyone who likes to cook giddy to get in the kitchen and start making messes. Recipes range in difficulty in the sense that there are varying amounts of ingredients / time needed, but nothing overly complicated. There's something for any level of cook, any time constraint, and night of the week!
Great for any HP, or Fantastic Beasts fan. Seems more for younger readers tho. Still love it
Such an amazing book! Would highly recommend to anyone looking for a good book to enjoy!
Another fabulous addition to the Brady saga! Sat down and read it cover to cover, didn't want to put it down. Sheriff Brady is on maternity leave and must stay in the background, depending on her deputies to find a serial killer.
Heard about this book on focus on the family and had to buy it. I relate to the moms in more than one way in this book. I loooooove it. Quick read. Helpful. Encouraging.
This was a great cookbook filled with lots of enjoyable recipes!! I would Highly recommend
Newbie to cosplay costume creations. Has easy to follow instructions. You may not be able to find certain things in your area, but she gives you alternative suggestions.
I used to have a set of these years ago and lost them. SOOO HAPPY to have them back in my collection! Just as fabulous as I remember plus this time I get to have the book!!! Didn't have it last go round. Can't wait to sit down with these again!!
Good book, has everything to get you ready for the test. . However they will be changing soon. Best to wait for the new edition
Super excited to see what is inside
This book helped our 3 1/2 year old grandson adjust to a move. It helped relieved some of his anxieties.
Great for learning about our bodies, which we should have known all along. Get To Know Your Body.
This book is wonderful. I especially like that the back of each picture is blank JUST in case of bleed through.
Beautiful book, so glad I read it!
A real help to start my day
Fascinating read. Just like Thomas' other books. I finally completed my collection with this. It is my favorite of them all (which says a lot) He is extremely knowledgeable and is able to capture the readers attention so very well. You won't be disappointed. Thank you
Excellent quick read with scripture throughout. Recommend to anyone going through abusive of any kind. Would be good for teens
Really appreciate her sharing her story. You would think she was just lucky to be successful. You never know how discipline she is and how much difficulties she went through to become this successful. She is an inspiration to me.
best thing I ever bought for medical school. is worth every penny. consider it a must for any medical student or resident
For members of AA, or other 12 step -based programs, this book will astound you as to how it was done in the beginning. All 12 steps completed in three or four sessions. They literally had cards they carried and had to be approved to attend meetings. Card-carrying members only. Fascinating. I don't recommend we go back to these days, but success rate was outstanding ( like 80 to 85% long-term sobriety) and I have definitely learned some valuable concepts.
Great for daily devotions!
Excellent crochet pattern book from a top professional.
As advertised and packaged very well. Just what I wanted!
I laughed and cried in every chapter
I like this book! I'm a slow cooker kinda gal and this gives some great options I could never think of on my own.
I used it for a gift, having read it several times myself!
This is a wonderful book. It is recovery oriented and speaks of AA history often. A key point in this book is that stories have been used throughout the ages to convey a message. Usually a spiritual one and this book examines that with many examples.
My little one loved it to death. All ripped apart now after 6 months of heavy use, reading and singing, and playing with pull-outs.
nice size to carry while travelling
Very good read, made me think. Not sure why the director of the movie didn't like it. But I found it very insightful and entertaining.
Love this. Such a cute and beautiful calender
Congratulations Sonia on publishing this empowering book. God has blessed you with a passion for reaching out and touching the lives of others. Keep on uplifting humanity to live with intention. Dr. De
I can't believe this book does not get more reviews. I have lots of books and programs to try to learn Spanish. This and Spanish with Paul are the two best that I've come across
Recipient was happy with the item. In the end, that is what truly matters.
Excellent product. Good quality paper. Envelopes are sturdy and match perfectly.
Good selection of tunes - gospel and traditional. Melody is included for each song. Love that its spiral bound so it lays flat.
so much wisdom in this book, wish I got a hold of it years sooner!
This book is awesome! Anyone who loves the ocean needs this in their home. Absolutely beautiful photography and some really cool quotes throughout. Highly recommend.
Great textbook, rental, right for what I needed and arrived within time bus day !
Ive got a sleep machine before and my kids very liked it. The buttons are easy for them to turn on and off their self. Soon as this arrived in the mail my daughter asked to sleep with it on. Very calming and soothing for high anxiety relief.
I'm not a CAT Lover bought it for a Cat Lover. Turns out I Found it funny and a good read too. Would recommend for anyone who wants a good laugh at some funny Animals.
Best customer service ever. Very friendly/ flexible and helpful, will for sure buy from this seller again
This is an excellent boom, especially if you are seeking to integrate your faith Into your everyday life. I would highly recommend it.
I love it and its cheaper than the more expensive models where you have to get the position of the phone in a specific sport to get it to charge, I had to return two of these because they they were just waste of money and time. I love this one and would recommend it.
This is a great book.
Before buying this book I read a ton of these reviews and was actually concerned that I might also be too set in my ways to be able to learn and grow from reading it. Thank goodness I'm not, but that in no way means I'm cured. As the book basically says, it takes a constant life-long effort to not contribute to the race problem in the US. The book is very thorough about setting expectations and about defining racism, bigotry, prejudice, etc. The vast majority of the negative reviews and complaints about the book are from people who somehow misunderstood what the book is about or who somehow missed reading the thorough definitions and expectation-setting in the book. I definitely think this book is worth reading.
Perfect for a graduate.
Very thorough and useful.
This is another great one by Tarryn Fisher. I really don't know how she does it, but she really makes you care about her characters. When I finish one of her books it's always bittersweet. I'm glad to see how it ends but wishing there were more to read. It's like seeing a glimpse into someone's life and then the window closes and you still want to know more. Ms. Fisher has a true gift and I would reccomend to anyone to give her books a shot.
Excellent information including current pricing
They do what they're supposed too, just wish it didn't take forever to put them in the book!
LOVED THIS, SO MANY PRETTY DACHSHUNDS, NOT LIKE OTHER CALENDERS THAT HAVE THE SMALL PRETZEL LOOKING DACHSHUNDS...THESE ARE NICE ONES AND WELL BRED YOU CAN TELL
If you can appreciate law enforcement and all of the work that goes into it you will really like this book. Thank you
I love it, especially that it fits easily into my purse!
Such a great book to read to my boy!
Got this for my brother, and he thinks it's a great book!
I loved everything about this series. It was erotic, it was romantic and it had intrigue.Just finished #3 and 4 in 2 days just could not put it down till I finished it today. Love love the ending I cried, I am an incurable romantic.
The book boasts many magnificent illustrations concerning wild cats. I found it to be quite enjoyable.
Love this bible! Just used crayons to color the cover. Plenty of room to write notes on the pages.
What a funny and educational book, I read it to my nephew, he just loved it ! would not let me stop. Author has really captured how kids think and their responses to them
I liked the simplicity of the information. It is information I and other family members can use.
4 year old grandson loves the pictures and can almost recite all the text when reading it alone. Well done in deed
Search an interesting group of different stories of 4 legged heroes. Warms my heart to see all they have done. Now my 10 year old wants to read it!
a true artist... a sweet story... a book for age 1 to 90. Great to read together! Just a joy!
Writing in it every day. I didn't know each day has a color.
Husband and company loved it for our grandbaby's baby shower.
Great book. I use it as part of my child's school and he is doing well.
WOW, what a wonderful chronologically-written Bible Book that reads like a novel and gives a greater understanding of the Bible, with Bible sources (Chapter & Verse notations ) supporting the text. It also starts each section with a concise summary of what will be contained in each Chapter. For anyone trying to understand the duplication of verses in different Books of the Bible, this book is for you. I highly recommend this book to all Christians or others trying to get a deeper understand of the Christian religion.
This was purchased for my grand. He absolutely loves it. It looks amazing and is quite realistic looking.
Daughter loved it, was so excited when she opened it
My 5yo and 7yo love this series. Fun story lines plus fun facts
Good behind the scenes look - feels like I was in the room.
One of the three best books on the subject of sub design and history. You need this book!
All you need to know on how to repair and maintain your jeep grand Cherokee.
Incredible deck of cards!
This book is beautifully written and illustrated. Well done! And, finally a story that includes the untold years of Jesus' life and his real message!
This young woman knows what's important and how to say it. There is a brokenness and tenderness in these pages that gave me great encouragement. You might want to get more than one copy so you have one to keep and one to give away.
Best book that I have read on self defense. If you have a CCW this is a must read to understand your options before you use deadly force.
Gave this to our granddaughter for Christmas and it has started her interest in this girl's adventures.
So, I am a word search fiend. LOVE THEM. I was blown away when I stumbled upon this on Amazon. It seemed too good to be true! So, of course I immediately ordered it. I got it yesterday and have already completed several of the puzzles. I always use a highlighter to complete my word searches so when I saw that the highlighter didn't bleed through the pages onto the next puzzle I was beyond THRILLED! I always have to throw away the cheaper books with half of the puzzles not completed because it is too hard to see the letters on the next page. The only issue I have with this product is that instead of having a common theme there are just a bunch of random words for each puzzle. I really enjoy puzzles where all the words follow a common theme for that specific puzzle. It also seems as though the puzzles in the first few pages are for beginners as all the words are seemingly going in the same direction. It isn't until a couple pages in that the words start over lapping and going diagonal.
My daughter loved this
Pentatonix are an amazing group. Their Christmas music is done so beautifully. I would recommend any music by these talented people.
This is a sturdy, colorful, and overall beautiful book. Our 18-month-old granddaughter was mesmerized from the moment she saw it. Our daughter and son-in-law say that it is a step above her other "color books," which tend to examine colors from within certain categories, eg. within foods, lemons are yellow. This book takes a color and puts items from every category under it, eg. lemons, taxis, rubber ducks, raincoats, school buses, and more are all yellow. It also includes silver and gold! How fun is that!
Full of information about the Grand Canyon
great story! most made me cry,... again.
I love this book and all the books this author wrote!
It's a much have book for all non wax parents !
Great book for someone who just lost a pet! It helps the mourning process!!
I want to spread the message of this book throughout the world like the gospel!!! What a wonderful perspective on parenting and relating to all humanity
I love the way that each character has such a distinct voice.
I am 82 years old and I am cleaning up a 10 room house that I have lived in since 1971 It was overwhelming especially since I came from a home where clutter was normal. This book is wonderful! The author tells me how to do it without any garbage. So now I look at the job with a very new perspective. And it works! I have hope again. It has banished my depression as I look at piles of newspapers and magazines on the kitchen table. Now I know how to deal with them. This is a wonderful book by a wonderful person. (Yes, I know. Too many wonderful's but they belong.) Buy the book and see. You do need your own copy. I think mine will get worn out with wear but I will keep it until it has been memorized.
A good read and an interesting story. I liked it very much.
Reads like a novel. Engrossing. Great insight into the characters involved. Really get to know them - particularly their motivation on both sides - spies and spy catchers. Backdrop to John Le Carre's Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy.
Excelent Books, nice pictures, every step clearly detailed. Just as going to the school
Book's condition was exactly as described, and everything was packed securely and delivered on-time.
Fantastic book, could not bring myself to put it down. So good that i am buying copies for my friends for Christmas!
I love this book. It's an easy read with great information.
Got this as a surprise gift for my husband, as he is a wonderful aspiring chef. He's already worked through a number of really lovely recipes (the pancakes and smash burgers stand out as utterly delicious) and I am quite enjoying being his taste tester. The scientific approach is impressive and quite appeals to husband's sensibilities. It's been a very worthwhile buy, and comes highly recommend
I loved the book and could not stop reading it. Not that its cited-not. But anything in the book I could easily look up also online and reference. I believe much of it.
very great book. wish I would have found it earlier because I have already process most of the steps already
Enjoyed this book and the whole series.
Nice quality book and so happy I can actually see the numbers!! Would definitely repurchase!!
I love TD Jakes sermons and this book has delivered on the promise of teaching the principles for me to soar in all areas of my life. Each chapter has been chock full of pertinent information and I am growing professionally and personally with each word.
Nicely made and the pictures are great.
Received promptly and in great condition!
I am obsessed with this book and wheel. It is an amazing resource for anyone that uses essential oils. It helps with identifying oils based off of current emotions and how to support the emotions you'd like to have as well. This gives you some great education as well.
What a page turner! Too all the women who have been been in a abusive situation my heart goes out to you and to Toni for being one of the strong woman to bring it forward. You go girl.. Be Strong!
Very exciting WWII account of life on a submarine.
Such a sweet collection of poems. Thought provoking, fresh, and original. I bought several of these as gifts for friends and families - and they've loved it, too.
I listened to this on my ride to work and was able to make that commute very productive. If you are starting to invest or new investing, this CD will provide you with valuable lessons.
It's huge. It is HUGE. This is a huge book. If you don't mind that -- this complete works is a must have for any actor, or Shakespeare fan. And it looks beautiful. You'll be the talk of all the town.
As has been stated, I had a few reservations when ordering; however, was very pleased with the effectiveness. Router downstairs, plugged in upstairs in hall bath (out of the way). Results: Smart TV's in BR's seem to be more efficient. Good product.
I got this for my cousin. Has maybe 4 cuss words in it which I only mention because some parents are very strict. But it is not a big deal to me. Good story. Look forward to buying more.
In a world where it is illegal to discuss religion, a group of teenagers form a secret group and defy the law with their love of God. What a great book for young Christians (especially those who are in the “it's not cool to love God” stage!) This gripping graphic novel has all the elements of a fantastic adventure- twists, turns and suspense as well as amazing illustrations! This is a must have for any library
super cute. daughter loves it
Excellent book about a logical explanation about what happened on the assassination day.
I got frustrated with the character a few times, but that just proves how well the author is able to make you feel connected to the characters.
I am still reading the book, but I have to say that I believe it to be a masterpiece. I find it to be truly enlightening, and addictive to read. I love it because it has made many unclear concepts from quantum mechanics clear and the physical applications of group theory are always present, keeping the book entertaining.
It's lovely and each page can be framed and given as a gift.
If you're thinking of starting, have started or even have been eating Keto, this book is a must have! This is exactly what I was looking for when I started!
Interesting read. Thoughly enjoyed it
Great book with lots of great ideas while vacationing in Charleston!
How can a pug puppy calendar not be 5 stars. What else is there to say. Love it!
Nina Briggs is an excellent writer. I love the way she describes her experiences, and the only writer that made me feel the same way was Franz Kafka. Nina has a way with words that I find enchanting. It is melancholic but in way that feels exhilarating because of her nuanced descriptions about her life. Highly recommended.
A must read for people that live in the past of bad choices. This books gives you hope, insights into past failures, and how to press forward.
My grandson loved watching the video series, and is now enjoying the books even more.
Great book. In excellent condition for a "used" book. I would order again from this seller.
Beautiful art and great insight into how the series is made
Perfect! My grandson loves it.
very good deck. great art work. on the point has a past life spread which can be combined with other deck. very accurate reading. A MUST BUY!!!!
Wow! It's amazing just how strong she's had to be from childhood to adulthood. Juanita really opens herself up to all the joys, pain, and struggles she's had to endure. Great book and very well written. Glad she was finally able to tell her story, her way, with no edits or re -writes of her personal experiences!
This book is a great teaching tool for helping children learn that "choices matter".
I like this Yin Yang bookmark. I bought one for myself, and have purchased a couple others to give to friends. Decorative and functional for those of use that still like the feel of a book in hand.
My 5 month old loves this book! The colors are so bright and he goes crazy! Another awesome book in the series!
I bought this for my Fiance for Christmas, he loves this show and he loves burgers. I skimmed through it and it's great! It has all the burgers that have been on the show and it tells you what season's nd which episode it's from. I can't wait for Christmas now to give him this book, he is going to love it!
This is a must have book. Your kids will love it!!!
The book is an easy read. The book is full of fabulous thought provoking questions to ask yourself. It is good for building a mindfulness practice...helps with weight loss, healthy eating, finances, relationships, etc. Elizabeth has a great pod cast called Primal Potential...excellent! The book was just what I needed when I needed it. She is encouraging and straight forward all at the same time. I have re-read the book as well.
Looks to be a very good road atlas: thorough but compact. It will be a companion to the large Michelin road map. I'm looking foreward to using this combination during a Scotland vacation next Spring.
Such a great book. My dad cried when he received it.
Purchased these for my daughters Birthday , her request and she absolutely loves them ! Great kids books
Older book but well written as always and a must have for anyone's Hiaasen collection. Hiaasen is truly a master.
Great sound from Adele as usual.
Another great book by David McCullough
This cookbook has a great variety and selection of recipes. I marked at least 20 - 30 recipes to try in the next month or two as I glanced through the first section or two of this book. There are lots of pictures (one for most recipes). The ingredients are items I like to eat.
Beautiful book, her flowers are amazing. Great patterns and the instructions are relatively easy to follow.
Loved by all my kiddos - this book is a good reminder (even to parents) of the impact our words can have in the lives of others. Illustrations are lovely.
Very good book and great help for teachers
Danelle is inspirational and this book helps me realize all the blessings in my life everyday.
This really helps me with marking my book pages
Wow, talk about motivational, honest and brutal (in a good way ;) ). I'm now on part 5, but it's definitely been a game changer in my everyday thoughts and routine. I highly recommend.
Great book, motivated my hubby to get back to the gym, eat healthy and strengthen up!
quick delivery and good quality
New England Invite is the ultimate guide to entertaining. Kate's style is impeccable, and her ideas are brilliant. Plus they're a lot of fun! Whether you host regularly or you're just getting started, you won't be able to resist her recipes, tips, and decor ideas.
The quality is super nice
Bought this for my wife and she loved it. Wants to see more from the author.
Was expecting bible study book but very happy with what I got
Elena Ferrante is a genius. These books transport you to Naples. One can't help but to fall in love with Elena and Lila.
It All Comes Back to You is a beautiful story. Beth is such an awesome writer. I can see and feel her emotions in this book. It's funny, sad and it's real life!! So many places and people that you just come to love and some, not so much! I simply loved it and can't wait for her next novel!!
shipped faster than expected
Two year old flips through this every day for 2 weeks now. He knows his colors and likes looking at the shapes
My nephew is a huge superhero and Spider-Man fan! He loved this comic!
This is the one book everyone who is working at managing their stress needs to read. Today when we are all so frenetic with activities, media, and worries, Less Stress Life shows us a simple and extremely effective way to take a breath, step back and reflect, and consider our options to regain control. I love Jamie's writing style. She writes with openness, wisdom, and humor. I was grateful for her stories because I could relate to nearly everyone of them. They gave me perspective and some valuable tips on my own challenges. She is a model for what she writes about. Her book came about as a result of her own process of dealing with myriad stresses from relationship to major health issues. If you loved Don't Sweat the Small Stuff you will love this more !
Well written and full of great insight. I would suggest this to any woman/man regardless of where they are on their journey. Loved every page!
Such a great book. Ups, downs, crying, laughing. Been raving about this to all my friends!
I bought this for my daughter and she is enjoying the Bible so much now. This is her personal Bible.
Book arrive on time & great price
Owning this cookbook is like having a piece of the Gaines family in my home!
I love this book, all three of my children had it and now both my grandchildren have it. It's one of my favorites.
Exciting book couldn't put it down
This book is my new go to for all embroidery
I gave this to my boyfriend to read on our vacation. He loved it and is excited to have a new author to read. Score!
My son loves it! He's 4 and it's a great challenge for him.
My 9 yo homeschool student and I are 50 lessons in. This book has been the perfect introduction to Latin and has allowed me to instruct and learn alongside him without prior Latin background.
Best of books for kids, full of truth and meaning
Got this for my wife she is a Sudoku fanatic and she loves it
Heavy Bible, may not be suited for everyone. It is very easy to read and helpful in allowing you to compare different interpretations of the bible, used it along side the old standby King James version to see how the Bible interpretations have changed. Makes it easier to understand some passages.
This is by far nicer then I thought it would be, I bought it for a gift and was very happy to give it to some one I care about..
Great book of patterns ! I absolutely love her work.
My daughter is reading this series and she loves them.
Wonderfully written! Jeff Foster has hit another home run! I love everything he shares and this book is no exception! I have finally stopped beating myself up about meditating!
I teach meditation in a recovery center. This is a fantastic book. Great guidelines for teaching mindfulness in recovery and working with cravings. Thank you 💕
This is a wonderful little book of catholic prayers. You can carry it in your purse and read it on your free time during the day. Who better to spend your free moments with than with God.
Pleased with purchase.
This is a great book so far. I haven't finished it, but I cant wait to! Well worth the great price!
Amazing information, would recommend this to anyone concerned about diabetes.
Great appetizer recipe book! Gives me easy ideas for any occasion and is easy to follow.
Great mystery series, strong characters.
My three year old grandson adores this sweet and beautifully illustrated book. He knows the text by heart.
I use this personally and for my afterschool and tutoring program students. I actually brought you a few customers. Lol
Gifted to my daughter on her 8th birthday!
fast shipping and books used like new
I have nothing to say besides. Just read it. It's really good. I cried when reading it a few times, and the ending had me SOBBING. It's super duper cute
It's a good book. I learned a lot
love this calendar. I have it posted at work and everyone comments on it.
Again read it together...I wish I had this book when I this book when I was going through puberty. Very informative and she when she asked questions, we could talk together
I cannot imagine anyone not liking this book... delivery was quick...
Loved it. Fast delivery
Easy and quick delivery. Great price too!
Just what I expected. Lovely. Thank you.
Gift for my daughter, apparently she liked it.
Used book price for books that were practically brand new. Books were packaged nicely and shipped fast. Very happy with this purchase.
Clear about which skills you should be developing in each piece. They're fun, too!
A love story to its core. This book is a rollercoaster of emotion and once you pick it up, you won't want to stop reading it. It made me want to be a better husband, man, friend, and Christian. I'd recommend this book to anyone and everyone, but especially to someone who is struggling with loss or just feeling like you're alone in this world. Bryan paints an amazing picture, that even though we may feel isolated and alone, God is always right their with us. Using us to tell the best love story of all.
Love all things Crusoe and this planner did not disappoint. Plenty of amazing Crusoe pictures as well as plenty of space to fill in appointments or daily tidbits on each page.
Great book with good details and a self grading pages in the back of the book so you will get a area where the coin lands.
Book in excellent condition. Will but again from this seller.
This attractive and colorful magazine has heart and soul. Too many pro-European publications seem to be rather academic---this one has feeling, and empathy for both Christians and Euro-pagans.
Had to read it for a class and didn't hate my life. It's a very informative book.
My granddaughters love this book, especially the rhyming sentences.
My daughter ruins every book she's ever gotten, we took a chance and purchased the indestructibles and it's a hit in our household she's tried so hard to destroy these books and can't lol
A wonderful story that had me invested in the characters right off the back.
My daughter loved the book, she said that was everything that she wanted
helps with selling houses
Marie has always been a positive influence and cheerleader for women. Here she has detailed a map not only to help us believe in ourselves but to guide us on how to get there and become the power house that we are. I'm eating it up.
Was a gift, but the person likes it.
Thank you very much on setting things right. Now that I know the right thing to do all is well again.
Subconscious Power is a truly inspirational read! Kimberly shares her expertise and teaches you how to make positive choices that will help you achieve your biggest goals and wildest dreams. She shares short exercises along with success stories making it very easy for you to put her teachings into action. No matter what you may be struggling with in life, this book will help you overcome those struggles and become a better version of yourself. I highly recommend this book!
Amazing book, I borrowed from the library and loved it so much I bought it on here. So nicely laid out and so many real Japanese recipes.
This dictionary is perfect for any music student who is learning an instrument or going to college hands down I must have!
There are four books in the Vega Jane series by David Baldacci, wonderful stories great for youth to great grandpa's. I loved them.
He is enjoying it very much. I worried it might be too much for him because it is a very thick book but he reports that it is not too difficult and he is finding it to be a satisfying read.
If you are a beginner/intermediate sewer looking for something that is straight forward and to the point this is your book. No fluff here! Kaitlyn delivers a very simple and easy to follow guide to sewing. The language in the book is not for the faint of heart as it is quite colorful. I didn't mind as I talk the same way. The wine glasses add a fun touch to describe the levels of easy to hardest. She also covers the most used and important aspects to learning how to sew from machine operation, stitch type, to alterations and how to draft a pattern from the clothes you already own. She has lots of pictures which get the point across. If you bought a pattern and can't figure out the language get the book it will help you with putting it all together. I love the feel of the pages and the fact that it is not 2 inches thick with overwhelming information.. I am a beginner/intermediate sewer with enough information to be dangerous LOL. I am looking forward to using this book as a quick reference for when I get stuck or need a short cut. I definitely recommend the book :-) I will be posting a YouTube review on this book in the next week or so. I hope this review helps.
I love Anne Hillerman's series. Please keep them coming.
I love this story! I first read this book when I was a teenager and just read it again, many decades later. Great story line and you feel like you know the characters.
Excellent to talk about emotions and feelings with kids. They loved its creative drawings.
Everything went well and was as described.
I liked the book, very clear on his topics. Very experienced writer
Spend the extra money and get the colored tabs. Perfect for test.
Wow. This book is incredible. I have been looking forward to this book for months and it more than delivered on my expectations.
Sweet book for little granddaughter who is learning to be mommy .
I found this book to be very informative and provide a lot of good tips for sales. It also provided some good unique ideas I had not thought of to use in business. It's an easy read and very helpful. Both for those in sales and out of sales.
this book arrived in perfect condition and i love it! this was written my my cousin's father!
For my granddaughter who simply laughed out loud at the adventures of Max! Great book - Lili is 2.5 years old.
My heart has been touched by Bailey and his beautiful girls. This was my very first preordered book in Amazon. I couldn't wait to have it in my hands and share it with my own kitties. I don't think I will be as wise as Abby when reading to my cats, but I know we share the same love for our furry friends! Get this work of pure love!
Good book! Different from the movie but still good
Comprehensive book but too small for your learners
Dark Tower is without equal. This series by King is his opus magnum. The only caution is the first book in the series; it is slow and needs the following books to understand.
Helps my daughter a lot
My daughter says my grandson packs these books when he leaves the house. Great beginning books.
This is a very interesting history that places historical perspective on the role of guns in how the US became what it is today.
A great daily devotional I enjoyed reading daily as well as sharing with others. Perfect analogy usage throughout and very transparent. I enjoyed it from beginning to end.
Love it! Some of the feeling words seem a bit odd but it's a fun book!
I got 2 of these for my son's for Christmas. It's very soft and beautiful. It has silver edged pages and the cover is very soft leather looking material. The words are not large regular size print ,but it's fine for us.
Love this cookbook. It gives me ideas on stuffs that I can prepare in advance. I have a small family as well so this gives me more ideas on foods that I can prepare now, eat some then freeze the rest to eat later. My familly loves it that they now have more varieties in meals since I am no longer worried about wasting the food away.
I'm a sudoku nut. This is a good collection. Easy ones to warm up and hard ones for a challenge/fun. Pages tear out easy if that's your thing. Puzzles are 6 per page but plenty big enough to see and work on.
Helpful book for AP exam.
I love the Gaines family and all that they do.
Awesome price on a great Hardcover book.
Absolutely loved this!
There are many good questions in this book that are commonly encountered in interviews for software engineers. It is helpful to go through this book thoroughly before interviewing with any top software companies.
Such a moving but tragic story. The author does an excellent job at shedding a light on mental illness, particularly autism, in the Jamaican society. It really shows how misconceptions on mental illness often lead to the abuse of our little angels here on Earth. I would give this book a million stars if I could. It's that good!
So far so good! As an adult beginner in their 30's, I was afraid to attempt to learn to play at my age, but this book is great. It is super intuitive and easy to follow. The lessons just make sense. This book definitely makes piano fun and manageable to learn at any age.
My girls love mad libs so I got this for my younger daughter who loved it and loved that she could do it
This is the most beautiful bible I have ever owned. I am obsessed with it. I wanted to upgrade to a journaling bible, and my only note is that my pen ink can be seen through the pages, making it hard to read some of my notes, but I anticipate not all pens would bleed as that one did. Pages were just a bit thinner than I anticipated, but I still love it.
This book is great, I don't get how people are complaining about it. You could clearly tell based on the 2nd one this would cover the 3rd war and alot of stuff you probably all ready know.its a good refresh and Great to have on hand for reference. This book has A LOT to cover and it trys it's best, alot of these stories are fleshed out in their own books, this gives you the need to knows, and some topics it just doesn't have time for. a great read and must have for lore masters of Warcraft.
This is the most comprehensive book on brewing you will ever need. I used to spend hours scouring the internet and forums for information and then I got this book. It has become my go to source.
Excellent book- my husband and I found it very helpful and I use it with my work and friend relationships too! Highly recommend her work and podcasts too!
A must read for anyone who wants to understand what's happening in Venezuela today. Read it on its own or as a final chapter to the book We Created Chavez by the same author. Ignore the reactionary trolls and their one star reviews. It's extremely unlikely any of them have actually read this book.
I recently read a quote that being a Christian doesn't change what you deal with, it changes how you deal with it. Tom definitely demonstrates this in his heartfelt tribute to his wife's courageous fight with cancer. His poems, stories and raw honesty do not sugar coat the the path they walked together during her illness, and his grieving her loss after Julie passed. Tom is able to heal through his writing and his faith in Jesus, who conquered death once and for all. This is a good read with hope for anyone struggling with disease.
This is the best book on essential oils I have ever found. I took it into work where I sell oils and our customers love it too!
It's such an awesome graphic novel to read
VERY ENCOURAGING TO GET THROUGH LIFE
This was a fascinating read - a real page turner. Whether you agree with the Israeli policy, you can't deny it's effectiveness. The author is candid about the failures as well. Recommended for all real world political history fans.
Wonderful book for my art class
Absolutely love this book. Every word within uplifts, encourages and motivates me.
Compelling and quick-paced, Tips for Living is the perfect modern suspense novel.
The only cook book you will need.
One of the best wild game cookbooks out there! Tailored specifically to wild game and has awesome butchering/prepping techniques as well!
it is life to my body and mind
Pictures are great, synopses give just enough information to identify, and it fits in a backpack easily.
I went looking around for a Queen book really showing the history and legacy they left behind. This book is beyond perfect and beautiful and heavy with lots of movie stubs and pics and the history. If you're looking for a Queen book and are looking around, look into this one! You won't regret it!
Fun and educational and Bible related.
Riveting clarity. Focused assessment with responsible counsel.
I liked the story and the fact that the author had some firs hand knowledge of the story.
Helpful for staff to be able to keep current
A very nice calendar
I admire the author for not sugar coating anything. She admits her mistakes and owns the outcomes. Her resilience inspires me. I've walked a similar path and I found myself nodding in agreement many times as I read.
This book makes me cry every single time I read it, much like Robert Munch's classic Love You Forever does. It is so, so beautiful with an empowering message for little girls everywhere. Buy it for your girls and your boys. Buy it because its a classic and it belongs on your bookshelf, Muslim or not.
"I can do this all day!" The real life story of a true American hero who would not succumb to the Nazi war machine. His sense of humor along with his firm sense of justice, honor and courage kept Dave MacArthur (and his dad) going.
I love this book A lot of it was a little much but I like the overall idea of it and I definitely recommend it for a good wife to read
Mr. Putter and tabby books are my four-year-old son's favorite! We have read every book in the series!
Nick has a great way of breaking a difficult subject down Barney style for the crayon eaters in the back. His experiences and knowledge provide solid advice and guidance to anyone going through a transitional period in life.
Best ever. But do get the audible edition. Hours and hours and hours of a brilliant read... great accents. The novel is tough and even vulgar, brutal, and crass at times ... but filled with intrigue and beautifully written. I read it first, then got it on Audible. Listening to it was the highlight ... the reader is world-class. Made the book even more amazing.
This product was as described and arrived on time.
Pictures are great and it's super fun
Artist of July on “A Colorful Life”.
Great product. Was very happy with the book.
Arrived as advertised and on time.
My grandfather gave me this book and I highly enjoyed it. There are so many sweet and memorable moments.
So many good recipes, we have made a bunch already and have only had the cookbook for less than two weeks! Very easy, delicious and kid approved!! Please do yourself a favor and buy this cookbook, you won't be disappointed!
Truly a great devotion for busy families. Short, biblically centered and great analogies for younger kids (ex: Christmas lights are a good reminder that Jesus is the light of the world). Also offers some historical context.
I'm pretty sure we have every single Itsy Bitsy book, and we know them all by heart! My son just loves when we sing them! BUT of all the books this one is his favorite and stays out all year round! Great books and we look forward to new ones!
A masterpiece of a thriller. I love it when a book keeps my attention all the way through without giving away the ending. This book did that and more.
Cute pics. Plenty of room for marking appts.
Very interesting, I've been to the Winchester House 3 different times -was different every time.
Such a great book! Lots of great information!
10/10 would recommend :)
Arrived quickly in excellent condition.
in depth and very informative
Everyone should read through this
This is my favorite series from when I was a kid. The illustrations are AWESOME, the characters are amazing, the story is wonderful, and I wish they made more!
My grandson loves these books.
Most books that interpret or analyze the Bible have a conclusion in mind – to convince the reader to accept the author's viewpoints. Restorative Faith is different and therefore refreshing. Questions are raised that lead to an educated understanding of when, how and why the Bible came about. Faith shouldn't be based only on tradition or simplistic emotional reverence but rather by asking questions. Finding one's faith should be a journey of discovery. The questions posed in Restorative Faith reveal interesting, thoughtful and enlightened ways to examine what we believe.
Well wrapped, good condition, can't wait to read it. I am a happy customer.
Great book! Love the spiral! Very kind seller.
We love all her stories and the trilogy ones are great for road trips.
Gave 2 of these as great gifts !!
The author knows what he's talking about. Just made my first two loaves of the Saturday white bread, results were amazing, exceeded what I thought I would get, especially from my first attempt. Can't wait to dive into the other receipts, don't think I'll ever need to purchase anything from the grocery store again!!!
I am very intrigued by the book title, analysis of cultural trend and human psyche as well as the development of coffee industry. It's truly a good reading.
This whole series is delightful. I liked this book so much I bought a second copy to put in our Free Little Library so I could entice other readers to Wayward Children.
I love all of Sandra Dallas books. Very author!
Enjoyed doing these! Everything Great.
10/10 would recommend, nice to have on head
perfect for bath time; baby loves it
Book was like new. Quick delivery
very informative perfect for needs of knowledge
The price was great. I am currently developing my Yoga skills.
Totally happy with the condition of the book.
This book was truly inspiring. I'm able to look at my life in a different way and see that God wants me to win. I can learn from my mistakes to help myself succeed and know that God truly wants that for my life. This book gave me great tools to further succeed in my career. I recommend this book to everyone!
Just got this for my little granddaughter who graduated from kindergarten today and she loved it! She was so excited to read it
My boyfriend passed away in September of 2017. He loved this artist and we had the 2017 version hung up in our house. I knew I had to get the 2018 version. This calendar is very sentimental to me and reminds me of better times. If you like this artist's style, it's good quality.
This is a beautiful book. I will keep it forever !!
Van seems to be getting better with age, like a fine wine. Enjoyable listening.
Loved the stories, just wish it was twice as long. Makes an exceptional gift for your theatre buff friend :)
Love that this is for 2!!! It has quite a lot of recipes and everyone I have made so far has been great!!!
My son and daughter both love this book. It features an all female list of superhero's and descriptions of their powers. It's a great book for teaching (or introducing) kids about the structure of informative texts and has a positive and empowering message.
Great book! I bought this book for my daughter who is dyslexic, I was looking for a book in hopes to encourage her to read. I wanted a book she could relate to. She reads this very well she is at a 3rd grade reading level in the 5th grade. I'm not sure what level this book is for but i was extremely happy at how well she read this book.
I work for a water conservation district in Texas and I have read this book to help explain how lucky we are to be able to turn on our tap and have fresh and clean water. I usually read this to 3-8 year olds.
good story, fast read
Wonderful book, simple but effective illustrations leading to an inspirational life lesson. Thumbs up!
I bought this for my three year old niece for even she's old enough to read it. I read it and enjoyed it thoroughly. Great for about 8 years old depending on their reading skills, but as an adult I loved it. Terrific illustrations too. Highly recommend- and she resisted!
This was such a fun, entertaining, quick, smart read. Loved it.
Wonderful potty training encouragement book. Very colorful, short and engaging. I read it during potty training as an event along with another potty training book and she's going!!! She now sits on the potty and says "Let's Read!" So far she's going twice a day , but prior to that she was refusing.
Especially for anyone who might be in an abusive relationship or has experienced one in the past. Good book and would recommend it. It's difficult to come away and not get something out of it and how persons can easily get entrenched in abusive relationships and the patterns that go with it. KP
I purchase this for my 9 year old niece. She loves to read. She also loves Jojo. So she was very excited when she received this! She said she has read it several times and just loves it! So I would highly recommend it for a gift or your daughter or anyone else that loves Jojo!
New favorite cookbook! This little cookbook is a gem! I had saved the Greek yogurt muffin recipe from her blog years ago and when I went back to make them again I saw this cookbook and bought it on a whim. Since I have already made two of the recipes I can confidently say they are delicious!
sacred images of dogs...unconditional love seen through the lens of a camera...
This book was a very quick and fantastic read!
Curious George and fire trucks? A certain winner with my grandson.
Wonderful book about the Holy Spirit and we need to know him better.
Do you want to get in on politics around war on drugs and why it is failing? Do you want to see the ins and outs of U.S. judicial system? Do you want to know the most advanced methods to effectively treat pain? Do you want to know the truth about opioids? Pain on Trial is a true story that happened in the U.S., not in South Africa, not in Venezuela, not in North Korea or Russia, it happens every day right under our nose in our beloved country.
Really cool art book all about Bill Murray. I love the design and feel of this book. The artwork featured is great. Movie posters and fun information about Murray's films are also throughout the book.
great for games sources helpful too but i had to have it for my collection
If every white person read and understood this book the world would be a better place. We Stan Michelle Alexander.
Got for my granddaughter for birthday, she loves horses
Just got this yesterday and I haven't had the chance to finish it, but the book seems to touch on a little bit of everything in Japan. I am currently planning a trip to Japan, so this is SUPER helpful. Love it!
This is a funny book about a wonderful person that deals with depression. Since many people deal with this issue I would recommend it to anyone who wants to just read a good book or that has suffered with depression
Thrilled with this book. So many great recipes to try. Love the manageable size. Easy to deal with while following the recipe. Gina's done it again! Love Skinnytaste.
Love this story! Can't wait for the next one.
Do I have to return this book?? And where do I ship the book ?
Very intelligent and exciting! Now I just have to wait for the next one; hope it comes quickly!
I loved this book! In a day where really good stories are hard to come by... in which the hero is truly admirable and worthy of emulation, where the dialogue is witty, robust, and well-written, where the reader's imagination is inspired by the telling, and the ending is something other than dystopian, this book does a great job fitting all of these descriptions. Being that it is a work of historical fiction, I highly enjoyed the learning along with the story, but there are a variety of elements that make it enjoyable for a wide audience of readers. Mr. Nielsen, you have renewed my hope for the modern author! Will you be writing more?
This bookmark is very pretty well put together and I'm glad I got it.
If you know any football fans, then this is a great book to give as a gift. My son devoured the book within a couple of days. He loved it, and I love that he is reading!
Perfect for my early reader
Great Product ahead of time arrival, Thank you.
I haven't quite finished this book yet, but so far it's a great, easy to read, page turner that really gets you thinking.
Love this book. Need I say more?
This is my 2nd. I lent my last one and she passed it on too
Well written, competently researched
Once again Joel has brought an exciting page turner that will keep you on the edge of your seat.
My son is obsessed with these books, I got him the whole collection while they were on sale.
This is the planner I have been looking for. Each month is on two pages so there is plenty of room in each square. There is a To Do list on the right of each page. At the end of each year, there is a two-page spread with a yearly calendar on top and notes on the bottom. I also like the fact that it is a five year planner because I need to be able reference previous years' activities frequently for my job.
Darius's poems are so enriching and thought provoking! I shared this book with my high school poetry students and they were blown away by its modern content written in such jarring and beautiful form.
Great activity book to keep my 3-year-old entertained and active
Super cute and sturdy.
Such a cute book! I got it for one of my daughters easer gifts. She's 4 years old and absolutely loves it. Great story and beautiful illustrations.
Grand Daughter loved them.
I thought it was very good. Moved right along and kept you guessing!
How to be healthier and have beautiful nails, skin, hair. And cat.
There a some yummy looking recipes in here. I can't wait for the summer to try them on our grill.
The book was lost, but they sent me one right away. I would buy from them again.
I received the book"never touch a dinosaur" for my baby shower, and my 4 month old is OBSESSED! She cries when I'm done reading it.. it is the only books she loves. I had to order this book, and the others! She loves to touch it, and the colors make her eyes light up. Seriously, best book ever.
This is my favorite novel and I buy this book at least twice a year because i'm always giving copies away. The book arrived on time and exactly as described. Can't wait to read it again and eventually pass on to someone else.
Excellent book about God and His Grace. Compelling, thought provoking. Makes you look at Heaven and Grace in a whole new way
Recommended to and used as reference/study aid by LPN student.
So useful in many daily work situations. I purchased for my husband to use at work. I have been out of the workforce too long to be his "go-to" girl for excel answers. I am glad we were able to get for his use.
thought it would be harder
Another interesting book from Ed and Lorraine Warren. I'm from Connecticut so any ghost stories or such I'm always interested in. This takes on some notable cemeteries. If you're afraid or nervous around cemeteries now this book will make sure you're afraid forever. Very interesting and enjoyable read for any fan of ghost stories.
great book but gave it away as a gift
Lots of room for appointments.
As an educator with a doctorate, I appreciate the research that went into this book. I would recommend it to anyone interested in learning about the history of teaching in America. The author's writing style is light and engaging. Book arrived quickly, and in good condition.
Marvin writes great explanations of the flavors as well as the procedures of preparing the foods he grew up eating and liking. There's a bit of 'how' and 'why' in each story leading to a recipe, making me want to try each one in this book. A great follow up to his very informative "basics" book, 'The Adobo Road'
Watch her vids on YouTube and enjoying her book! She makes intricate blocks look very easy to make...
Dennis Prager is a gift from God. I received The Rational Bible today and will have a difficult time putting it down tonight. His writing grabs me on the first page every time and I can hear his voice as I read. Thank you, Dennis. You are loved and appreciated.
good for drawing/color/learn
Truly a fun read! The characters all seemed so real they could be your friends. The author did a masterful job of meshing together two timelines, maintaining suspense throughout the story. It was hard to put down. I also liked the setting, how the beauty of the desert was woven into the narrative. I am hoping there will be more in this series soon!
My daughter and I are doing this book together as a beginner project for bird watching. I love how it has stickers to put on when you see the bird. Also includes journal room for when, where, and time you see the bird. Includes 48 birds that are pretty common to see in your backyard. Good purchase and worth the money
Great book that most utility workers can relate to.
This book is an absolute dream! The pictures are stunning and so beautifully created. I felt so inspired reading not only the recipes but the lovely stories in the pages of this book. It offers so much more than recipes and tips on foraging, it offers excitment, wonder and intrigue to those looking to be inspired by nature. To anyone concerned with the the tips on consuming raw ingredients, I would say do your own research! What works for someone may not work for others. Listen to your body! The author offers what works and is loved by her and her family. I have consumed many raw ingredients from nature and am perfectly fine. This book is a must!
Really good book for studying grammar.
Great way to get into astronomy
Just as ordered, Great
I have had the opportunity to truly see the hard work and dedication poured into this book. Tom is one of the most passionate guys i know. This book brings new perspective to life!! Couldn't be more proud to call him my friend. Nicole G.
A perfect help manual for growing. A must have!
Our new favorite book!! We've start d our own cabinet of curiosities after digging into this book!!
Penny delivers again! I pray she keeps following Gamache through his second career. Witty, literary. Charming characters to love; shady characters to despise. I want to live in Three Pines, and when I read Penny--I do.
Will be cooking in the next week or so. Everything looks simple and yummy.
Work fine and sound quality is clear. Very convenient to enjoy music while charging.
I love this cover. Fits my Bible perfectly. Sturdy with my favorite scripture. Thank you
Most cookbooks don't give you as much instruction and that's why I was so impressed with this cookbook. I seriously think it would be an excellent first cookbook for someone who doesn't cook and needs some inspiration and a great New cookbook for those of us who have been cooking for 40+ years, but still can't get biscuits right! This book is so beautifully laid out that it would make both a book for the kitchen and a coffee table book.
Excellent resource to teach grammar edits in the classroom. This book provides quick yet challenging edits for students that are highly engaging.
I definitely recommend this book & the others.
Very well reasoned and thought provoking.
When making the decision to try and eat healthier educating yourself is so important. This book has valuable information for anyone trying to make healthy decisions. It's not easy battling big corporations. Vani has proven she has the public's best interest at heart. Thank you Vani. It is so hard nowadays to know what to believe.
This is an impactful book written by a survivor of child sexual exploitation. Not only was she a survivor, the author turned her life around in a way that is truly inspiring. Not a long book. Buy several for girls who are contemplating or have run away, only to find trouble out on the street.
I have 5 of Mariah and Craig's cookbook's and you just can't go wrong with any of them. I have worked my way completely through the 30 day Cleanse book and the Comfort Foods book...wasn't a recipe in either that I wouldn't make again. Working my way through the Restaurant Favorites and now the Instant Pot books...and again...haven't come across a recipe I wouldn't make again! Since converting to Keto we have saved so much money since we don't eat out, but only 1-2 times if that a month! I thought I loved to cook before these books...boy was I wrong...I not only love it now, but enjoy it thoroughly and look forward to the next meal that becomes an adventure of the senses! Thanks Mariah and Craig for your passion and sharing!
My son enjoys them and so do I.
Addicted to these sticker "paint by number"
good read, moves right along. as good as dan brown.
Exactly what we needed. Arrived in plenty of time before the semester started and was in excellent shape!
Awesome book on fasting. Only thing is, we must put what we read into practice to see results.
Daughter in law was thrilled to get the book
Love this calendar, exactly as described!!!! Beautiful!!!
I returned this because it was not what I expected.
This is a beautiful book. It has gorgeous illustrations. It is well written and touching. I will be buying more for gifts.
I have been following the DASH way of eating for several years and have used the previous books to lower my blood pressure and blood sugar numbers as well as to lose nearly 70 lbs. I am particularly exciting by this book because I love the foods of the Mediterranean. This new plan is laid out in simple and easy to follow steps and the recipes I have tried have been delicious. I am looking forward to trying them all.
Follett always keeps you involved, not only in the history of the moment, but the major dramas that happen during times we have usually only heard the big stories about. There are people doing amazing and crazy and daring and heroic things during these times, and Follett knows how to share their stories with us.
This is a delightful book written from the bunny's point of view. Very clever and gives a great overview of the Vice President's busy day and wide scope of responsibility. Plus Marlon Bundo is a very fun bunny!! Charlotte Pence has written a great book for children (and adults!!) and Karen Pence has illustrated it with beautiful watercolor pictures of Marlon and some familiar scenes in Washington DC. Loved it!!
I'll continue to support this series :) worth all my money
Love this book. I can't say enough about how enjoyable this read was.
Well written.A great read, highly recommend!!
Vanessa breaks down the Keto diet into simple language that someone new to the concept can understand and yet includes enough of the whys and hows such that you can understand biologically what is happening. She talks about her own journey to health and body acceptance. I've loaned out the book to family members but then told them now order your own copy.
Books were good ....delivery of all my packages are left on road in rain and snow...
I gave this as a gift so I am not really sure what the receiver felt about it.
Great story line. I couldn't put it down. Never ending action. If you like medical stuff this is a great book to read.
A lovely collaborative work that acts as a great companion piece to Hamilton.
Lucky to buy these used... the condition was as it was described... arrived in timeframe promised... very happy
This is a very short read and not an overly in-depth book, but it should make you rethink your children's use, as well as your own use, of electronic devices. Sheds light on how the overuse of these devices can have serious consequences to our children and the family in general. You might not like what the author has to say about using these devices, but it is something everyone needs to hear.
These workbooks are a great buy. I use these books when my kids are out on school breaks to keep their minds active. The quality is wonderful and it has plenty of different activities to keep them busy.
I appreciate Yolanda's transparency and the information she shares about this disease. We need to be educated and books like this help us.
I love this book! Whether you're a beginner or experienced in Witcher, you can learn so much from this guide. Juliet knows her stuff and has been kind enough to pass it on.
I am using this product for my great grand daughter's Brownies Scout troop to learn about Girl Scouting and earn badges.
I love that I can pre buy. Also I get it faster then waiting for it to come out in my local Walmart. Also Walmart doesn't always carry the same books.
This is the best damn book I've ever owned. Absolute hilarity from start to finish! Super cheap and a quality purchase. 6/5 stars.
This book is a must read. It was recommended by someone and I have absolutely no regrets in buying and reading. I couldn't put the book down. You will feel every characters emotional stance. Awesome!!!
Just got my book today. Very pleased with it!!!
Really great cards for everyday use.
Great read, especially for Grand Canyon lovers. An epic story, written with humor and admiration. One of those books I'll go back and read again.
Great book to read for relationship and marriage. Wish I had read this book during last relationship, I believe it would have helped us
I bought this as a gift, person loved it! Good receipes with a sense of humor.
Simple to read. Simple to understand. Simple path to incorporate meditation into your life.
I love my new Tarot card and very easy to understand
This is an awesome book! It has provided me a different way of thinking, awareness into the importance of our words, and served as a reminder that the best experts about people with disabilities are people with disabilities! This book is a quick read and will keep you laughing and learning from cover to cover!
I bought this book for a baby shower. Everyone including my kids loved it. It's really funny and cute.
Excited for my 7 year old to use this
Exactly what we expected. And a great price too.
Love the color, easy to put on my phone. The case is smooth and easy to wipe off if needed. I'm a nurse so I use antibacterial wipes on my phone constantly. The color hasn't faded or chipped. No obstruction with the back camera. Love it.
GREAT FOR THE GRANDSONS
The book was new and in great condition.
A must have book for any coin collector, and how fantastic to save a little money along the way!
This was a gift and worked out well.
This was a Christmas gift for my grandsons, and they love it! It's packed full of survival info. They need it because they live in an Asian jungle
Pavel's books just get better and better... deeply researched and with real world results to back it all up. Read it in a single sitting, testing next week and then training - at 50 its about longevity for health and training efficiently, effectively and enjoyably for life. I wish I had access to Pavel's knowledge and experience when I first started. A great read and as always a simple solution as an alternative to the other fitness 'gurus' who make fat loss, health and fitness way more complex than it really is. Too early to provide results based feedback but Pavel has never failed for me yet, his 'Power To The People' and 'Bulletproof Abs' saved my military and training career where others failed - so I have no hesitation in highly recommending Q&D.
While the books aren't 100% historically accurate, they are very entertaining tales and fun to read aloud with my kids. I also appreciate the amount of history woven into each of them and using them as an introduction to those topics. Highly recommend this book.
Bought for my boyfriend and I smile everytime I see him quiet and lost in it. He can't get enough of it. Mind you he's a 54 yr old lol. I've been coloring for a long while now to relieve stress and its great to see its working for him as well.
Very good. Loved all the compilations. Useful and applicable information and tips.
Great read! Lots of information!
A fantastic start to a brilliant trilogy. The magic system in this book is one of the best I have read
Great for every age!
It's an easy to read bible full of extras that really inspire me.
Great books just as described
Shipped right away!!!
this is the second in this series, i couldn't put the first one down (Yellow Crocus. I read it inn 3 days. So far this second book has captured me just the same.
This was such a cute book with such a relatable story. All kids lose toys and all kids get sad about it. However, Vivi goes from sad to determined! Such a great message for kids. My daughter loves the book!
I liked it, but I'm the grandmother...We'll see how it goes for our 7 year old granddaughter at Christmas!
A great read on what's going on in the non-published world.
I have to remember to bring these with me for appointments but I have 3 kids and these have really helped with keeping the numbers and all their various info logged for my own record and at appointments I can just pull it out when they ask question...I love these and have sent them as baby shower gifts because I think they are great. At the hospital (just had the 3rd kid) my good friend came to visit and I showed her and she also wished she had had one when she had her kids.
This is a gorgeous Advent Bible Journal. I love that it totally guides you through the readings, offers a reflection, and then some time for you. The collection of Bible Journals by take Up & Read is truly lovely. I can't wait for my next Journal!
Jane's instruction is fun and doable by anyone, because her exercises are broken down into simple steps to follow. Her lessons are not intimidating and encourages you to create, regardless of your artistic level. The drawings are beautiful to look at and make you want to paint a portrait, even if you've never done it before.
Excellent book! A definite must-read for every single woman in the whole entire world. Seriously. Hollis does a beautiful job laying out ugly truths and encouraging the reader to make a better life. As she says, STOP waiting for someone else to fix your life. Take care of your body. Go all-in towards your goals. Stop comparing yourself to others. No excuses. Be a good human and treat other humans with kindness and respect. Cry. Laugh. Have fun and be silly. Love. EAT. Have sex. Stop judging people. Lift each other up. Embrace the chaos and don't you EVER give up. Determine what you want your life to be like and go get 'em.
My kids listen to the podcast religiously, so we were very excited to have a book from Rhea. The depictions on the dreams the fox can't wait to have was the highlight for my kids.
One of my sons favorite books. Everything about it is great!
if you or if you know anyone that has not or does not have a smooth family life, this book explains a lot. everyone I feel, even a regular person, will be able to understand what this book is all about. I found myself making notes along the pieces that brought up memories or thoughts I have carried with me . there are passages that have made things even clearer and put words to feelings and thoughts.This book has turned out to be somewhat personel and a diary of sorts.
Just what I needed for school.
Granddaughter will live
Granddaughter loves it
Easy to read, clear explanations of how/why the brain and emotions are impacted by PTSD or Traumatic Injuries and events. Recovery must honor the emotions. So glad I bought this book.
Haven't read it yet.
The book fleshed out the history behind and beside the historical event itself making the event more relevant and memorable.
Ann Rule is truly the queen of true crime. This was not an "easy" read because, you know, gruesome murder and assaults, but Rule writes in a way that keeps the reader engaged and feels more like a person telling a story than a history report like some true crime books and authors do.
These books should come with a warning - "Don't start this book if you have any plans as once you start reading it, you can't put it down".
A sturdy board book with bright illustrations - a definite toddler pleaser!
This book is the truth. Lately, I've been experiencing exactly what Steven describes in this book. I've been an artist all my life, spending a lot of time refusing the call and now helplessly committed to answering it. I thought I must be going a little crazy, but here it is in black and white and if it's crazy, I'm glad to know I'm not alone. Because like it or not (and I do), I'm on the journey. I loved the War of Art and Turning Pro and this book is similar but feels like we're much further down the path. I ate this book up, I love the bite-sized chapters and the concise style in which Steven writes. And at the end, when I read the thanks, I knew it was the end of the book but I turned the page somewhat hopeful anyway. When all I found was a blank page I thought, Oh no! I don't know what else could have been said but I was sorry the ride was over. Gonna take me a while to get over it. :)
Pulling air fryer from cabinet Many recipes marked for immediate try My 3rd cookbook by Urvashi 4th is pre ordered Tried and True recipes
Amazing as to how this book is addictive reading
I am reading this book to a scientist recovering from surgery and we are thoroughly enjoying the range of topics from space to the ocean. Entertaining and informative and a fun read.
This book was super well received by my daughter and we did all puzzles in a long trip abroad. She was super into unicorns and that helped :) really great spot it style book.
As good as it gets. Tremendous read. Wish it were 1000 more pages.
Excellent read and report was actually written
Terrifically fun! Great for the beer enthusiast and also for the novice beer lover. Loved the dry humor and practicality of this book. Beer-based Food Recipes...who'd think of this! Great gift idea for the holidays too! Smashing great read!
We loved doing this Mad Libs as a family. It created hours of laughs and fun family time.
I've read all of the Bob Lee Swagger novels and, for me, this one was in my top three. The action reminded me of "Point of Impact" and Hunter keeps the story believable in terms of Swagger's age. Hunter is one of my favorite living authors and this book proves that he still has the magic.
Love the step by step guide to floral line drawing! Peggy's book is amazing and packed with tons of floral line drawings. She makes it easy to draw beautiful flowers, cacti, leaves, and more. I totally recommend this book for anyone looking to draw beautiful florals in a simple way.
Amazingly detailed illustrations to color. She is my favorite artist available in adult coloring books.
I grew up with these books and wanted to share them with my step son. He loves them! It is fun to watch the next generation of BFG fans live on
Loved it great read. Anne rice is a legend
I got this book for two of my guy friends who wanted to cook more but wanted to feel "manly" while doing it. They thought that the recipes in this book were great.
The author is hands-on, thoughtful and personalizes each delivery. I am very pleased with the book and will buy additional copies. Thank you!
I bought this for my husband and I to learn a bit more about Easter Island before going there and I am so glad we did! It was very informative. It is also very accessible and we decided to send it to our grandchildren in addition to the souvenirs so that they could learn about the magical little remote island we were lucky enough to visit :)
Very very good book. Lots of info and full of hope .
The art in this book is perfect & intriguing! I love it.
Have yet to start with my 4 year old, but have skimmed through it. Very bright and colorful. My daughter is very excited to start school.
An absolute American treasure...it should be standard reading for all regardless of outdoors and rural experience.
Interesting book and informative.
Had to have my book in for the semester FAST and I wasn't let down. This book came as described and within 2 days of ordering, I'm very pleased.
It arrived just as stated in description. I can't wait to read it.
I bought a travel book with a map in the back ... and the map was in Hungarian. Since I don't read Hungarian, I found this very frustrating so I got online and bought this map. It was fantastic, easy to read and understand and it was easy to fold. The next time I plan a trip and need a map, I'll be ordering "Lonely Planet".
Jen Sincero is awesome! I read her first book - You are a Badass - and knew I had to get her second book.
We love this book! We checked it out from the library and fell in love with it. I ordered it on amazon because we liked it that much. We have five kids who are picky eaters and this book with it's illustrations has been fun to read over and over.
You gotta read this. One chapter at a time. So much insight into how the church is supposed to be!
My kids have been wanting this book for so long!
Purchased for a college student and she loved it!
This book isn't perfect-- somewhat whiney writer, not perfectly written, slow to get into (could lose readers with the first few chapters when it seems like we're going the Chopra route), and not all the chapters will appeal to everyone. However, it does have something most people need--namely, a way to quiet the brain, see the forest for the trees and stop sweating the small things. Pardon the overuse of cliches.
Great resource for a beginner with lots of illustrations and easy to understand text.
The artwork and colors are gorgeous
Very informative. We used an attorney and having the book helped us to be more knowledgeable about questions to ask.
Great book by a great man
i love this book and have recommended it to others.
pleased with this purchase. book arrived reasonably promptly and in excellent condition.
This book has helped my wife and I tremendously. Peter Dooley's book really helped us realize our patterns which derailed our communication when our emotions took over. The book uses some very simple, yet effective tools that help us communicate with everyone in our day-to-day lives, I highly recommend!
Great book that covers everything needed to know for project management. Even though it is tailored for IT students, it can be implemented for any industry!
My kid read the whole book the same day it released and could not stop laughing. Great addition to the series.
Beautiful images from the film.
Perfect! My 16 month old loves it. He laughs on the happy and silly pages.
I love this book its awesome for kids to do
Arrived on time in excellent condition
It was for my Granddaughter and she loved it!!
I haven't played my flute in over 15 years and had forgotten the fingering for some of the notes. Just having this chart brought a lot back to my memory. It is very helpful.
Take it from a woman – a fun read with common sense advice for men who are tired of the relationship treadmill. Positive and witty, but without pulling any punches. A good resource for women who want to know more about the male thought process, but are afraid to ask.
Really enjoyed the book.
It's a fantastic bible, especially if you want to learn Latin.
I love the pictures it just relaxes me. I love to color and hope my technique will improve as I color more pages. I like the black background pages in the back of the book, they make the colors pop out more.
Purchased for friend and he loved it! It is a big calendar though so make sure you have space for it
This is the most beautiful journal that I have ever had. It looks even prettier in person. And I love to see this message every day before I write in my journal. I've decided to use it as an affirmation, positive prayer and intention journal and the passages on each page continue to inspire me and deepen my faith in myself, God and this beautiful life.
so glad re-released in paperback, great series
Heartfelt and she is mentor to a lot of people Thanku .
I've always loved wolves and this novel just solidified that love. It also gave me a deeper understanding of them and some of the controversy surrounding their reintroduction. This is a must read for wolf lovers, really.
I am originally from Hannibal Mo and my father was a childhood friend of the kids involved, so I bought 2 copies. This is a must read, I absolutely loved it and so did my father. I recommend it for anyone looking for a good read.
Didn't want the New York Times crosswords, as I assumed I would have difficulties with those. This book is pretty easy, and fun to do, only had to look up an answer twice, and I'm about halfway through the book.
Son enjoys reading these
Arrived quick and exactly as I had hoped.
I found this book to be heartbreakingly real and important. Facilitating a family support in my town, I hear many stories from terrified parents and siblings about their loved one's struggles with addiction. It is hard, but there is hope. Ask you library to stock this book, and get one for yourself!
Excellently written book. Well researched and thoughtful. Everyone should read this!
tells you how we can screw up the simplest thing
Gift for my brother. Loved it!
My daughter loves this book! She's reading it to learn more about her favorite characters before our trip to Disney. It's informative with fun facts and trivia. So far it's holding up well with as much as she's reading it.
did know I order a used copy. Even got the other persons notes, they may want them back! lol
These are great! I was going to separate the duplicate pages then discovered there are no duplicate pages!
So full of scares, makes my third level 87 year old Human Warlock with dementia and incontinence roll for craps in his pants!
Love this book!! Joyce Meyer has been my spiritual mom for 21 years now! I have so many of her books! I love her dearly!!!!! She tells you what you need to hear!! No sugar coating:)❤️❤️❤️
The book is excellent
The book arrived on time and it was quite new!!
Grand baby loves it & Grandma appreciates its history
Arrived in perfect condition, no delay in shipping.
Great book, great series, great author
Half way through the workbook, and I am eager to finish it. I am not a big reader, but needed to get a hold of my aggression issues and managing my anger. I love that it's an easy read and I can actually comprehend what I'm learning. I would definitely recommend to anyone wanting help.
Just a remarkable real to life experience between two young people that opens the doors to imagine, love and life. A must read for those at that stage of development! Simply superb, spectacular and sublime!
A++++ would buy again from seller
My son loves reading these stories everynight at bedtime
Came promptly, thanks.
Another great book by Nora Roberts. The story was excellent. The characters were very likable with the exception of the killer of course. I highly recommend this one.
Grandchild loves them
Catherine Coulter just can't be beat. Awesome read everything you could ask for in a book. If you haven't read it yet, buy it now.
I had this for a little while and gave it away to a Spanish speaking person to give her practice in reading English.
This book is a total game changer. Helped me with my career.
This cook book is Wonderful!!!
My daughter loved this and it's great for beginners
Such a big transition, with many little things to manage, and Liz does a great job offering insights and tips on how to deal with things along the way. Particularly like the notion of "surrogate kids", knowing there are plenty of our son's friends who are still in high school and we have become close with. Working on finding some "surrogate parents" for my kid, who may be heading a long way away for his college experience.
I like this book so easy to read and lots of fun. My Grandson loves them!!
Can a Mother's love ever be toxic? Yes, and this book tells the story of one Mother's love gone bad. Full of twists and heart stopping moments, page after page lures you in deeper. Could not put this book down!
Love love LOVE this book! It has everything, from every aspect of the paleo diet to implementation ideas, recipes, meal plans for multiple different goals, even grocery shopping lists! Everything is founded in science but is written in such a way as to make it extremely easy to understand. My favorite parts are the (charmingly illustrated) bite-sized notes sprinkled throughout the text that break down the idea being expressed into easy take-aways. This is the first book I've ever pre-ordered and I am so happy I did. It was worth every penny!
Absolutely could not put this down. Total train wreck of a book. it's definitely not for the squeamish but if you have ever heard anything about the genre, you know what you're getting into. I'm definitely going to reread this.
Wonderful book, arrived as promised. Thanks!
Seems easy but good beginner puzzles
The package arrived on time! Everything was great and the product was in good condition.
Excellent book and service.
This was a gift for my grand daughter who loves sign language
Excellent book!! Learning a lot about myself and other people and human nature!! Highly recommend !!
Great, very very fast shipment.
Must read for all climbers and non-climbers!
Very detailed oriented and all stories end with a marvelous twist. It's a must read
My grandson loves these books.
Has stood the test of time
Great information and interesting facts
Great concept for a book. Fun stories, brilliantly laid out with very cool art!
Gave this as a gift but my sister in law was super excited to get this!
The poems in this collection are personal, provocative, and will elicit in you an emotional response to the fresh, evocative and sensual language.
Excellent short stories and beautifully illustrated timeless classic.
Meditate? A Parent? The perfect book, even includes ideas on how to teach mindfulness to your toddler. And the ideas work
I get in such a weekly rut with dinners I made a few of these recipes for my family and now have a couple of new go to for my family favorites
I love them and they were easy to put on.
My grandson loved the books so well, he was done reading them as fast as he could
hours of fun for my 6 and 8 year old
Interesting read, has a lil of everything humor, sadness, fun, etc.
I love this book. I've given 5 copies already to my nieces and nephew and even my mother. Why didn't I know about this 20 years ago? I'm now loving the podcast. I highly recommend this book.
Well done Blaine! As the owner and manager of our brokerage firm, I have challenged everyone to read this book. Regardless if you are new to the business or if you have decades of experience, you will learn something in this book. Blaine did a very good job of packing a lot of information into this book. Each chapter is well laid out for a quick read. I wish I had this information when I started in the business. A must read for anyone in the commercial real estate field.
This was purchased for the reader that loves the series. I would recommend first buying the books set VS this option.
This book speaks to the Soul. Taking you deep within you to release what no longer serves you. Each chapter is filled with a message to help navigate life on Earth as your "true" self. Eye and heart opening truths that will set you free and open you to a Life you only dreamed! You are taken on a journey that encompasses every aspect of your soul to achieve the "extraordinary" life you deserve. Well done!
A very easy read. I started late on a Friday and had to finish on Saturday. Jerry gives you a good feel for the characters and you genuinely care what happens to them. I also found myself trying to pick out clues as I read thinking ok this has to be important. I highly recommend this book I seldom find one I just have to keep going till I'm done but this is one. It would be interesting to have a series featuring this character on different assignments. Can't wait for the next book regardless the subject!
Simple to understand. Great as a quick Go To Reference as well. Love it!
Going to be making quite a few items from this book. Lovely wraps, look warm and soft.
I love this little book. To record daily what you eat you have to remember to keep it with you at all times. I stated carrying a little backpack with my daily pills, books, journals, essential oils. It's a perfect size to fit and it's adorable!! I love the content inside I found to be really helpful.
Lots of photos and great information inside. I wish I had gotten this earlier. I could've solved so many mysteries.
I very rarely purchase books new. I made an exception for this book and I was not disappointed in my investment. We've had this book for two years now and use it regularly. The illustrations are just lovely. The number of poems is abundant. This book would be a lovely addition to any home library.
Best written vigilante book I've ever read. Great character development.
A great book and the children would read it again and again. Highly recommended for children up to middle school.
Just what my son wanted .
More information than I anticipated. I keep referring back to it and used little post it flags to mark important pages. Would recommend.
If you like Disney art, especially concept art, you'll like this.
I've purchased this book for several people and everyone that has read it has been moved in different ways. This book is life changing. I've been able to understand myself, my patterns and my habits. This book sheds light on every area of life. Applying the things I've learned from this book is helping me to become a better person.
This collar works great! So glad I didn't spend over $100 like all the other ones. Works just as great!
For my wife. She loves it.
Bob Goff has a way of explaining simplified joy and love. I have read and re-read this book and committed its simple, timely truths to memory. I especially loved the Palms Up chapter!
This book served what I wanted with a low price
I bought this book in two different levels one for a seven year old and one for a ten year old. It's a very good educational tool for the appropriate age level. I really enjoyed her story too! No problems with getting it on time.
A MUST HAVE for every Cubs fan! If you have kids that follow the Cubs like mine do, this book is great!
One of the best books I have read when I was a teen. It makes you think outside of the box.
One of the best Christian books for women I have read. Important insights. Studied this in a ladies' class at my church. It was very powerful.
Has so many words and letters, makes my life so easy! Pictures to hint the sounds, i love this set
My grandson loved this gift
Great book to keep organized
This book is a wonderful early introduction to bird identification for early learners! The format of the text is consistent on each page, the information is easily understandable for the early learner and the photographs are beautiful! As a first grade teacher I highly recommend My First Ten Birds as a great teaching tool as well as a book which imparts valuable appreciation of mother nature's beautiful creation ! JR
Outstanding, and very creative. Shivers!
I highly recommend all of Mo Willem's books.
Well pleased with this book. reasonable price and in great condition
Not returning hit wrong book
This is a totally fun and spooky book! You can tell that the artist took a lot of time designing each one to be different and I appreciate that. The designs are cute, funny, but just scary enough for a fun Halloween coloring experience. Will buy more of her books in the future.
its a gift so we will see. quick delivery thanks
I am not sure why this is called an autobiography. What it does offer is a brief commentary by the artist for each painting. But the book is large enough for good-size reproductions and they seem to be of good quality. There are all in color and there are enough paintings included to have a sufficient overview of his best work. It is great to have a fine sampling of Wyeth without the bulk of a heavy, coffee-table sized volume.
Great storyteller. Wisdom at its finest
An expansion on learning theories with explanations and descriptions that you won't find in other books. A valuable resource!
The book gave a good look at what people experience when they have schizophrenia.
Very informative... my husband was surprised and happy to get this book to add to his collection
I have literally never written a review on anything in my life. I just want you to know how much this book helped me. It's funny and meaningful at the same time. I'm so proud of someone for writing this and I truly hope it helps lighten a crappy situation in your life the way it did in mine.
Such a wonderful story to read to your child. I will forever recommend any story by Nancy Tillman.
Can't go wrong with independent enlightened thought on our ancestors! Eye - opening!
Compelling and exciting read! Pretty bloody, but the right amount of captivating. Escapist but not in an empty way, more of an absorbing way. Great debut! Can't wait to see what comes next!
My 11 year old daughter loved loved loved this book and can't wait for this author to release more adventures
I have a bookcase filled with craft books. This one has helped me take my stories to the next level.
This was a great read with inspirational quotes and scriptures throughout the book. Well done Mr. Mitchell!!!
This was a little bigger than I anticipated, but it left more room to get my note cards and pen, so I can jot down notes during the service now
Perfect companion for a Lodge pan. Mom loves it. I love what she cooks with it. 😂
IT'S SO PRETTY. I was shocked at how high quality this was for the price. NOTE: I got this to color while at work. I typically use colored pencils but this is more for markers, just because of the texture of the pages. But it's so beautiful I'm going to get some markers now!
Such a wealth of knowledge from many different traditions and cultures, this is a book that has something for everyone. Newcomers and more adept practitioners of all types should be able to find useful information and utilize it in many ways.
Controversial things about banking system.
Who doesn't love a good list? This is thought provoking and meaningful. I love it.
It is extremely well written and I thoroughly enjoyed it.
Great book! Highly recommend. Easy to read with your kids. My son absolutely loved it!
Great cook book full of good receipes
Colourful stories and a Damn good cookbook.
A good author and a terrific read.
Great catechism! A must have for any family of faith
I love this book for learning about using essential oils.
Lots of great Recipies and beautiful book ~
classic - one of my favorite books. and it's very easy to read.
Haven't used yet but a lot of good ideas for only one house remodel though
This was for my daughter who is obsessed with all things Hamilton. She issued the 5-star rating, and would have given more stars if available.
I love this story for first and second graders. A great story about being a bad seed but being able to turn things around.
She loved these books.
I love Jamie Curtis and her children's books. This one doesn't disappoint.
Good book, Great writer
This is just an enchanting story for kids and even adults would enjoy!! Love the illustrations.
Amazing book that advances the plot of the expanse series
My 8 year old daughter loved this book!
Great product! My 6 year loves making these planes with his dad.
Adorable cards. Very heavy card stock. Cute!
should have 1-6 in a set
My boys (ages 4, 7, and 10) LOVE these books! They are really into graphic novels and they love the Warriors cats
We got this for our daughter. Love the colorful photos and recipes and tips.
Gave this as an early wedding gift for planning their honeymoon. They loved it.
Easy read for preschoolers
Wonderful Wonderful book!!A must read!!
Item was in brand new conditions and as described.
This book changed my life!!
I just got this book today and I can't put it down. This book will have tons of hi lights.
Definitely a good gift for a man
Ordered several of these as a gift. All of them came in on time and were in great condition.
Great information and so cute! Very unique.
This was definitely a different read but in a good way. It was a unique YA thriller.
Very enjoyable read!!
Beautiful each month. Ready for the new year so I can use it. Easily readable, quality paper and beautiful to look at.
This book was absolutely fantastic. I recommend to anyone planning to launch yourself into a psychedelic experience. It can be a truly life changing turning point in your life if done safely and knowledgeably.
Book is very informative. In excellent condition and fast delivery.
When taking my motorcycle on forest service roads this is a good backup to have when trying to find your way in the back country
Beautifully done work. I loved it so much that I just ordered two more.
Great Book and Loving it!
I enjoyed this novel years ago and enjoyed it to the max, yet again.
This was a good read. I recommend this book.
The best cookbook ever. The recipes down to the illustrations.
OMG it is great, I'm a lefty and with some creative adjustments it is already making a big difference in my writing. Takes a lot of dedication but definitely worth it. I will post pictures once I complete it.
My granddaughter does live her narwhals. She was thrilled. 😊
I love this address book. I don't want a big huge address book and I don't want something small that can get lost. I love the band that holds the cover together so it doesn't flop open. I also am super happy that it has a hard cover.
Sally and Marshall address a really important topic, especially in today's world. This book is important for both men and women to read - we're all in this together. I'm so glad they wrote it and I highly recommend it.
While definitely the worst coloring book ever, this book is a Very good read! I've been shooting and hunting since 1976 and it just shows that you can learn new stuff every day and it helps to bring back memories of stuff I've forgotten. Looking forward to the sequel. In the meantime, I'm going to reread the book!
This is an excellent book! Not only do the characters and plot grab you, but the storyline is precise and inspiring. It has been a long time since I have read anything that so moved me. I was truly sorry to read the last word, I didn't want it to end. Mr. Smith is a great storyteller with a true understanding of what American culture should be but has lost.
Wonderful book, great to carry in my purse. To be able to read it on the go when I need Odin to talk to me.
Book was in Fantastic condition when it was received, I read this book in two days, very exciting and to read about their point of view on D-Day
I love that this is something our little girls can see. Growing up no coloring book was geared towards people of color. We just had to use a brown crayon. So thank you. I will be looking out for more.
Good and entertaining book. It addresses a lot of questions that people may have regarding the life after death. If you're interested in this kind of thing then take my word for it and pick up the book.
We love this book! Great recipes and healthful data. Excellent price!
Hilarious! Plus plenty of room to write in appointments!
Love the artwork on these cards. They've wonky become my favorite deck, and I have over 60!
Came right on time! Exactly what I needed!
Changed my prayer life and life
I bought this because it was one of my favorites as a child and I hadn't read it since about the second or third grade. A good message about being kind, not bullying.
It was for my granddaughter. She first saw the book in the school library and has always loved it. I got it for her and have probably read and re-read it a dozen times already!
My children are Deaf/Hard of Hearing and I need to learn how to sign. I brought 2 - one for me and other for the pre school where my children enroll.
Loved this book and would love to visit Guernsey someday!
This is one my family's favorite board books. I keep several copies on hand and give them as baby gifts. It's great for either gender.
The book was the best condition of any book we have bought from anyone in the last 25 years. It arrived in a plastic jacket that most books do not have and was in a never read condition. Very impressed.
I really enjoyed this book. Mike provided a lot of quick, insightful yet actionable steps that could be applied to life...today!
You must read this book. It's beautifully written and an easy read. It will give you insight into trauma, suffering, and resilience.
Mat's wife is going to need vaginal rejuvenation surgery every few days- because he literally wrecks epic havoc on everything he touches! Clothing, liquor, coffee, podcasts, commercials, social media.. and now a book! New York Times has never had, and will never have, a better best seller kick down their door and roll heads like Mat! Talk about a motivator in every sense of the word. Thanks for sharing your life with us dude! You inspire more than you will ever realize. Veterans have been given their voice, and presence, back. And it's a crazy beautiful thing.
This was the last one and it does not disappoint.
My 7 yr. old son loves anything scary and is an artist, so this was perfect for him. It's a great way to let him play with this scary theme without exposing him to the actual game that he's too young for. He loves it!
Another great Todd Parr book
I got this as a gift for my friend after a loss, I think it was a realistic depiction and guide to grief. Recommend!
Love the planner, fits in my purse. I actually was looking for something a little bigger, but I should have looked closer are the size. It's very beautiful and I love the scriptures.
Great read by new author, can't wait for the next one!!
A lovely quick read on a winters day. It reminded me of my childhood in Atlanta with quirky characters and Southern drawls.
love anything by C.S. Lewis. love that it is a hardback
Great book for new Core Leaders, like me.
I chose this book to read for a book club with high school students. It gives us many things to talk about and discuss.
Perfect for my 6 yr old
Great story!! So well written.
Really lovely book to just peruse. Got a lot of great ideas for my own designs and will be a great reference in my library.
This book comes from one of my favorite writers and photographers on Instagram. This journey of truths is simply beautiful and brilliant. A must pick up for all poetry lovers!
great book, heavy, but great
I ordered this book during a heartbreaking time in my life. It has helped me realize that I was settling for less than what I deserved. It has opened my mind, heart and soul to self love, relationships, and marriage. Thank you so much, I have and will definitely continue recommending to others.
Well researched, wasn't able to put it down. great book!
it was a good book the strategy makes sense.
As advertised. Delivered on time.
This book is so amazing so motivational I can't put this down
The best cookbook I've ever purchased. Already bought one f
This is a fabulous book !!!! I love Margaret Paul and her teachings !!!!
I have read and shared with others, now I know that it wasn't all in my head.
Very informative! It breaks it down and really good for new dog owners. I'm a new dog trainer and this book has really helped me out understand their life stages and more.
literally the cutest little book ever! perfect for my boyfriends present for valentine's day! absolutely adorable
No problem with this transaction
Because of the title, I read this book back in 1984, and afterwards thought "I'm glad that never happened". I re-read it this time and though "We are there".
Good quality, quite a variety of pictures and nice and simple. Perfect for little ones!
This tool for anxiety is fascinating
I have bought 3 copies as gifts. The recipes are absolutely delicious and very inexpensive. Perfect gift for those who are on a tight budget, but enjoy cooking tasty food.
this book is awesome it has alot of pictures in it well worth the money .
Great book, simple and easy to read. Very informative for the new or mature Christian.
Very good quality and fast shipping. Will Order again! thank you so much! I buy tons of spiritual products for my business and this deck came in neatly wrapped
The premise is great --not the "best" ( although the best are included) but the "most" ( like tongue) Jewish foods. The personal essays are clever and interesting. Photos, charming illustrations and there are recipes too! I wish my grandmother & mother were still alive to read, enjoy and debate the Most Jewish Foods with me.
Best book ever! Truly has helped me a lot! Highly recommend it!
I love this planner! It's perfect for planning multiple activities daily! I do menu planing, house cleaning, family, business, and church planning on the weekly plan pages. This is my 5th year of using this calendar. Highly recommend!
Wonderful illustrations and stories about the mysterious cats of Japan! Love this book, and giving it to people who love cats.
I raced through that sucker. The plot was solid. The science and tech was succinctly and well explained without distracting the narrative. The characters came alive. I'd love to read more by this author.
My wife loves the author, and loves that they do the large print editions.
I loved this and let friends read it and we all felt the same way.
Very nice textbook, easy to follow.
Cute sloth coasters. Everyone is different. Perfect for the sloth fan!
New condition and came when it said it would
Howling funny book about living in the woods
This book will help you close deals!!!! He also has an ebook out as well. I listen to that in my car. When I'm home I am able to read and study the hardcover book. I love it and am looking forward to closing more deals. One of my favorite books to read.
Intriguing reading! Well written...holds your interest!
Bought this as a birthday present for my son's friend but my son couldn't stop playing with it so I might end up getting one for him too!
I appreciated the author's understanding of navigation skills, the dependence on salted fish when out to sea not really knowing where you are going or exactly how to get back home and without refrigeration. A delight of a book.
BUYING QUALITY MATERIAL OVER TIME SAVE YOU MORE MONEY. AND THIS BOOK CAN SHOW YOU AND THEN SOME
This is so beautiful and the quality is wonderful. Zipper has a nice pull on it and it works smoothly. This fits my larger bibles perfectly. It's sturdy and very beautiful on the outside as well as practical on the inside. I love it!
Great for my new reader!
Read this, it's a great book.
This is the best magical book I have ever seen. A Harry Potter fan must get one!!!
Purchased as a gift for a 12 year old boy. He loved it.
'The perfect sequel to "The No Asshole Rule, this book gives you some potential strategies for dealing with the assholes that infest the workplace. Be warned, though, in many cases, you might need to just look for a new job with fewer assholes, lest you be transformed into an asshole yourself by a toxic environment. I recommend that all corporate, government and academic employees read this book as well as its predecessor.
This book was rented. The renting process was easy.
My grandson loves this
Splendid portrayal in writing of the early life of the author, a dear friend of mine who told an amazing story of her 'miracle baby' life! Hardships that she endured in early life has served to make her the strong woman and gifted writer that she is today. More books will follow and I, for one, will be anxious to read them all!
Gave it as a gift, she loved it
Another book suggested by book club - awesome, short easy read. Used book was in perfect condition.
These recipes are easy to follow, and there's a large variety of plant based meals to choose from. Every meal that I've made using the recipes from this book were received well by my family.
Nothing to dislike about books. This is a good author and very educational.
Very nice. Relaxing.
We read this book every night, one of my faves as a child and now it's one of their faves.
Got this as a gag gift for my nephew but read part of it myself and found that there is a lot of useful information in this book.
My husband really wanted this book. I looked and found it here at a great price. He's very happy with it.
Book came on time in great condition
I liked the way they showed the different raptors from multiple angles on the same page. Innovative concept.
Volcano Girl is a beautiful adventure from start to finish! JD Wilson, the author, is able to write a profound novel about the gift of paying it forward, while using prose that children and adults can both appreciate! Volcano Girl will warm the heart of you and your loved ones for years to come! And just when you think it can't get better, you find out the inspiration for the story and that your purchase is also a donation to help others. It all comes full circle. The book is printed on beautiful semi glossy paper which makes the stunning water color art pop out of each page!! This is my second copy as it's my new favorite gift to give to loved ones!! Introduce your child to Volcano girl and keep the love in your hearts alive!
I read it in one sitting! The characters were amazing, and the Boston setting was a character itself. The plot just keeps turning. It was incredibly cinematic and the prose beautiful.
A terrific read-aloud book!
Gave this to a hiker friend who really enjoyed it.
Very cute book and I love that it dosnt have alot of words on one page. It keeps children engaged!
Great way to expand your photography and have fun doing so
Just what I imagined
Love this cookbook as it shows the calories, fat, fiber, carbs, protein in each recipe. I like knowing this information.
Still reading and applying it
This is such a wonderful cookbooks for kids! My 8 year old niece loved it!
The book is as described and arrived quickly.
This series always makes me laugh. Easy reading when you just want a break from everyday life.
This book is so cute and has a great sound when read out loud. This will he a classic. Highly recommend.
I love the book it is very helpful
If I'm in trouble I'm call Sidney Powell. She is fearless!! What a brave women to expose our crooked DOJ and justice system.......and to think these guys are still employed is mind boggling
Condition new and shipped fast.
Great info. Great pictures. My 8 yr old daughter has been obsessed with space for over a year and this book still gave her great interesting information!
Read this book on flights to/from Thanksgiving break. Really enjoyed it. Was fast paced and kept my attention and interest throughout. Characters were well developed, and because I have visited Houston many times, the landmarks were recognizable. Great 1st book by the author.
My niece (11) and nephew (9) wouldn't let me stop reading this to them! I loved it myself! I can't wait until my kids are old enough to read it. Fun, rollicking adventure between a brother and sister (fit my niece and nephew perfectly). They totally could see themselves in the story (especially the sibling rivalry). If you and your children enjoy special adventure stories, you definitely want to check this out. Who wouldn't want to read about a rabbit fighting an evil giant tiger? Or a chase after a mythical unicorn?
I love all things Gretchen Rubin and this is no exception. Life changing help in small doses that work for anyone.
My daughter is really enjoying this set of books. She loves reading about the same adventures I did as a kid. Nancy, George and Bess are still the strong characters I remember! Great to have these books available for another generation of readers.
I found the authors' analysis to be compelling and well reasoned. I found the message to be uplifting - it gives additional meaning to our mission on earth. I think this is one of the more important books for people of faith as well as of no faith to read.
Awesome! I was in the middle of preparing a presentation on classroom libraries when this came, and they echoed what I was saying to teachers and more. The supplemental resources are great, but most importantly, it's easy to read! Teachers always put aside a ton of professional texts to read over the summer and never get to them. This is one that you can read in an afternoon and then be inspired to head to school and get to work on your classroom library!!!
Cute book, my five year old loves it!
The biggest laugh at the party for my animal lover friends.
Excellent and up to date. We had several travel books with us for our trip to England, and ended up ignoring the others. The RS books are the only ones that had logistical details needed to minimize wasted time on a trip. He'll tell you how to get to city centers from bus/train stations, how to get to and from airports, approximate travel times, and the best ways to beat long lines. His star ratings are subjective, but he provides enough information so you can decide if you agree. Other travel guides seem to assume you are spending five or more weeks traveling, which is fine for some, but not those going on one to four week vacations overseas. Highly recommended.
Love everything about this book! The pictures, the layout, the humor, everything! I found myself saying a lot “omg that is so true, I never looked at it like that”. I just finished reading it in 2 days and I'm upset it's done bc I enjoyed it that much. Such a fun read. I'm going to go back and re read it again. I've already recommended this to several friends bc everyone can benefit from this book. I also learned so much! It helped me learn so much bc I am a visual learner so that was another plus! If your thinking about getting this book, do yourself a favor and DO IT! Promise you will not regret it!!
Love this activity book
This is another good story by Sophie Ryan of the Second Chance Cat Mystery series. All of the wonderful characters and cat are back solving what appears to be a miscarriage of justice.
The book is an excellent guide! Read from cover to cover and practices the sample interview questions at home. A great resource that I highly recommend to anyone applying to medical school.
I bought it for a retirement gift for my pops after 50+ years of working. He and my mom are now using it to travel across the country! Everytime they arrive at a new place they call to say "Thank you again for the book." Sure you can go on the internet but there is just something so rich about looking at the bold, bright, almost life-like pictures.
love it amazing quality highly recommended
shipped as promised, meets our requirements
I think the study guide is nice and informative. I wish there were a little more practice problems but overall it was a good purchase.
These books are so much fun. Both my 4 yr old daughter and 6 yr old son love them.
Love this book! I'm looking forward to collecting seeds from my own heirloom garden this Fall.
I am a political junkie..that being said..I have read and know a lot!! and I found this book to be beyond excellent and a total must read. imho...as we all have recently found out...if it can happen to.............it can happen to anyone..
My son enjoys these and he doesn't like reading. The format is great for a kid that needs a little extra to grab his attention.
Never in my wildest dreams would i have thought that some of the foods thought to be healthy are actually bad for you. This is a great read and actually makes you think outside the box .. Years of being told actual lies about what is healthy and what is not is simply amazing. Tired of the yo-yo diets that don't work? Tired of feeling the slump during the day or just feeling sluggish? Tired of taking medication just because you are being told you have to? Time to read LIES MY DR. Told me. And if you are still in doubt... Do Research for yourself.... Thank you Dr. Ken Berry for and easy to read and understand book on this lifestyle change .. You Rock!
Book was exactly as described by seller. Excellent communication wrt order receipt, order shipped, and tracking number. Great resource for used textbooks as reasonable price.
Nice beginner cookbook for kids.
Good jokes for a youngster to enjoy!
Simple Enormous Love. I bought it a few months ago. I did everything he asks not to do. :) I read it at one sitting, but I promise to go back and read it like he suggests: one chapter at a time. I may have been put off a little bit at first by the title or maybe the biblical reference...maybe some of you might feel the same way. Let me tell you that Steve doesn't beat you over the head with either one. He is sometimes self deprecating and all the time humble in the way he writes. It makes you feel like you are having a conversation instead of reading something someone has published. I like that style and it pulled me in. With out giving up too much, I also like the way that every chapter is summarized at the end and then built on in every successive chapter. Steve, doesn't let you forget what he is talking about. A great read and one I would recommend to anyone. I did read Romans 8 in advance and it really helped, but you really don't have to do that in order to get some gems out of this book. Congrats to the author! I hope there is more behind that pen.
This a text book that i needed to order for class.
Love re reading this book every few months. It's a book you will underline in.
Arrive on time and in perfect condition! Love it!
I really like the recipes and how well they work. This is a great book for explaining the steps in sour dough baking.
Good character study of ALL family members...not just Mom who is a hoarder!
The paper is of good quality. I use it as a composition notebook for my class. These sizes are larger than other composition booklets, these are standard college rule size. They come in very vivid colors.
Greet stories,my kids love them a lot .I hope we can find another series like this one
Just what I wanted and more than expected.
I love the book thank goodness for the pack is protecting it because the book was left in the rain
Having a whole town experience time travel makes for a completely different kind of time travel story. I love learning about the history of the 30 Years War in such an interesting way!
This book is raw and honest and beautiful and painful and I couldn't stop reading the words. I felt like I could hear the cries and feel the aches of this family six years later in my living room. Andrew & Christy fiercely share the journey of the first year without their firstborn son, Brave. As I was reading, my son, who is 3 months older than Brave, brought me a drawing he had made of a castle. I couldn't stop weeping thinking of how their son should be doing the same thing. The words that fill these pages will be healing to so many families mourning the loss of a child and for those walking alongside grieving people in their community.
Classic story to help a 5 year old read. Great for acting out the story and making a play out of it.
I loved this book!! Willa is a strong, fierce and loving girl, in the style of Robert Beatty's best-selling protagonist Serafina series, but with a world and storyline all her own. The fantasy world is beautifully detailed with magic and tension and tenderness throughout.
Great addition for your travels through Canada & Alaska. This is a must have.
such a beautiful book. lots of pictures and very informative.
I found this to be a most fascinating story. Very hard to put this book down.
I am a vegetarian and this cookbook is great. Thank you so much.
Lots of facts and intrigue about a virtually unknown lady American hero.
One of the 6 men with whom I would like to have dinner.
Lots of cute little projects and ideas. I'm going to use thick felt and make a few for my adult daughter and teen girls!
One of the cutest books I've seen. Ordering more copies for gifts.
Liked mine so much that I ordered three more to give as gifts. Well designed.
This helpful diet book comes with ingredients recipe and as an added bonus nutrition label information. Very excited to have a recipe book that addresses all facets of Healthy Living from recipes for the skin to recipes for weight loss, just takes a little discipline. There are many recipes in this book that I have yet to see online or other books so I can't wait to fully dive in.
Interesting book for therapists. I would like to read her other books. Adds historical and pop culture information to deepen understanding.
We love playing these when we do long drives or go to restaurants. It gets us all off our phones and talking to each other and having a great time!
Must have for daughter, loved the color and sturdiness
This book is amazing! This should be mandatory reading in today's workforce.
I highly recommend this book for anyone going through treatment. Book is full of information and is so funny. Could not put the book down after opening it up.
An incredible account of almost superhuman courage. Well written, informative, and inspiring.
Very happy with product and service!
My daughter in law to be was thrilled to receive this book. She opened it right away. Glad to have this as her guidebook.
Stephen King never disappoints. Perry Mason only with cussing and sex.
Most books on training are usually from a male perspective and having a woman's perspective was most insightful
I just keep reading and re-reading it. One of the most amazing disability writers.
love these greeting cards! they're small but adorable. will definitely be buying again.
This book provides spiritual insights about a selection of the Psalms. The author presents meaningful anecdotes and applicable lessons for the reader's daily life.
This book changed my life, it captivates you and you wont be able to put it down. Basically diary of a hardcore alcoholic, its amazingly honest and bright.
Perfect for developing a passion for science and education.
I am not religious and I loved this book for my two girls. We have read it many times since I bought it. I was worried it would be hugely religious. There is a grown up section in the back that mentioned God but not the part for kids.
One of the best books out there.
Have not read it yet ?
Love: the story and art Could improve: the letter font takes a bit of getting used to, but the book gets requested often!
read all three books. did not want to put it down till the story came to a close. Good thought out example of being ready for the What if. anything can happen - be ready by thinking about what you would do. And this example is just that.
Another great Biscuit book.
Great gifts for the kids in my little girl's class.
This book has been a life saver. It was the prefect size and it has a spiral binding.
I really loved this story line and could not put this book down. I can't wait to see the movie.
A great book for studying for the ISEE
A super well written and insightful read . Makes the Idea of mindfulness easy to understand and implement.
Amazing book for ANY homeschooling parent who wants to make the days easier and more engaging!!
Exactly as described
cd is so easy to listen and learn,,great book for learning Sanskrit
I had to get this - love the bold and stylized graphics! Well...AND the message!! All little bunnies should “read” this!!
I had read Michael Singer's book The Untethered Soul and found it super helpful. It is fascinating how his life evolved by letting go of his preconceived ideas and being able to quell that voice in his head.
This was an amazing read, exactly what you expect for her.
My son loves this book and I do too.
Exactly what I was looking for
Loved this book!!!! Well written , beautiful photos. Great house warming gift!!
Really lovely secular sentiments. Had to purchase for the funeral service sight unseen. Super happy with quality of paper and cover. Like the subtly tinted paper. Not overly somber but very nice and really well priced. I later saw this book at my favorite independent book store for a few dollars more; would have purchased if had not already had it.
Delivery on this was great.
Excellent book!!!! I rarely read just for pleasure but I couldn't put this one down. After I read the book, I bought the audio book so I could hear it in Charlie's own words.
great price and a hard book to find
This was an AWESOME read... and just happy to be written by a Dear Friend and his wife!💜💜
Come on, it's animals in sweaters. Don't over think it.
Calendar is exactly what I expected. I use it everyday!
Awesome book. Great pictures Great detailed information on mushrooms. Other mushroom book authors need to take notes. Plus me living in Florida I'm glad I kept searching because There seems to be more mushroom books for other area's. Buy this one if you live in the south east I'm interested in Gourmet mushrooms buy this book has it all including poisonous mushroom to look out for. Peace
I gave this Bob Dylan guitar chord book to my adult son as a gift and he really loved it. The songs were easy to play.
Great book. Bought as book for my wife and she loved it. Fascinating view into the electoral process.
Kept me laughing all year round!
My go to!! Love this read
Bought this as a father's day gift for my husband so here could share it with our baby girl as she grew up. They enjoy their daddy daughter time reading together. Beautiful story, well illustrated! I love this book and what it stands to teach our youth.
Outstanding writing. Extremely well written!! I could not put the book down. I always felt like I was right there seeing the whole thing appear in front of me.
Excellent product. Really helps with cutting down cook times after work. Easy clean up!
My 6 yr old grandson decided to become Vegan and announced this to his parents. I bought this book for my son so he could make more interesting lunches! They Love it !
I just finished this amazing book! It's perfect for breast cancer awareness month, but is meant for anyone to read and be inspired. The story grabs a hold and doesn't let go. It was informative on cancer, treatments and what a person goes through when cancer takes the driver's seat. I like that there are reflection questions at the end of the chapters. Some questions are harder than others to answer when we reflect on our lives. We all are broken at some time. Many people are leaving their gifts unopened. We need to make today great and BE BRAVE!!!
Haven't written in this yet but read her book and bought 3 others to share! This is a lovely addition if you buy her book
No matter the profession this is a must read book to learning peoples behaviors.
I loved it and I DON'T CARE WHO KNOWS IT!
A nice small book on restoration and maintaining your Vespa scooter. Well written, with good illustrations.
I purchased 14 of these to give to the people in my bible study class as a Christmas gift. A wonderful way to keep our Lord close and to journal His love and mercy.
Contains many of the old songs that are now hard to find. Nice arrangements.
Nice story, my 11 year old daughter enjoyed it.
If you didn't love crows before you read this book, you will find a new world observing them after you read it. A wonderful read. I have even reread parts of it.
There really is info in here, that I have not read anywhere else.
What a cute and adorable young child's book! The drawings are soo cute, I love Little Dragon! Gave them to my nieces and nephews!
Easy read and makes you think. How much potential are we wasting everyday? How great would your life be if you made the most of every day.
good book and a joy to read.
Didn't have any rips or tears or dents. Shipped fast, which is good because it was a Christmas gift.
Fast delivery my daughter loves them!
The Beep Beep Man is well written and a quick read even though the subject matter is heavy and deep. You really get a sense of the panic Amie and her grand-parents are going through and, by the end, my heart was aching for them. This is a story that more and more American families are facing each day. I highly recommend it!
Real good, stop reading reviews and buy it. Tons of great work from an overwhelmingly talented dude.
The conviction of the author is clear in the book. The arguments are clearly laid out, the question is, when you read this are you going to have an emotional response, or deal with the arguments that are made and from there respond with the implicated conclusions.
Story to read with Google
The book was as described, clean, pages in good shape. Arrived on time.
I've read the entire series and wait expectantly for each new book. Louise Penny is a gifted writer -not only does she present creative plot lines, but her character development leaves you feeling as though you know these people personally. There is almost always a thrilling twist to each book. They are hard to put down.
Beautiful book. Pictures are gorgeous, text is eloquent. Inspiring
awesome daily devotional. My 15 year old daughter has really enjoyed it. Very solid teaching.
This coloring book is my way of unwinding after a day of institutional hypocrisy. Ya know?! Love this coloring book!
This calendar has lovely photos of the cast, and scenes from Outlander. I do wish the space allotment for each day was lined, and bigger. I also wish the calendar was customizable, but can't have everything! I look foward to using this calendar..
Arrived in good condition. My niece loves it!! I will order more books like it.
If there is a definitive book for Python, this is it. Written in a technical manner without being too dry and academic.
i used this book to draw deers
Was a gift. Person loved it.
The Confidence Code for Girls is an essential read for every girl in her tween years. By bringing attention to girls' inner experience of gaining and utilizing confidence, the authors not only clearly identify what confidence is comprised of, they guide and instruct the reader on how to cultivate it by challenging the common obstacles of this age. Quite similar to the cognitive-behavioral approach of therapy, this book encourages girls to take action despite unhelpful thinking patterns, to be unafraid of failure, and to challenge the worries that hold so many girls back in a real and direct way. It also provides excellent guidance on how to navigate the often judgmental and provoking world of social media. Presented in a relatable and engaging manner, girls will develop a much deeper understanding of what it means to be themselves and express that confidently. My experience as a psychologist specializing in anxiety has taught me that just as anxiety breeds self-doubt, self-doubt breeds anxiety, and the opposite of both is confidence. I am inspired by what the authors have done in offering such a tremendous guidebook that I am sure tween girls will reference time and time again in their journey to forming a solid, confident self.
I like it. Not too complicated, but also not overly simple. Sure it's got some dark elements to it, but come on you know what the stories are about and what you're buying. The princes fall in love after 1 second of looking at a corpse, people get eaten, witches die. My 3 year old loves fairy tales, this is teaching her some vocabulary beyond her simpler story books.
This book was recommended by my sociology professor during one of our lectures. I bought it months ago and have only now started to read it and I can not put it down. It is very well written and already I have come across several meaningful quotes that one can only hope to learn and strive to in their life time. I will re update this post when I finish the book ( hopefully in the next few days ).
Great book for my 20 month old!
Love my sermon notebook, I take notes in it every Sunday.
My granddaughters love it!
Great books. Love the rhythm of the words to hold babies interest when read to. Used with my daughter 38 yrs ago and gave them away. Bought these for my new grandbaby 3 months old and she is mesmerized. Price was great so I order these and also ordered the ABC book and the Foot Book from another seller as I had to have those in addition to this boxed set. They are the full sized books.
This book was amazing! I read it in anticipation of the movie and it is honestly one of my favorite books now.
Wow!! I got this book to read before I went on my pilgrimage to Spain to walk the Camino. It was like a diary, and it was such an incite before the trip. I almost felt like I was hiking with her. She felt like a friend. I could relate. I met 3 women while I was hiking. There were many women who were travelling alone (either married or not), and we hit it off. I kept telling them stories from the book as we were hiking. I think that by the end of the trip, they all wanted to read the book. It's an excellent read. I wished the author would travel to other places and write about them. The Camino is a very personal and thought provoking trip. You can't feel it until you go. I recommend it to everyone...the book and the trip.
Very nice story for old and young who like fairies
another classic - a standard if you are an educator....
Great quality, fast shipping and a perfect map for homeschool and for exchange students to pin their home town when they come stay with you.
Although I have had numerous issues with this product, s customer service was prompt, personable, and fully accommodating of my situation.
I have always wondered about the root of racism. I consider this book a must read if you want to understand racism. It was chilling to read this history and know that we have not figured out how to change the culture that racism in the US. We need to take this conversation out in the open and find ways to change. Martin Luther King wanted to heal our nation. Is Racism worse now? It is not light that we need, but fire; it is not the gentle shower, but thunder. We need the storm, the whirlwind, and the earthquake. ~ Frederick Douglass
This story is very helpful in helping a little one prepare for the first day of school.
beautiful writing...lovely and unexpected
great reference book for framing , flooring standards and codes - building a deck and this is great , even recommends contracting language and structure
My son read more than 5 times! He loves not only story but also pictures.
My two year old loves her some Daniel Tiger. Nice to have a book to to eliminate screen time.
Great book. Very entertaining and informative. Sad Al is no longer in senate. Sacrificial lamb. So sad
Good quality, very puntual
Young Jack Ryan shows once again why he is his Father's Son. Finding a way to build on his legacy and his ability to be a lone wolf who works so well in a team, Ryan Jr. takes on a personal vendetta against him discovering a separate plot to repeat history again in the worst possible way. Like his Father before him, Jack is always in the wrong place at the right time!
This was my favorite book of 2017 primarily because I know the author personally as well as his family. I recommended it to so many people that I've lost count. If you haven't read it yet you must!!!
this book changed my life!! my friends asked to read some of my copy and i ended up ordering 10 copies because they all wanted their own... my own mother wants a spanish edition so she can read it. absolutely love this book. 10/10 recommendation
from what I have look at so far a lot of good recipe in it
What can I say it's Trump! 👍
I wish I had bought this book months ago, must have reference book, especially if you quilt. Goes well with my Madam Sew 32 piece presser foot set.
My daughter loves this Bible. It is bigger than some, but that is what she love about it. The pictures so beautifully drawn even brings an element that makes you want to take in all that this book has to say. It leads you to a beautiful person.
My granddaughter loved them!
Great overview of the language and how error handling and packages management should be done.
This book is great for anyone wanting to make lifestyle changes for the better!!
my grandson loves this book
Such great truth and wisdom to instill value in your sons!
Love this comic. Keep them coming!
Beautiful book with good information and tips. I bought it for my 12 year old daughter who sketches and she loves it.
We love these noisy books for our baby. When she was just a few month old, we could just do the sounds. Now that she is 7 months old we can read the book and enjoy the sounds. A great way to start reading books to your newborn.
Perfect for a child waiting on a new baby
Ana is a lovely Christian lady whose walk matches her talk! This qualifies her to pen such a deeply thoughtful yet simple to use daily devotional that mirrors the many lessons she has learned in her walk with Christ! One of my favorite parts of each page are the questions she offers the reader to consider. Devotionals are only as effective as our ability to put in practice what we read, and Ana encourages us to apply the timeless wisdom from the book of Genesis to our own personal lives. Add this book to your quiet time with the Lord, and you will be blessed as I have been!
This is such a great gift for any little one. I highly recommend it.
I cried reading most of this book, but it is excellent! A must read IMO. Not for kids.
A great finish to the story of the Defenders of Shannara
My 2 year old nephew loves this book! He is obsessed with trucks, so its a great bedtime story for him. Sometimes he makes you read it to him twice! The board book format is great, since he tries to put almost everything in his mouth.
Great product at a competitive price.
Backup should my phone stop working. Emergency kit necessity.
Very reliable, I had no problems whatsoever! I love this product its 100% amazing quality! Very Happy!
Dylan's book is fantastic! His poetry captures a multitude of emotions, and he hits them all in a book that is tough to put down, easy to come back to, and impossible to forget. I look forward to his future contributions to the world!
yay textbook! was described as listing said
I've been watching and listening to this couple for years. The book did not disappoint! I finished it within 24 hours and will be passing it along to a friend. Discusses religion but not to the point of feeling like you're getting preached at.
Super cute book! Perfect for preschoolers around Thanksgiving time.
Got this for my 3 y/o and as soon as he saw it he wanted to read it...over and over and over again. He can't put it down, and had it memorized after one night. We love how much fun it is to interact with the tree on every page! :)
The book is full of beautiful bird photos and Marie Read clearly explains how the reader can improve their photos. She clearly covers technique, places to visit, equipment, bird behavior and more. I am very glad that I purchased this book.
I purchased for my husband to help him with easier way to play guitar at church. Teaches you the chords that work in the key of the song so you don't have to play chords specific on sheet music.
A marvelous story, wonderfully told.
Good series. Can't wait for the next installment!
Easy read, very cute book
Convenient size to provide additional light for bringing on seedlings while natural light is poor.
I LOVE the Orphan X series & this was a real winner!
This is a great coloring book for our 6 year old. Lots of big pictures of lots of different things! It's her favorite!!
Came as described. Quick shipping and daughter loves it
Cute book and awesome for my daughter to see other little girls who sit between their mama's legs getting their hair done; and sometimes it hurts a little. She likes seeing the hairstyles and saying “she has beads like me!!”
My 9 yr old loved these Hattie books
Still learning about background to the Bible. It sheds valuable new light on some difficult passages.
This is such a sweet story with lovely twists and turns. It's a good read for all ages.
Great book! Arrived damaged however :-(
I thought this was a great read. This is Sarah Addison Allen's best book. When I finished, I sent it to my granddaughter.
We always have acv on hand and were looking for more ways to eat and cook with it, and this book looked easy enough to find some recipes in that we could all enjoy. I haven't been able to make any recipes yet, but there are so many we marked down that we want to try! my 14yr old son went thru it with me and chose at least a dozen that he liked! I really like the size of this book, it is big enough I can't lose it, and the print is a nice larger size than most, making it easy to read and keep your place while trying to make a recipe.
Great Book for 5 yr old!!
Great boo if your going North to Alaska!! Its a MUST.
I can't remember the last book I loved this much. I couldn't put it down. Tara is an incredibly talented writer and storyteller and the obstacles she overcame to get to where she is today - definitely inspires you!
Interesting, short, but interesting
Without spoiling anything, not too bad anyway, let's just say, ABOUT TIME! (not publishing but storyline) As far as somethings that should have come about in previous books. I mean not as much as I was hoping for with some character relationships. But a much better feeling after reading this one as opposed to the others that either left you hanging of just extremely frustrated. I have to say whatever she was missing in her last few books she has forsure found with this one. If she was taking as long in between books (thankfully she isn't this time) again I would have to say I wouldn't mind as much, especially if it is this good!
Great book! Wonderful for your book collection.
Epic adventure - expertly written and researched.
Ok, The price is high. but you got what you pay for.Nothing to complain. You have to hold it in your hand. High quality product.
This is a book that I would call an “easy read”, but I would call it that with hesitation to not make it seem like it isn't an amazing book. I loved being able to read about so many great Christian figures that literally changed the world with the Gospel! I would recommend this to all for sure.
This is just what I ordered and it came just in time! I can't wait to finish it.
Love this little story about friendship. The Bear books are so sweet.
Great book for weight loss. Customer service was awesome!
I was surprised! This book was highly recommended and it was even better than I expected. Clear, helpful and grounded in God's word.
My mama loves this coloring book
I love it! They put so much care into it by relating the stories from the show. It is very heartwarming as is the show. God is the centerpiece....as it should be
While this is for your new seed packets it is simple enough to tuck envelope with your notes on your own harvested seeds. I will use this each season!
This is a great study resource as well as can be a reference guide. Switched to this about 6 weeks before my exam when the learning system I had from the boot camp wasn't cutting it.
A wonderful book that explains the essentials amd base of leadership. Based on these principals, the world must be a better place. I never had such an intensive and touching reading. Great book!
Great book, I'm three chapters in and very pleased.
Loved this entire series of Old England
Love the simplicity and detail of this book.
My son really liked the book.
My son loves these books.
These cards are awesome. Glad that we bought them for our baby.
We have a lot of different children's Bibles we've tried. This is definitely the favorite. The rhymes are great and help keep attention. I've also been impressed with how Biblically accurate and detailed the stories are. Definitely recommend.
Excellent book! Just take it easy.
My husband is Hungarian and has been in the states for about 6 years now. We visit Hungary every couple of months. I wanted to be able to cook some traditional food at home when he gets a little home sick. Everything in the cookbook you can find at American grocery stores so it makes it easy. I can never pronounce the name of the meals but it's always fun trying to have my husband figure out what's for dinner
This book brings the rainforest to life! My daughter is almost two and will enjoy this books for years to come! Right now she is fascinated with all the colors and all the different animals, but she will learn so much from this book as she gets older.
Illustration is beautiful! I bought this for my two year old as a bedtime story. I think at this age, it's too young to understand the meaning of the story. However, I plan to keep this book and read it to him as he grows.
Cute design, perfect size and loved the effort on the textured cover although it's a paperback! I'm just sad it came a little bent! It did come in a new packaging I haven't seen yet that says it's recyclable; please don't change that!! But maybe add a piece of cardboard/card stock, something equally recyclable and inexpensive!
I love this deck! Spooky yet cute and the directions in the book, adorable too. Also easy to time into.
My grandson loves construction vehicles. Great shape and story.
Rosalyn Eves does it again! From the first book I have loved Anna and her defiance, even though she sometimes looses faith in herself I never do! This book had so many turns for me that I could not wait to finish it! Of course (without giving away spoilers) enjoyed returning character and new ones. Every word I read drives me to go deeper in this world and cannot wait for the next book!
Nice size, well put together. Very helpful.
I had a lot of questions about the Speaking of tongues.This book has helped a lot an answer some of them. It is hard to because i believe in Speaking in tongues but mom does not.when i am in the presents of the Holy Spirit and i start talking like that i just close my door. Thank you again Rick Costa for writing this book it has really helped a lot. May God Bless You Always.
Wonderful book, I've never been good at writing literary reviews but if you're looking for a poetic read.. please give this one a shot!
The person in office loved it.
If you are looking for poetry to that speaks to acceptance this is the book.
It has thought provoking questions. If I had remembered to use it every day, it would have been great fun!
I absolutely LOVED this book. It confirmed so much that I've been seeing and wondering about. This was an incredible gift!! I'd recommend this over and over! And have!
Phenomenal! EVERY man AND woman needs to read this book! This is such a well written, powerful tool. This society is suffering, suffering from a lack of real men. Scott doesn't waste your time with a bunch of filler content. This book is highly concentrated, straight and to the point. He touches on every area of a man's life and hits it hard. Truthful info, practical tools and resonating real-life stories help this book hit home. My husband loved this book and as a mom, this info is priceless as I raise my son and daughter. I want my son to grow into a real man and I want my daughter to know that she deserves a real man for her husband. Well done Scott.
This should be a Mandatory read for Baby Boomers, parents of Baby Boomers or kids of Baby Boomers. That's pretty much our whole population right? Yeah, if that's you, read it. Heart warming to heart breaking stories. Priceless info. Read it while I was driving with my parents up to pack up their house for a permanent move from NC to FL. I had a captive audience so I started asking the hard questions. Happy to say they are very pro-active in their planning.
Perfect gift for Daughter and Son-In-Law.
Decent delivery time and good product quality for this price. Tested and working just fine.So far so good!
Bought this for my husband who is finishing his doctorate. He says it's been helpful during the job search.
easy to read, but perhaps not going to hold most peoples attention as well.
My go-to for canning. Loaned my original book to a friend but it never came back. So glad I could replace it.
I love this book. It was just as described. Seller was accurate about conditions.
This got here very fast and I'm happy with the purchase.
I'm taking my time reading this.
I am happy with my purchase.
Good book and quality
Excellent cook book. I have purchased other Test Kitchen cook books and have been pleased with each one. I like the descriptive information which explains how ingredients were selected and how testing resulted in the specified results. The recipes are very precise and I have always had good results using them.
I love this so much It really does keep u fully warm and toasty Plus you can use the extra flip it has for a bottom face cover to cover bottom of your face from the wind. Lol my husband an daughter thought it was funny and cute. Sorry for not having any pics to show u
This is an excellent update to an already timely book. It provides sound wisdom on approaching people with the most money to spend on goods and services. The material is easily woven into digestible chunks. You won't be disappointed by picking up this book to grow your business...so long as you implement his advice!